the university of illinois at chicago seeks an administrator scholar who can provide energetic and visionary leadership  to serve as director of the school of literatures, cultural studies and linguistics. the school is housed in  the college of liberal arts and sciences, and the director reports to the dean of the college. the school (  www .uic .edu  las  lcsl ..........................................................................................) serves as the administrative body over the following departments: classics and mediterranean  studies, french and francophone studies, germanic studies, hispanic and italian studies, linguistics  tesol, and slavic and baltic languages and literatures. this school also houses several undergraduate minor  programs, including moving image arts, international studies, and jewish studies, as well as the language and  culture learning center. the school is staffed by approximately 40 tenure line faculty members, and a similar  number of lecturers. it serves nearly 6,000 students annually through its basic language program and has approximately  700 majors and minors as well as 130 graduate students. the directorship is a nine month, full time  position involving administration, teaching, and continuing scholarship. the director serves as the chief executive  officer of the school and centrally oversees all personnel, curricular, financial, and administrative functions of the   departments within it. additionally, the director is charged with fostering interdisciplinary research and teaching  among the units of the school in literary, cultural, and linguistics theories and practices, and instruction in those  areas as well as in the many languages covered. uic is a leading urban public research i university with 17,000 undergraduates,  8,000 graduate students, and 2,500 professional students, located in the heart of chicago. minimum qualifications: NA at the time of the appointment and have substantial administrative experience. the successful candidate  should possess an outstanding record of achievement in research and teaching, as well as demonstrable administrative  skills. application procedure: to apply for this position, please complete and submit an online application, which will include the names and  e mail addresses of four references, letter of application outlining applicant's qualifications relevant for this position,  and full curriculum vitae at   school of literatures cultural studies linguistics..................................................................... click on the job board and then on the job link. for fullest consideration  applicants must apply no later than november 9, 2012. inquiries should be directed to marya schechtman, associate dean, (directorsearch@ las .uic .edu). the desired appointment date is august 16, 2013. salary is competitive based on qualifications. applications from women and minorities are particularly encouraged. the university of illinois is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer.  [r] u of illinois, urbana champaign english, 