essential functions the faculty of technical communication in the school of letters and sciences on the polytechnic campus of  arizona state university invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor position. we currently offer a bs  and a post baccalaureate certificate in technical communication, and we expect to begin offering an ms in fall  2013. the successful candidate will contribute to both the undergraduate and graduate programs; the teaching load  is 2 2. service is required appropriate to rank. applications should demonstrate a defined and productive research  agenda, as well as a commitment to community engagement, place based inquiry, and use inspired research consistent  with the mission of a new american university (  we welcome applications from candidates with any specialization within technical communication, but applications  that demonstrate expertise in one or more of the following areas will be of particular interest: digital media,  usability, health communication medical rhetoric, sustainability environmental communication, intercultural  global communication. qualifications required  phd in technical or professional communication or related discipline in hand by august 1, 2013  strong evidence of a productive research agenda in technical or professional communication  college level teaching experience in technical or professional communication  demonstrated aptitude with technology for teaching and for technical communication practice desired  evidence of successful teaching at the college level  expertise with technology and usability  experience teaching online courses  workplace experience in technical or professional communication  peer reviewed publications in technical or professional communication application deadline monday, october 29, 2012, if not filled, weekly monday thereafter until search is closed. application procedure a complete application must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, and three  letters of recommendation. please send these as one electronic file to kelli collins (kelli .m .collins@ asu .edu.........); indicate  the position (assistant professor technical communication, av #10227) in the subject line. please do not  send your application letter, vita, names of references, etc., separately. we will not accept incomplete applications.  initial interviews will be conducted via skype or phone. general information academic year contract. salary contingent upon qualifications and assigned teaching load. background check required  prior to employment. asu is an affirmative action equal employment opportunity employer  committed to  excellence through diversity. women and minorities are encouraged to apply.  arkansas hendrix c english,  1600 washington av conway ar 72032