carnegie mellon university, with the generous support of the andrew w. mellon foundation, is pleased to accept  NA years. these fellowships are designed to foster the academic careers of scholars who have recently received their  ph.d. degrees by permitting them to pursue their research while gaining mentored experience as teachers and members  of the academic department (english,  history, modern languages, philosophy) in which they will be housed. the department of english  is interested in candidates whose research specialty is in rhetoric or in literary and cultural  studies as it intersects with one or more of the following fields of study: race; new media, digital humanities;  intercultural communication, globalization; and medieval and early modern england. fellows will teach two courses in their home department(s) in each year of their residency. they will have the opportunity  to teach in their existing areas of expertise to prepare themselves for a competitive academic job market.  fellows will be encouraged to take part in the many cross departmental colloquia, conferences, or seminars  NA scholars program. NA $2,500, and three summer months salary for the two year fellowship. NA than january 1, 2011. candidates who do not yet hold a ph.d. but expect to by june 30, 2013 should supply a letter  from their home institution corroborating such a schedule. NA reviewed. candidates should submit a cover letter, cv, personal statement (of no longer than 2000 words) outlining  their complete research (including dissertation), work in progress, professional goals and plans for publication,  proposed major field(s) of teaching, and the carnegie mellon department in which you would want to be based. fellowship applications will be reviewed by the relevant departments. strong applicants will be contacted and asked  to provide three letters of recommendation and a writing sample. should you have questions, please direct them to hssdean@ andrew .cmu .edu NA   once at the site, search for specific listing by entering the corresponding posting number: english  9518. duquesne u