worldwide search for talent city university of hong kong is a dynamic, fast growing university that is pursuing excellence in research and  professional education. as a publicly funded institution, the university is committed to nurturing and developing  NA university has six colleges  schools. within the next two years, the university aims to recruit 100 more scholars  from all over the world in various disciplines, including science, engineering, business, social sciences, humanities,  law, creative media, energy, environment, and other strategic growth areas. applications and nominations are invited for : professor (rhetoric and composition  english  for academic purposes) department of english  [ref. c 155 09] the department of english  is a leading centre for english  studies in the asian region, and has an international reputation  for its research on english  language and literature. faculty in the department typically teach five courses a  year, covering a wide range of subjects including english  linguistics, literature, and english  for specific purposes for  students across the university. further information on the department is available at   duties : provide leadership in teaching, curriculum development and administration of programs in campus wide  composition, english  for academic purposes, and english  across the curriculum projects; assist the department in  a variety of academic and administrative duties. requirements : a phd in english  rhetoric and composition  english  for academic purposes or closely related  disciplines. candidates should have a distinguished record of teaching, research and scholarship; and an outstanding  contribution in the field. experience and background in teaching esl students is desirable. candidates are also  expected to have the training and experience to develop and teach effectively in a program that privileges critical  thinking through argumentative and analytical writing for students from all disciplines in an esl context, and lead  research in the field. salary and conditions of service remuneration package will be driven by market competitiveness and individual performance. excellent fringe  benefits include gratuity, leave, medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where applicable). initial appointment  will be made on a fixed term contract. information and application for further information or queries about the post, please email dr. rodney jones, acting head at enrodney@  cityu .edu.hk. please send the nomination or application with a current curriculum vitae to the human resources office, city  university of hong kong, tat chee avenue, kowloon, hong kong [fax: (852) 2788 1154 or (852) 3442 0311  email: hrojob@ cityu .edu.hk]. applications and nominations will receive full consideration until the position is  filled. the university reserves the right not to fill the position. personal data provided by applicants will be used  NA city university of hong kong is an equal opportunity employer  and we are committed to the principle of diversity.  we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, especially those who will enhance the diversity of our staff.  NA to the quacquarelli symonds 2011 2012 surveys.   ludwig maximilians universitaet muenchen NA