kean, a comprehensive new jersey state university, is seeking faculty for its extension program in wenzhou,  china. launched in 2012, the program is offered temporarily on the campus of and in partnership with wenzhou  university while the university prepares for the establishment of a full branch campus and constructs a new campus  of its own at a nearby site. for 2013, wenzhou-kean university programs will comprise five baccalaureate majors:  english  (writing option), computer science, finance, accounting (with emphasis on international standards and  practices) and international business management. all instruction is in english  for chinese students of traditional  college-entering age (18) who have studied english  throughout their primary and secondary education and who  have scored high on the chinese national exam for english- language proficiency. assistant professorship are are  full-time, tenure-track assignments, effective september 1, 2013. experienced teachers and active scholars or professional writers to teach and create a variety of courses in business  and professional writing for the writing option of the english  major. candidates must also be able to teach  extended-hours first-year composition curriculum and related supplemental courses in major-specific as well as  cross-disciplinary (general-education) written and oral academic discourse. doctorate in a pertinent area required.  graduate degrees must include at least a master's in writing, rhetoric, composition studies, english,  communications  or a related area. complementary credentials in business and other areas of professional practice preferred review of applications will begin immediately and continue until positions are filled. send letter of interest and  resume including names and contact information for three professional references by email to: wenzhou-kean  university search committee chairperson, at vpaa@ kean .edu..................................................... specify position sought in subject heading. official  transcripts for all degrees and three current letters of recommendation are required before appointment. salary  is competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. a comprehensive benefits package including  travel, housing and relocation allowances is available. contingent on budgetary approval and appropriated  funding. kean u english, 