the english  department at cleveland state university invites applications for a tenure-track position in american  literature of the twentieth century at the rank of assistant professor, to begin august 19, 2013. the current teaching  load, eight credit hours per semester, includes the opportunity to teach at both graduate and undergraduate  levels, including directing m.a. theses. the successful candidate will be expected to teach our one-semester survey  of american literature, as well as intermediate and advanced courses in american literature and topics courses  in sub-specialties, e.g., 20th-century  american poetry or drama; multi-ethnic/cultural literatures of the united  states; disability studies. the successful candidate will be expected to carry on an active research program and to  contribute to department and university service.  minimum qualifications: ph.d. in english  or american studies with a specialization in american literature of the twentieth century by  july 1, 2013; ability to teach a one-semester survey of american literature; evidence of research promise in the form  of publications, conferences, and other demonstrations. preferred qualifications: sub-specialization in 20th-century  american poetry or drama. secondary qualifications in multi-ethnic/cultural  literatures of the united states; queer and glbt studies; and/or disability studies also considered. record of scholarly  achievement in the field of 20th-century  american literature. demonstrated teaching potential. applicants should send letter, c.v., and list of three references by december 7, 2012 to david m. larson, chair, department  of english,  cleveland state university, 2121 euclid ave., cleveland, oh 44115. all interviews will occur  via phone or skype in early 2013. hiring is contingent on maintaining existing levels of funding from the state. cleveland state university is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  minorities, women, and persons  with disabilities are encouraged to apply. kent su english, 