the farquhar college of arts and sciences seeks applications at the ranks of assistant, associate, and full professor  for the following faculty positions. unless specifically noted otherwise, positions are full-time (9.5 month) and  entail teaching the equivalent of 8 courses, participation in department and college committees and curriculum  development, and strong commitment to student and community service and scholarship. candidates with a terminal degree are strongly preferred; faculty rank is dependent on terminal degree, college  level teaching experience, and scholarship. candidates with college-level teaching experience and a plan for active  scholarship are preferred. interest in or experience with teaching or developing online courses is a plus. review of  applications begins immediately; positions begin august 2013. 994602-writing/composition faculty  the college seeks candidates to teach undergraduate courses in college composition and specialized writing  courses, as well as graduate courses in the m.a. in writing program. candidates should have a record of excellent  teaching, a well-defined research agenda, proficiency with digital media, and experience working with diverse student  populations. desired areas of interest include composition theory, rhetoric, computers and writing, esl/ ell, professional and technical writing. earned terminal degree in english  or composition/rhetoric is strongly  preferred; minimum requirement is master's degree in english  or composition/rhetoric with progress toward terminal  degree.  with more than 140 full-time faculty members, 350 part time faculty members, and 3200 students, the farquhar  college of arts and sciences at nova southeastern university offers 31 undergraduate majors, 52 minors, and 5  certificate programs across four academic divisions, as well as two graduate programs. the college serves more  than 6000 undergraduate students through general education, honors, and study abroad programs. nova southeastern  university is the seventh largest not-for-profit university in the united states, serving more than 29,000  students. the university is located on 300 acres in fort lauderdale, florida. for confidential consideration, please apply to position #994602 at www .nsujobs .com............................... and submit a letter of interest,  resume, and curriculum vitae. please visit our website: www .nsujobs .com nsu offers competitive compensation and outstanding benefits. eoe. u of florida english, 