the department of english  invites applications for a tenure-track position beginning in september 2013 in early  modern english  literature; a specialization in poetry is preferred. secondary interests in book and media history  and/or digital humanities are particularly welcome. we seek a candidate with a strong record of scholarship, demonstrated excellence in and commitment to undergraduate  teaching, and a phd in hand by september 2013. the successful candidate will teach undergraduate  courses in the major (including a multi-genre survey in english  renaissance literature and an introduction to poetry)  NA program. the teaching load is two courses  per quarter. the depaul department of english  offers graduate and undergraduate degrees in literature and creative writing to  NA english  NA programs and in the liberal studies program and university honors program. we seek candidates with experience  teaching undergraduate and graduate students of diverse backgrounds and sensitivity to the educational goals of an  urban multicultural student population. we particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university  and its surrounding community, and we encourage applications from women, people of color, and individuals from  other historically under-represented groups. to apply, please visit the following url to electronically submit a letter of application, cv, names and e-mail  contacts for three references, writing sample (approx. 25 pages), and unofficial or official graduate transcripts-facultyopportunities  .depaul .edu/ applicants/ central?quickfind=51002. all application materials must be submitted online. screening of applications will begin immediately and continue  through december 31st for interviews at the mla conference in boston, january 3rd-6th, 2013. the deadline for  applications is january 2, 2013. as an equal employment opportunity (eeo) employer,  depaul university provides job opportunities to qualified  individuals without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital  status, physical or mental disability, parental status, housing status, source of income or military status, in accordance  with applicable federal, state, and local eeo laws. dominican u english,  7900 w division st river forest il 60305