the department of english  and foreign languages at augusta state university invites applications for the position  of chairperson on a 12 month contract effective july 1st, 2013. augusta state university is currently undergoing  consolidation with georgia health sciences university and, in january, will be a new university with expectations  of a ru/h status (research university with high research activity). located along the savannah river  on the border of georgia and south carolina, augusta is the second largest city in georgia and a short driving  distance from such major metropolitan areas as atlanta, charleston, savannah, and columbia, as well as being  close to the atlantic coast and the blue ridge mountains. augusta is best known as the home of the masters golf  tournament. currently the department offers a b.a. in foreign languages (spanish and french) and a b.a. in english  with  concentrations in literature, creative writing, rhetoric and composition, and secondary teacher certification. as we  move from a regional to a comprehensive university, there will be a growing focus on research and program development.  therefore, the department seeks a visionary and flexible candidate with demonstrated departmental and  university leadership as well as strengths in interpersonal communication and organization to foster an atmosphere  of growth and innovation. in particular, we seek experience in program and curricular development, budget and  personnel management, student recruitment and retention, grant writing, and various tools of assessment. while  scholarship will have an increasingly important role in the future growth of the department and new university,  our department prides itself on excellence in teaching, close interaction with students through advising and small  classroom sizes and cross-discipline interaction with faculty from other departments. the candidate should have a doctorate corresponding with the department and be eligible for appointment at the  associate or full professor position rank. academic rank and salary are commensurate with scholarly activities, publications  and experience. applicants should submit a letter of application, a current cv and three letters of reference  addressed to dr. todd hoffman, chair, search committee, pamplin college of arts, humanities, and social sciences,  NA will begin december 21, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. augusta state university is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.  minority and women candidates are  encouraged to apply. [r] columbus su