mellon postdoctoral fellows in the humanities the school of liberal arts at tulane university invites applications for mellon postdoctoral fellowships for a period  NA must have received the phd by june 30, 2013 and not before september 1, 2010. they must demonstrate successful  teaching experience and an interesting research agenda. fellows will be assigned to one of six departments within  the school of liberal arts: communication, english,  french and italian, history, philosophy, or spanish and portuguese.  fellows will teach mid-and upper-level courses in their field of expertise; these courses will be cross-listed  with one or more of eighteen interdisciplinary programs. the teaching load will be one course per semester, with  NA NA NA center, the hogan jazz archive, the newcomb center for research on women, the southeastern architectural  archive, the latin american library, the historic new orleans collection, the louisiana state museum, and the   archives of the new orleans public library. the stipend is $45,900 per year, with some funding also available for  research and travel. tulane university is a privately endowed institution located in new orleans, one of the world's unique urban  centers. the university holds membership in the association of american universities and is a carnegie extensive  research university. tulane is composed of nine academic divisions and home to over ten thousand graduate  and undergraduate students. the school of liberal arts provides students with an outstanding education in the  humanities, social sciences, and fine arts, and helps them develop skills of analysis, research, and written and oral  expression. students work closely with a faculty of distinguished research scholars and creative artists who are eager  to engage them in their learning. additional information on the school of liberal arts and its departments and  programs can be accessed at http:// www .liberalarts .tulane .edu/. applicants should provide a one-page summary of their dissertation and a few sample titles of courses they would  like to teach. please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, dissertation summary, sample courses and three letters of  recommendation by december 1, 2012. all application materials must be submitted electronically via interfolio.  to apply, please visit: http:// www .interfolio .com/ apply/ 3120. for information, contact kevin gotham, associate  dean, school of liberal arts, at kgotham@ tulane .edu. tulane university is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer  committed to excellence  through diversity. all eligible candidates are invited to apply for position vacancies as appropriate. [r] u of california, los angeles english, 