department: college of extended learning NA timebase: full-time NA salary: $4,373.00 to $6,238.00 per month major duties: under the direction of the associate dean, the incumbent will be responsible for the administration and oversight  of the american culture and language program (esl), its curriculum and course offerings, program development  and planning, facilitating day to day operations, and marketing and student recruitment. the incumbent will assist  in strengthening existing partnerships, initiating new partnerships abroad, increasing enrollments in international  extension programs and diversifying its student body and its portfolio of programs. the incumbent will be also  responsible for quality assurance and accreditation of the esl program. in addition to on campus program, the  incumbent will be responsible for coordination of some programs at sites overseas. the incumbent is expected to  build strong collaborations with academic college and departments across the university and be able to attract faculty  NA qualifications: applicants must possess the equivalent of a four-year college or university degree field along with three years of  NA international programs in higher education is required, along with experience in annual budget development  and the negotiation of program arrangements and contracts. applicants must possess demonstrated experience  in partnership development with institutions abroad, interactions with government, not-for-profit and business  organizations in the u.s and abroad. applicants must possess strong communication skills in cross-cultural settings.  applicants must possess entrepreneurial spirit, experience and knowledge of self-support continuing education programs.  applicants must possess the ability to work and communicate effectively in a culturally and ethnically diverse  community. competency in foreign languages, especially in pacific-rim countries, is desired, along with  experience in living and/or studying overseas. supervisory experience is required. other information: NA claremont colleges