northeastern university seeks a visionary academic and entrepreneurial leader for the position of dean of the college  of social sciences and humanities. reporting directly to the provost and senior vice president for academic affairs,  the dean will enjoy an extraordinary opportunity to lead a college notable for breadth, distinction, and interdisciplinary  innovation. NA studies; economics; english;  history; languages, literatures, and cultures; philosophy and religion; political science;  NA affairs. the college houses interdisciplinary major programs in human services, international affairs, and asian studies,  and offers many other opportunities for interdisciplinary study through programs in latino/a, latin american, and caribbean  NA in combined majors, minors, and interdisciplinary programs with other northeastern colleges. for more information  about the college of social sciences and humanities, please visit http:// www .northeastern .edu/ cssh/. northeastern university seeks a dean for the college of social sciences and humanities who combines intellectual accomplishment  with strategic leadership ability; excellent interpersonal and communication skills; entrepreneurial ambition;  NA arts education of all northeastern students; to produce cutting-edge knowledge about and solutions to political and social  problems of our contemporary world; to foster ethical reflection and critical thought, and focus attention on the enduring  significance of history and literature. the successful candidate will possess an earned doctorate and academic qualifications  appropriate for appointment as a tenured full professor at northeastern university in one of the academic departments  of the college, with a record of distinguished scholarship, research, and teaching. about northeastern university located in the heart of boston, in the arts district and biomedical research corridor, northeastern university is a private  research university offering a wide range of programs leading to degrees through the doctorate in nine schools and colleges.  over the past ten years, northeastern has experienced extraordinary growth in admissions selectivity, research activity,  campus life, donor support, and reputation. today, northeastern is the largest private research university in boston  proper, comprising more than 15,000 undergraduate and 5,000 graduate students and over 4,200 faculty and staff. the  NA NA multidisciplinary programs in high-impact areas such as urban coastal sustainability, law and policy, digital humanities  and computational social sciences, environmental health, personalized medicine and health informatics, network assurance  NA cooperative education program, is transforming the student experience: international co-ops have more than doubled  NA plan, please visit http:// www .northeastern .edu/ lrp/. applications and nominations  northeastern university has retained the services of storbeck/pimentel & associates to assist with this search. review of  applications, nominations, and expressions of interest will begin immediately and continue on a confidential basis until an  NA of five references. the electronic submission of materials is preferred. nominations, applications, and inquiries will  be held in strict confidence and should be forwarded to: alberto pimentel, managing partner storbeck/pimentel & associates 1111 corporate center drive, suite 106 monterey park, ca 91754 323-260-7889 (fax) email: apsearch@ storbeckpimentel .com NA northeastern university is an equal opportunity employer. persons of color and women are encouraged to apply. smith c