 the college of liberal arts & sciences at the university of florida seeks applications for a program director of  the university writing program (http:// www .writing .ufl .edu). the successful candidate will be an experienced,  dynamic leader who can develop the various components of the program and work productively with its allied  units. the status of the position may be either non-tenured or tenure-track. ranks available for this position are  lecturer/senior lecturer/master lecturer and/or assistant/associate/full professor. salary will be commensurate  with qualifications and experience. reporting to the dean of the college of liberal arts & sciences (in which the university writing program resides),  the program director of the uwp has a position analogous to that of a department chair or center director  in clas. the university writing program provides courses in first-year writing and writing in the disciplines to  almost 5,000 students a year and operates the reading and writing center, which provides writing tutoring to undergraduate  and graduate students from across the campus. the courses, which are taught by lecturers and graduate  students from several departments, mainly english,  are guided by common objectives and are closely aligned with  NA .html ). the program director is assisted by an associate program director, a coordinator for first-year writing,  the program director of the reading and writing center and support staff. applicants must have a ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or a closely related field, as well as experience in writing  program administration beyond graduate school training. preference will be given to applicants with three or more years of experience in directing a writing program,  including responsibility for development and implementation of strategy, and for administrative tasks such as  budget management, course scheduling, teacher evaluation, and coordination with allied academic units. preference  will also be given to applicants with an active research agenda in writing pedagogy and/or writing program  administration. applications must be made on-line. to apply, please visit http:// jobs .ufl .edu/ postings/ 33792....................... applicants must upload  a letter of application, cv and three letters of recommendation. review of applications will begin on november  26, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. only complete applications will be considered. nominations may be sent to associate dean david pharies, search committee chair, at pharies@ ufl .edu. all candidates for employment are subject to a pre-employment screening which includes a review of criminal records,  reference checks, and verification of education. the university of florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive  faculty and staff. u of tampa langs & linguistics, 401 w kennedy blvd box r tampa fl 33606