department of english university of arkansas at little rock the english  department at the university of arkansas at little rock invites applications for a tenure-track position  at the rank of assistant professor in secondary english  education. NA methods, and to develop new courses in a growing secondary education program. desired emphases include  american literature, literacy theory, and technology-enhanced instruction. the candidate will also be expected to  supervise student teachers, advise majors, write accreditation (spa) reports, develop grant proposals, and publish in  peer-reviewed journals. minimum qualifications: the successful candidate will assume duties august 15, 2013 and must have completed  all requirements for a ph.d. in english/ english  education or a closely related field before employment commences.  the candidate should be certified, and have experience teaching english  NA commitment to research and service. NA email to vlkottwitz@ ualr .edu or in paper form to dr. j. bradley minnick, chair of the recruitment committee,  english  department, university of arkansas at little rock, 2801 s. university avenue, little rock, ar 72204.  please reference position r99380 in the email subject line. screening of applications will begin december 7, 2012  and will continue until the position is filled. this position is subject to a pre-employment criminal and financial history background check. a criminal conviction  or arrest pending adjudication and/or adverse financial history information alone shall not disqualify an applicant  in the absence of a relationship to the requirements of the position. background check information will be  used in a confidential, non-discriminatory manner consistent with state and federal law.  the university of arkansas at little rock is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer  and actively seeks  the candidacy of minorities, women and persons with disabilities. under arkansas law, applications are subject to  disclosure. persons hired must have proof of legal authority to work in the united states. [r] california california baptist u mod langs & lit, 8432 magnolia av riverside ca 92504