hampshire college, supported by a grant from the andrew w. mellon foundation "to make hampshire college  NA into their individualized program of studies," seeks to hire a postdoctoral fellow in translation for a year appointment  starting in fall 2013. to be eligible, applicants must have received their ph.d. (or terminal degree in their field) between may 1, 2008  and june 30, 2013. we are seeking a candidate who works on the intersections of translation with other fields in the humanities. primary  training in comparative literature or related discipline preferred. the successful candidate would be expected  to help in developing our emerging curriculum in translation, which at hampshire college includes among other  fields world literature, philosophy, religion, poetry and history. the desired candidate would connect the theory  and the practice of translation in their teaching. requirements: the expectations for the position would include mentoring student projects in translation, and assisting  faculty in incorporating translation studies into their courses as well as coordinating various events with  guest speakers. successful candidate will teach one course per semester. candidate should be prepared to co-teach a  course on the task of the translator as a literary, ethical and political problem.  qualifications: native or near-native fluency in english,  high proficiency in at least one other language (including  but not limited to spanish, french, german, arabic, brazilian portuguese, russian, chinese, latin, sanskrit,  or a less-commonly-taught language). ph.d. in related field by date of appointment is required. ma in translation  studies would be valued. application should include cover letter, cv, examples of translation projects, names of three references with email  contact addresses and teaching portfolio submitted via our website at http:// jobs .hampshire .edu/ only................ no hard copies  will be accepted. hampshire college is committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual community and strongly encourages  applications from women and minority candidates. review of applications begins january 15, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. www .hampshire .edu hampshire college is an equal opportunity institution, committed to diversity in education and employment harvard u institute for english 