the department of english  invites applications for a tenure track position at the assistant professor rank in medieval  english  literature and culture beginning in the fall of 2013. exceptional candidates in all subfields will be  NA programs or to the larger community of medieval and early modern scholars at the college. applicants   should demonstrate a strong commitment to research, a promise of successful scholarly engagement, and dedication  to teaching excellence in a liberal arts environment. bowdoin has highly motivated students, a two course per semester  teaching load, a junior sabbatical leave policy, competitive salary, and excellent support for faculty research.  ph.d. must be in hand upon beginning appointment. bowdoin college accepts only electronic submissions. please visit   application, c.v., writing sample of no more than 25 pages, and the names of three references who have agreed to  provide letters of recommendation. review of applications will begin november 1, 2012, and continue until the position is filled. a highly selective liberal arts college on the maine coast with a diverse student body made up of 30% students of  color, 4% international students and approximately 15% first generation college students, bowdoin college is committed  to equality and is an equal opportunity employer.  we encourage inquiries from candidates who will enrich  and contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. bowdoin college does not discriminate on the  basis of age, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran  status, national origin, or disability status in employment, or in our education programs. bowdoin college offers strong support for faculty research and teaching. we recognize that recruiting and retaining  faculty may involve considerations of spouses and domestic partners. to that end, where possible, the college  will attempt to accommodate and respond creatively to the needs of spouses and partners of members of the faculty.  for further information about the college and the department, see our website at www .bowdoin .edu. [r] colby c english,  5280 mayflower hill waterville me 04901