deadline for primary consideration is friday, november 2, 2012; however, positions are open until filled. the university of california, santa barbara, writing program invites applications for full time lecturers to join a  vibrant and dynamic program. lecturers teach lower and upper division courses, including introductory writing  courses for a variety of students and advanced courses in humanities, social sciences, and various professional areas.  the writing program also has a writing minor. additionally, writing program lecturers are integrally involved in  program governance, development, and innovation. we are especially interested in instructors who can teach professional  writing (business, technical, journalistic) and courses that take into consideration genres and practices of  stem disciplines. demonstrated excellence in university teaching is required; research, publication, or other activity related to the  teaching of writing is preferred. ph.d. or equivalent terminal degree is required, but exceptions may be made for  comparable experience. full time lecturers hired in this search may receive two year contracts with the possibility of renewal up to six  years; at the sixth year, a lecturer may be considered for a continuing appointment, which is an ongoing contract  with merit reviews every three years. salaries are competitive and vary depending upon training and experience;  appointments include full benefits. terms and conditions of employment are subject to uc policy and any appropriate  collective bargaining agreement. positions are pending funding approval. for information about the ucsb writing program, please visit our web site, www .writing .ucsb .edu. send letter of application, cv, and 3 letters of reference to chair, writing program search committee, university  of california, santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106 3010 preliminary interviews will be conducted by phone or skype. the university of california is an equal opportunity  affirmative action employer.  the program is interested in  candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through research, teaching  and service. u of california, santa barbara english, 