the department of english  at virginia tech invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor position in  visual rhetoric and design to begin august 2013. required: ph.d. (in hand at the time of appointment) in rhetoric and writing or related field with preparation in  professional writing, visual rhetoric, and design; the promise of significant research and publication; and evidence  of successful teaching. preferred: publication, conference presentations; teaching/ working with diverse populations; expertise in intercultural  communication, digital media. responsibilities include on going publication commensurate with a research  faculty position; teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in professional writing and rhetoric; serving on departmental,  college, and university committees; and advising students. teaching load 2/2. for more information,  see www .english. vt.edu/ rw job search. applications: candidates must apply on line at www .jobs.vt.edu, posting no. 0122280. attach to the on line application  a letter of interest that addresses the responsibilities and qualifications stated above, cv, a list of contact  information for three professional references, a writing sample (upload using 'other doc'), a dissertation abstract  (upload using 'other doc 3'), and a teaching philosophy statement that includes teaching professional writing. address  queries to carolyn rude, search committee chair, carolyn .rude@ vt .edu 540.231.2374. applications will  be acknowledged by e mail. review of applications will begin 15 october and continue until the position is filled.  video interviews with semifinalists in december will be followed by campus visits for finalists in early 2013. virginia tech has a strong commitment to diversity and seeks a broad spectrum of candidates, including women  and minorities, people with disabilities, and veterans. individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation in  the application process should contact patty morse: pattym1@ vt .edu, 540.231.8466. the department of english  offers a b.a. and m.a. in english,  an m.f.a. in creative writing, and a ph.d. in rhetoric  and writing. undergraduate specializations include literature, language, and culture; creative writing; and  professional writing. virginia tech is a research extensive university that enrolls more than 30,000 students. [r] washington & lee u english,  payne hall lexington va 24450