the department of english  invites applications for the position of chair to lead a department of 33 full time faculty  members and 30 part time instructors. a dynamic program featuring award winning teachers who publish actively  NA in areas including literary  studies, creative and professional writing, composition and rhetoric, and cinema studies. we serve approximately  300 majors, 100 minors, and 70 graduate students at a public comprehensive university of over 15,000 students.  this search is open to candidates in all fields; however, candidates in rhetoric and composition, creative writing,   and or english  education are especially encouraged to apply. the chair position is a twelve month, tenured position  at the associate or full professor rank. required qualifications include: NA or related field NA NA in supporting literature, writing, english  education, and general education curricula NA undergraduate and graduate programs NA NA applicants should submit a complete dossier online through the link above containing an initial letter of application,  cv, and letters from three professional references addressed to dr. john alberti, chair, search committee.  review of applications will begin on november 2, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. more information  about the search is available at the department website:   .html. located seven miles from downtown cincinnati in an area offering an outstanding quality of life, nku is a nationally  recognized metropolitan university committed to active engagement with the northern kentucky  greater  cincinnati region of nearly two million people. our institution is built on core values that emphasize multidimensional  excellence, learner centered education, civic engagement, multiculturalism, innovation, collegiality, and  collaboration across disciplines and professional fields. we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, but  especially from individuals who contribute to the diversity of our academic community. northern kentucky university  is an affirmative action  equal opportunity employer.  [r] louisiana tulane u english, 