posting number: fy1211207 title: advanced assistant or associate professor of english/  director of esol division: aa-academic affairs position department: english  and media studies position classification: ff-full time faculty title of person to which position reports: chair of english  & medial studies description of duties:  the english  and media studies department at bentley university invites applications for a tenure-track advanced  assistant or associate professor to serve as esol director. we seek applicants with a record of publication and  other scholarly activity in esol studies, excellence in teaching esol composition at the undergraduate level, and  strong leadership, organizational, and interpersonal skills. a secondary specialty in applied linguistics, rhetoric, literature,  film, communication or media studies is highly desirable.  preference: phd completed on or before july 2013. additional description of duties: the esol director administers and teaches in the undergraduate esol expository  writing program for fully matriculated international students, works closely with the esol center director  and faculty tutors, and oversees the coordinator for the esol graduate tutorials and seminars. additional duties  include recruiting adjunct esol writing faculty as needed, working with the director of expository writing to  oversee the placement of all expository writing students each year, and meeting with representatives of the graduate  school, international student offices, and career services to coordinate international undergraduate and graduate  student academic support. the esol director also serves as a resource for university faculty and staff and conducts  workshops across the curriculum. this position presents an opportunity for leadership at the university level and  potential for developing an english  language institute program. position qualifications:  applications must be submitted online at https:// jobs .bentley .edu/. review will begin october 15, 2012. please  include cover letter, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference. required applicant documents: resume/ curriculum vitae cover letter teaching philosophy letter of reference 1 letter of reference 2 letter of reference 3 research statement  optional applicant documents: teaching evaluations NA closing date: open until filled special instructions to applicants: during the on-line process applicants will be prompted to enter reference contact  information. we will contact references only for those candidates who remain under consideration after the  initial screening process. bentley university requires reference checks and may conduct other pre-employment screening. bentley university is an equal opportunity employer,  building strength through diversity . bridgewater su english,  45 school st 340 tillinghast hall bridgewater ma 02325