job field : tenure stream faculty /division : faculty of arts and science campus : st. george (downtown toronto) job closing : oct 31, 2012 applications are invited for a tenure-stream position in the field of aboriginal literature in the department of english  (51%) and aboriginal studies (49%) at the st george campus of the university of toronto. the appointment  will be at the rank of assistant professor and will begin on july 1, 2013.  applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research in the area of  aboriginal literature. qualified candidates will have a phd in english  with specialization in aboriginal literature  and interest in canadian aboriginal issues. interest in community-based research and aboriginal methodologies,  and experience in working with aboriginal communities are an asset. applicants must show evidence of excellence  in research and teaching potential. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. aboriginal studies (www .utoronto .ca/abs) is an interdisciplinary program that brings together faculty from across  the university of toronto and works closely with the student services unit first nations house. responsibilities  involve teaching of undergraduate courses (specific assignments to be negotiated) and regular participation in program  activities. the aboriginal studies program is affiliated with the centre for aboriginal initiatives at the university  of toronto. the department of english  (www .english  .utoronto.ca), st george campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to  conduct research in a department that is committed to studying the literatures of english  in both their historical  depth and their geographical range. situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the department reflects  that diversity in its approach to english  as a world language. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. see job # 1201131. applications  should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy),  a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. if you have questions  about this position, please contact chair .english@  utoronto.ca. all application materials should be submitted online. the uoft application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine  attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at: http://  uoft.me/how-to-apply. applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair .english@  utoronto.ca by the closing date, october 31, 2012. for more information about the department of english,  please visit our home page. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of  sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  [r] u of toronto english,  170 st george street, rm 607 toronto on m5r 2m8 canada