 the english  department at the university of wisconsin la crosse invites applicants for a tenure track assistant  professor position in rhetoric & writing with a concentration in professional writing, beginning august 26, 2013.  the position is a full time, academic year appointment. our new colleague will teach upper level courses in business  and technical writing, as well as first year writing and courses in the rhetoric & writing major. strong candidates  will demonstrate evidence of teaching effectiveness, strong oral and written communication skills, potential for  curriculum development, evidence of/potential for scholarship, and commitment to professional service. preferred  secondary specialties may include cross cultural approaches to rhetoric and writing; experience or research in esl;  teaching and composing with technology; and/or multicultural, international, disability, and diversity perspectives  in teaching, scholarship, and curriculum development. an interest in participating in study abroad opportunities is  NA commitment to diversity in curriculum and who will be a dedicated teacher, active scholar and effective  mentor for students with diverse backgrounds, preparation, and career goals. the university of wisconsin la crosse  is a high ranking comprehensive university specializing in teaching (the load is 4/4). candidates must have a phd in  rhetoric & writing or a related field with a strong emphasis in rhetoric and writing conferred by august 26, 2013. note: electronic submission of application materials is required, including letter of application, c.v., unofficial  transcript(s), and three letters of reference uploaded directly by referees through the electronic confidential portal.  for additional information about this faculty position and to apply, please visit   application materials must be received by october 22, 2012. initial interviews will be conducted via phone or skype. uw la crosse is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  we strive to recruit, develop, and retain the most  talented people from a diverse candidate pool, and we encourage applications from persons with varied backgrounds  and perspectives. if you have need for accommodation in the hiring process, please contact marie moeller,  search and screen committee chair, at 608 785 6928. to learn more about the english  department, visit   www .uwlax .edu/ english. employment will require a criminal background check. a pending criminal charge or conviction will not necessarily  disqualify an applicant. in compliance with the wisconsin fair employment act, uw la crosse does not  discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [r] u of wisconsin, la crosse english,  1725 state st la crosse wi 54601