literature nyu abu dhabi new york university has established itself as a global network university, a multi site, organically connected network  encompassing key global cities and idea capitals. the network has three foundational, degree granting campuses:  new york, abu dhabi, and shanghai, complemented by a network of over 15 research and study away sites  across five continents. faculty and students will circulate within this global network in pursuit of common research  interests, the promotion of cross cultural and interdisciplinary solutions for problems, both local and global. new york university abu dhabi seeks leading scholars for tenured, tenure track and contract appointments in  NA and or early modern literature. scholars in fields such as classical literature or world literature are also encouraged  to apply. junior scholars with clear research profiles will be considered; dossiers of scholars at the associate or  full professor level are highly desirable. the successful candidates will have the opportunity to play an integral role  in fashioning a complete international research university oriented around the liberal arts. we seek literary scholars  who maintain an active agenda of research, have publications appropriate to their rank, and have demonstrated commitment  NA curriculum:   entering its third year, nyu abu dhabi has already recruited a cohort of faculty who are at once distinguished in  their research and teaching. our students are drawn from around the world and surpass all traditional recruitment  NA institute for advanced research, sponsoring cutting edge projects across the arts, humanities, social sciences, sciences,  and engineering. the terms of employment are competitive and include housing and educational subsidies for children. faculty may  also spend time at nyu new york and other sites of the global network, engaging in both research and teaching  opportunities. the appointment might begin as soon as september 1, 2013, or could be delayed until september 1,  2014. applications are due by november 1, 2012; applications received later will be reviewed until the positions are filled.  to be considered, candidates should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statements of research and teaching  interests, representative publications and three letters of reference, all in pdf format. senior candidates are not  required to submit references at this time. please visit our website at   .positions .html for instructions and other information on how to apply. if you have any questions, please e mail  nyuad .humanities@ nyu .edu. nyu abu dhabi is an equal opportunity  affirmative action employer.  singapore u of technology & design