job field: tenure stream faculty /division: faculty of arts and science campus: st. george (downtown toronto) job closing: oct 31, 2012 the department of english  at the university of toronto, st george campus, invites applications for a tenure- stream appointment in the field of twentieth-century  british and irish literature. research and teaching interests  in both modern and contemporary literature are desired. the appointment will be at the rank of assistant professor  and will begin on july 1, 2013. applicants must have earned a phd degree in a related field by july 1, 2013 or soon  thereafter, with a demonstrated record of excellence in teaching and research. salary will be commensurate with  qualifications and experience. the department of english,  st george campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a department  that is committed to studying the literatures of english  in both their historical depth and their geographical  range. situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the department reflects that diversity in its approach  to english  as a world language. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. see job # 1201109. applications  should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy),  a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. if you have questions  about this position, please contact chair .english@  utoronto.ca. all application materials should be submitted online. the uoft application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine  attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at: http://  uoft.me/how-to-apply. applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair  .english@  utoronto.ca by the closing date, october 31, 2012. for more information about the department of english,  please visit our home page. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of  sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  [r] u of toronto english, 