the university of north carolina at charlotte invites applications for the position of assistant professor of english  specializing in digital narratives for young people, beginning august 2013. the appointment is a 9 month tenure  track position. this is one of five positions in the college this year that entails expertise in new media or digital  technologies. required qualifications: ph.d. in english  (or related field) with a specialization in digital narratives for young  people (including, but not limited to popular culture, gaming, cgi, film, digital archives, or theoretical explorations  of new media); evidence of strong potential for professional development as a scholar; evidence of potential for  successful university teaching; and a commitment to promoting diversity in the department and college. teaching  for this position will include graduate and undergraduate courses in digital narratives for young people, as well as in  NA the university of north carolina at charlotte is a dynamic, research intensive university, located in a thriving  metropolitan area, with a student population of 26,000+ and more than 900 full time faculty. the department  of english,  NA NA NA NA for consideration, apply online at   of reference, unofficial electronic transcript(s), and a writing sample of approximately 20 pages. screening of applicants  will begin november 5, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. additional application materials,  such as sample syllabi, teaching evaluations, and further writing samples, may be requested of finalists. we will  conduct preliminary telephone interviews. please direct inquiries to the chair of the search committee, dr. paula t.  connolly (ptconnol@ uncc .edu). unc charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained.  therefore, we celebrate diversity that includes, but is not limited to ability disability, age, culture, ethnicity,  gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socio economic status. in compliance with north carolina  law, applicants are subject to criminal background checks. aa eoe wake forest u english, 