the department of english  at florida atlantic university (fau) invites applications for a tenure-track assistant  professor position in african american literature, to begin august 2013. candidates with a pre-1900 research  focus and an ability to teach a wide range of courses will be given preference. this position will be located on  NA teaching assignment is normally five courses per year, and advisement of ma theses will be an important part of the  job responsibility. we seek a candidate who will be able to balance excellence in teaching with substantial, high- quality scholarship and committed service at departmental, programmatic, college, and perhaps university levels.  each of the 30 tenure-line faculty of the department of english  teaches a variety of service and major courses in  support of our department's four degree programs (ba, ma, mat, and mfa); faculty also are active as teachers  NA requirements include a phd in english  at time of appointment, publication record in field, and relevant teaching  experience at the college level. send letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation to professor sika dagbovie,  search committee chair, department of english,  florida atlantic university, 777 glades road, boca raton, fl,  33431-0991. applications must be postmarked by november 5, 2012. all applicants must also submit all materials  online and complete the faculty, administrative, managerial & human resources application form available  through the office of human resources: http:// jobs .fau .edu, position number 992062. fau serves a culturally and ethnically diverse six-county region in southeast florida (broward, indian river,  martin, okeechobee, palm beach, and st. lucie counties) whose total population is more than five million people.  the university is experiencing rapid growth. fau is an equal opportunity/equal access institution. a background  check will be required for the candidate selected for this position. individuals requiring accommodation,  call 561-297-3830 (1-800-955-8771 tty) [r]  florida intl u english, 