pitzer college, a member of the claremont colleges, invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor  to serve as writing center director beginning fall 2013. the successful candidate will develop and maintain the  writing center, have responsibility for supervising a part time administrative coordinator, and a staff of both  graduate and undergraduate student assistants. the person will serve as a resource for faculty who teach writing in  the interdisciplinary first year seminar program, conduct workshops, and teach 3 writing courses per academic  year. we seek a colleague with a strong commitment to the function of the writing center as an academic resource for  students and faculty, a passion for undergraduate teaching, the ability to work well with faculty across the college,  and a continuing program of scholarly activity. a ph.d. in a relevant discipline with demonstrated effectiveness in  teaching composition or rhetoric is required at the time of appointment. pitzer college has a strong institutional commitment to diversity in all areas and strongly encourages candidates  NA objectives, which promote interdisciplinary perspectives, intercultural understanding, and concern with  social responsibility and the ethical implications of knowledge and action. pitzer college is an affirmative action/  equal opportunity employer.  for the successful applicant with the relevant interests, affiliations are possible with  the intercollegiate departments of africana studies, asian american studies, chican@/latin@ studies, and/or  NA to apply please follow the instructions located at www .pitzer .edu/ facultyapply or through the link above. a complete  application will include a letter of application, curriculum vitae, selected evidence of excellence in teaching  and research, statement of teaching philosophy, a description of your research, and three letters of recommendation.  within their applications, candidates should address how their cultural, experiential, and/or academic background  contributes to the understanding of diversity at the college. the deadline for applying is november 1, 2012 or  until the position is filled.  due to the high number of applications we receive, we ask that you please e mail your questions to writing_  search@ pitzer .edu. pomona c english, 