transylvania university, a residential liberal arts institution, invites applicants for tenure track assistant professor  position beginning in fall 2013. must have strong background in rhetorical theory, composition studies, and/ or communication with an emphasis in new media studies/digital rhetorics and be able to design and teach new  courses in this area as part of our major in writing, rhetoric, and communication (wrc). there are opportunities  for collaboration with our fine arts technology laboratory; ideal candidate will have interests in both the production  and analysis of digital texts/web based writing. should also have strong interest in at least one of the following areas: business writing, feminist rhetorical theory,  sustainability studies, organizational communication, nonverbal communication, and/or writing for social justice.  the successful candidate will participate on a rotating basis in our first year seminars and august term seminar  programs. should have excellent teaching experience and commitment to liberal education. bingham startup  grants available. we hope that candidates will show creativity, a developing track record for professional contribution,  and a willingness to serve a wide range of campus interests. as this is a new line, in a relatively new program, we are looking for someone who can help steer our program towards  a digital future. our standard load is three classes per term, with an additional course in our august or may  term. ph.d. required to be successfully defended by august 10, 2013. please focus your cover letter on how your work  connects with liberal education and offer some commentary on the types of new media writing and rhetoric  courses you might wish to add to our current wrc offerings. cover letter, cv, sample syllabi/teaching statement,  NA pieces accepted) are due by november 15 to dr. scott whiddon, search chair, at wrcjob@ transy .edu. electronic  submissions only. primary interviews will be held at mla; campus visits will be scheduled for january/early february 2013. enhancing  diversity and inclusion on our campus is a strategic priority. transylvania university is an equal opportunity  employer  and is committed to building a faculty that reflects the diversity of american society. u of louisville