the department of critical media and cultural studies at rollins college invites applications for a tenure track  assistant professor with a start date of august 2013. we seek a teacher/practitioner of investigative, public interest journalism. the annual course load is 3/3, with an  expectation of courses to include core courses in the major (e.g., introduction to media and cultural studies; senior  research practicum in critical media and cultural studies) as well as elective courses that reflect the successful  NA international journalism. the desired candidate might also teach courses linked to production of content for the college newspaper and college  radio and television stations. the most successful candidates will have digital/electronic journalism experience, ideally including web, radio, and  tv, will possess a firm grounding in critical pedagogy, and have a demonstrated commitment to issues of equity.  as our department and college are committed to the liberal arts ethos, candidates should demonstrate an ability to  work collaboratively both within the department and across disciplines. ph.d. at the time of appointment is preferred; advanced a.b.d.s will be considered only with scheduled defense  date. successful candidates must demonstrate a commitment to excellence in teaching. preference will be given to  those with a promising record of publication and/or professional journalistic experience. applicants must upload the following materials when applying for this position: (1) a letter describing teaching and research interests. (2) a curriculum vita. NA questions may be directed to: dr. denise k. cummings, chair department of critical media and cultural studies email: dcummings@ rollins .edu when needed, additional information will be requested by the committee. applications must be received by november  15, 2012. through its mission, rollins college is firmly committed to creating a just community that embraces multiculturalism;  persons from historically under represented minority groups are therefore encouraged to apply. rollins college, one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in florida, is a comprehensive, liberal arts college  located on a beautiful lakeside campus in winter park, fl, a metro orlando community. the college emphasizes  NA NA college website. u of central florida