the department of english  at the university of toronto scarborough (utsc) invites applications for a tenure  stream position in the area of medieval literature. the appointment will be at the rank of assistant professor to  begin july 1, 2013. candidates should have a phd in english  with a specialization in medieval literature. a focus on queer theory or  gender and sexuality studies, issues of religious and ethnic diversity, and or narrative would be particularly welcome.  s he will teach a variety of courses in medieval literature and culture; ideally including, in alternating years,  the introductory course critical thinking about narrative and a new historical survey of literatures in english. utsc is part of the tri campus university of toronto, a research intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary  commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of  the largest library systems in north america. the university offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and  live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. the appointment is at utsc with full membership in the tri campus graduate department of english  at the  university of toronto. the centre for medieval studies, the program in book history and print culture, and the  program in editing medieval texts foster an especially dynamic research environment for medievalists at the university  of toronto. the successful candidate will be expected to do research; graduate teaching and supervision in  the tri campus graduate program; and undergraduate teaching on the scarborough campus. applicants must demonstrate  excellence in both research and teaching. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by clicking on the following link:   .htm (job number 1201229). applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and one writing sample.  if you have any questions about this position, please e mail to medieval engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca. all application  materials should be submitted online. the uoft application system can accommodate up to five attachments (in total 10 mb) per candidate profile;  please combine attachments into one or two files in pdf ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at:     applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department chair, professor christine bolus  reichert, via e mail to medieval engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca by the closing date, november 15, 2012. please note  that preliminary interviews will take place via teleconference. for more information about the utsc department of english,  please visit our home page at   .utoronto .ca ~engdept  the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from members of visible minority groups, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members  of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates  are encouraged to apply; canadians and permanent residents of canada will be given priority. u of toronto scarborough english, 