description of postion: the department of english  at carnegie mellon invites applications for a full- NA in fall 2013. NA a diverse student body since 2004. we offer undergraduate majors in biological sciences, business administration,  computational biology, computer science, and information systems. current enrollment is approximately 350  students representing 39 countries. approximately 40% of the students are qatari. all classes are coeducational,  with 52% female students. a 2/2 teaching load will include courses within the first-year writing program as well as an occasional upper-level  course that would appeal to students as a general education elective; a professional writing minor or english  studies  minor requirement or elective; or meet a writing/ communications requirement in a major. the course would  NA appointment and rank: assistant or associate teaching professor is a nontenure-track faculty career position  with provision for renewal and promotion to associate teaching and full teaching professor. full teaching  professors must fulfill two criteria: (1) to be outstanding educators within carnegie mellon, for example, through  excellence in classroom teaching, curricular development, program leadership, and student advising and mentoring;  and (2) to be nationally or internationally known for contributions to education or to research. assistant and associate  teaching faculty must demonstrate that they will, in due course, fulfill these criteria. salary is competitive. minimum qualifications: requirements include a phd in rhetoric/ composition, professional/ technical  writing, second language writing, second language studies, or related field. knowledge and experience related  to teaching writing is also required. desired qualifications: we desire a candidate with knowledge related to teaching english  in transnational  contexts. we also desire candidates with research agendas that demonstrate synergies between their scholarship,  pedagogy, and professional development that are relevant to the carnegie mellon qatar campus. such synergies  might include, but are not limited to, studies of professional and technical writing contexts, especially global and/ or multilingual; writing in the disciplines, especially science and engineering; rhetoric of science; and new media,  especially web design and social media. we are open to social science as well as humanities methodologies. the university is especially interested in qualified candidates who can contribute, through their research, teaching,  and/or service, to the diversity and excellence of the academic community. we strongly encourage applications  from female and minority candidates.  application deadline: applicants should submit a cover letter, full dossier, and three current letters of reference  online at the link above by november 15, 2012. questions may be addressed to ms.vickie mckay vm29@ andrew  .cmu .edu, (412) 268-2850. carnegie mellon university is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. for further information about our department and university, see: http:// www .cmu .edu/ hss/ english/  [r] carnegie mellon u english, 