the department of english  at west virginia university invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor  specializing in modern american poetry. applicants must have a ph.d. by august 2013. the successful applicant  must demonstrate commitment to and potential for establishing and maintaining a strong record of excellence in  research as evidenced by an active research agenda, conference papers and publications, as well as commitment  to and potential for teaching excellence at the undergraduate and graduate levels. the teaching load for research  active graduate faculty is two courses per semester. the ability to teach the survey of american literature 1865 to  present is required, as is the ability to teach effectively upper division courses in 20th century american literature,  american poetry, and modern american poetics. the successful applicant will have opportunities to teach a broad  range of undergraduate courses and to develop graduate courses and seminars in her/ his field. the department values  intellectual diversity and demonstrated ability to work with diverse students and colleagues. the department  of english  has a faculty of 43 in literature, creative writing, socio linguistics, and composition and rhetoric, and  we offer a full range of academic programs (b.a., m.a., m.a. in professional writing and editing, m.f.a., and  ph.d.). our center for literary computing offers opportunities and support for digital humanities projects. west  NA morgantown, which is often ranked among the best small cities in the united states, is conveniently located within  driving distance of pittsburgh, columbus, and washington, d.c.  the position begins august 16, 2013. for possible interviews at mla, initial review will begin november 1, 2012;  however, applications will be considered until the position is filled. west virginia university is an affirmative action/  equal opportunity employer  and the recipient of an nsf advance award for gender equity. please send a letter of application and c.v. to: timothy sweet, chair, american literature search committee, department  of english,  po box 6296, west virginia university, morgantown, wv 26506 6296. we will request full  NA this time. email applications consisting of a single pdf file can be sent to tsweet@ wvu .edu for more information,  please visit our website:   .wvu .edu [r] west virginia u english,  po box 6296 1503 university av morgantown wv 26506