the missouri university of science and technology, formerly university of missouri rolla, invites applications  and nominations for the maxwell c. weiner distinguished professorship in english  or technical communication.  this is a one semester, endowed position for spring 2014 semester. the field of expertise in english  or technical  communication is open but preference will be given to poets or other creative writers, especially those with an  interest in contributing to our new creative writing minor. qualifications: applicants must have significant publications  in their field and university teaching experience. responsibilities: the weiner professor will present two  public lectures, lead two faculty seminar sessions, and teach one course. to apply, please provide a letter of application  and vita. generous salary is provided, commensurate with background and experience. our department offers the following degrees: b.a. and cooperative m.a. in english,  b.a. in english  education,  b.s. and m.s. in technical communication. deadline for receipt of applications is february 15, 2013 note: all application materials must include the position reference number in order to be processed. please address  your application letter to: human resources services reference number: r00029388 missouri university of science & technology hrsinfo@ mst .edu the final candidate is required to provide official transcript(s) for any college degree(s) listed in application materials  submitted. copies of transcript(s) must be provided prior to the start of employment. in addition, the final candidate  may be required to verify other credentials listed in application materials. failure to provide official transcript(s) or other required verification may result in the withdrawal of the job offer. missouri s&t is an aa/eoe and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national  origin, age, disability, or status as vietnam era veteran. females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. missouri s&t participates in e verify. for more information on e verify, please contact dhs at: 1 888 464 4218  webster u english,  470 e lockwood av st louis mo 63119