we invite applications for two assistant professor appointments, each specializing in composition and rhetoric.  interests may include (but are not restricted to) writing program administration, writing pedagogy, rhetorical or  classical theory, professional writing, quantitative or qualitative research, and/or digital literacies. the department  especially encourages applicants who bring culturally diverse perspectives to their understanding of these primary  and secondary specialties. teaching opportunities include composition and rhetoric courses at the lower and upper division and m.a. levels,  NA needs. new faculty are encouraged to propose courses to add to current composition and rhetoric offerings  and the newly proposed professional certificate program in writing and teaching. each faculty member advises  undergraduate students and serves on faculty committees. positive tenure and promotion decisions require excellent  teaching as well as research, peer reviewed publication, and participation in the broader disciplinary community. qualifications: NA studies with appropriate academic emphasis in rhetoric and composition  completed by NA NA NA technologies. NA NA rank and salary: both positions are at the rank of assistant professor, tenure track. salary is highly competitive and commensurate  with experience and qualifications. teaching opportunities exist during summer and january intersession. an   excellent comprehensive benefits package is available which includes health/ vision/ dental plans; spouse, domestic  partner and/or dependent fee waiver; access to campus child care as well as affordable housing program; and a defined  benefit retirement through the state system, along with optional tax sheltering opportunities. for a detailed  description of benefits, go to   job control number NA appointment date august 22, 2013 application procedure: submit a letter of interest addressed to the search committee, a curriculum vita, and three letters of recommendation  to: carlen pope department of english,  comparative literature, and linguistics university hall 323 california state university, fullerton fullerton, ca 92834 6868 application deadline: applications (letter of interest, c.v., and three letters of recommendation) postmarked by october 8, 2012 will  receive full consideration. applications postmarked after this date may be considered if the position is still open.  applications will be acknowledged by a letter or email. preliminary interviews will be held at the end of october  via skype appointments, and campus visits will be arranged for selected candidates the second and fourth weeks of  november. full dossier will be requested of selected candidates. for more information on the department of english,  comparative literature, and linguistics, please visit our website  at:   cal state fullerton is an equal opportunity/ title ix/503/504/vevra/ ada employer achieving a climate of success through diversity & equity california su, san bernardino english, 