NA seeks a specialist in rhetoric at the rank of assistant professor  beginning sep. 1, 2013. although we are especially interested in candidates at the assistant level, we will consider  exceptional candidates at any rank. further areas of specialization are open, but we are particularly interested in  rhetorical scholarship in the following: civic engagement, civil rights and post civil rights; new media and digital  humanities; cross cultural communication and globalization; feminism; and health care. we welcome a range of research  methods: historical, rhetorical analysis, discourse analysis, comparative, and observational (e.g., ethnography). the successful candidate will demonstrate an interest in teaching in our professional as well as academic programs.  our programs include a b.a. in professional writing, a b.s. in technical writing, an m.a. in professional writing,  an m.design in communication planning and information design (joint with the school of design), and an m.a.  and ph.d. in rhetoric. the rhetoric program also contributes required courses to the english  NA english. qualifications: ph.d. in hand by the time of the appointment in rhetoric, communication studies, english,  linguistics,  or closely related field. we will prefer candidates with a record of research publication, a record of successful  teaching relevant to our programs, and interdisciplinary skills appropriate to publishing and teaching in rhetoric  and written communication. the department particularly invites applications from members of under represented  minorities. appointment, rank, and salary: nine month, tenure track position; rank appropriate to experience; competitive  salary. the teaching load is two courses each semester. application deadline: applicants should submit a cover letter, dossier, and three letters of reference online at the link  above by november 1, 2012. candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional  materials. we plan to make a preliminary selection of potential candidates early in december and hope to meet with  candidates at the modern language association meeting in january. we anticipate campus interviews in january. questions may be addressed to ms.vickie mckay vm29@ andrew .cmu .edu, (412) 268 2850. carnegie mellon university is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. for further information about our department and university, see:   [r] dickinson c english,  po box 1773 28 n college st carlisle pa 17013