the division of world languages, literatures and cultures (dwllc) invites applications for a full-time, tenure- track assistant professor working on cultural exchange and displacement within a comparative context of migration.  applicants in literary and cultural studies or linguistics will be considered to contribute to existing departmental  needs and to a new curriculum focused on global cultural processes. the dwllc at iowa groups departments with a focus on the literary, linguistic, and cultural studies in world  languages. the person hired for this position will be appointed to one of the departments within the dwllc  and must have native or near-native fluency in english  and one or more languages appropriate to the appointing  department along with the ability and willingness to teach at all levels in that language or languages (including   arabic, chinese, french, german, hindi, italian, korean, portuguese, russian, or spanish) . ability and interest  in interdisciplinary team-teaching are required, along with a ph.d. defended by august 21, 2013 and evidence of a  strong research agenda. desirable areas of research include migration in relationship to diasporic studies, translation, media and culture,  language contact, ethnicity, or gender. the dwllc is initiating new curricula related to global cultural and linguistic exchange and flows. the person  hired for this position will be asked to participate with new and established faculty in the design and delivery of such  curricula, including the development of an introductory-level interdisciplinary course in english  on world cultures. candidates should send letter of interest, including teaching interests and experiences as well as research plans, and a  curriculum vitae to the search committee online at http:// jobs .uiowa .edu and must submit three e-mail addresses  of recommenders online to the same link. refer to requisition number 61633. review of applications will begin on  december 3rd and continue until the position is filled. interviews may be conducted by telephone or teleconference. the division of world languages, literatures and cultures and the college of liberal arts and sciences are  strongly committed to gender and ethnic diversity; the strategic plans of the university, college, division and  department reflect this commitment. women and minorities are encouraged to apply. the university is an equal  opportunity employer/ affirmative action employer.  [r] kansas kansas su english,  108 english 