the university of washington english  department invites applications for a full time, tenure track, assistant professor  position in composition and rhetoric, with second language writing as a specialization or concentration.  the appointment is to begin fall 2013. applicants should have the ph.d. degree by the start of appointment.  university of washington faculty engage in teaching, research and service. commitments to teaching at both the  undergraduate and graduate levels and to sustained research and publication in composition and rhetoric are expected.  in addition to the second language writing specialization or concentration listed above, preference will be  given to candidates who focus on one or more of the following areas: writing of diverse populations, writing across  the curriculum  writing in the disciplines, english  language studies, discourse analysis, and new media studies. as  a public institution, the university of washington seeks candidates committed to working with diverse student  and community populations; applicants are encouraged to describe in their applications how their scholarship and  teaching contributes to diverse communities. please submit application materials including a letter of application,  c.v., dossier, dissertation abstract, teaching portfolio, and writing sample to the mla interfolio bycommittee job  application web site. contact information: gary handwerk, chair, department of english,  university of washington,  padelford hall a101, box 354330, seattle, wa, 98195. priority will be given to applications received by  november 16, 2012. the university of washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  the university is dedicated  to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a  multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities,  and covered veterans. [r]  u of washington english, 