the utsa department of english  seeks applicants for a full time, open rank position in latina/o literary and  cultural studies, beginning august 2013. required qualifications: expertise in latina/o literary and cultural  studies and ph.d. in relevant area by august 31, 2013. tenure is contingent upon board of regents approval. the applicant is expected to be an active and accomplished research scholar, and to contribute energetically and  consistently to teaching, mentoring, and service in multiple degree programs, especially a ph.d. program with a  required latina/o literary and cultural studies component, offering opportunities for advanced study and research  in cross cultural and transnational approaches to language and literary studies. to be considered at the level of assistant professor, a successful applicant must be able to demonstrate clear potential  as a research scholar. to be considered at the level of associate professor, a candidate must possess a well established research profile. to be considered at the level of full professor, a candidate should be a prominent scholar in the field of latina/o  studies. the teaching load and salary are commensurate with qualifications.  application materials must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, at least one writing sample, a teaching portfolio  with sample syllabi and teaching philosophy statement, and three letters of recommendation. send materials to  latina/o literary and cultural studies search committee, department of english,  university of texas at san antonio,  one utsa circle, san antonio, tx 78249 0643. all materials, including letters of recommendation, must  be postmarked by november 15, 2012. applicants who are selected for interviews must be able to show proof that they are eligible and qualified to work in  the united states by time of hire. utsa is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer.  women, minorities,  veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [r] u of texas, san antonio english,  one utsa cir 00743 ut san antonio dept of english  mb 2.314 san antonio tx 78249