the department of english  at the university of north dakota invites applications for a tenure-track assistant  professor position in writing studies. ph.d. with emphasis in composition and rhetoric required, along with a  commitment to excellence in teaching and a potential for strong research and publication in relevant fields. und  has a well-established and stable composition program, and the successful candidate will be prepared to serve, on  a rotating basis, as academic director of composition, a position with primary responsibilities in teacher-training,  curriculum oversight, and composition instruction. the academic director works in collaboration with the administrative  NA would regularly teach graduate-level courses in composition studies and pedagogy. in years when not co-directing  the program, the candidate would have latitude to design and teach courses in other areas of interest, at both  the undergraduate and graduate levels. the department especially welcomes candidates qualified to teach a wide  NA and digital media studies. our normal teaching load is two courses a semester, with a course reduction for years in which the candidate  serves as academic director of composition. we are a thriving, active department with b.a., m.a., and ph.d.  programs in a university of 14,000 students. our annual writers conference features writers of national and international  importance (see www .undwritersconference .org). our department houses the north dakota quarterly  and floodwall, a recently founded student literary journal. please send letter, curriculum vitae, and a statement of   teaching  philosophy  to eric a. wolfe, chair, department of english,  university of north dakota, grand forks,  nd 58202-7209, or by email to kristin .ellwanger@ und .edu. first consideration will be given to applications received  by november 5, 2012. the university of north dakota recognizes the importance of responding to the  needs of dual-career couples. university of north dakota is an affirmative action/ equal employment opportunity  employer  NA advertised position. [r] ohio c of wooster english,  kauke hall 1189 beall av wooster oh 44691