the department of english  language & literature of the university of south carolina (  engl/) invites applications for an open rank (assistant, associate, or full) position in victorian literature and science.  we welcome applications from specialists in victorian literature working in any dimension of the sciences, most  broadly construed. subfields may include (but are by no means limited to) biology, ecology, economics, geology,  geography, geometry, popular science, pseudoscience, physics, psychology, zoology, and various technologies of  communication, industrial production, and transportation. applicants at the senior level (full and associate professors) should have a clear and strong record of scholarly  achievement, a commitment to teaching excellence at both the undergraduate and graduate levels, and a distinguished  record of service to their institutions and the profession which would justify an appointment with tenure.  junior level applicants should be able to demonstrate exceptional potential as researchers and teachers. NA commitment  to excellence through interdisciplinary scholarship. rank and salary will be determined based on credentials  and experience. full and associate professors should submit a cv, letter of interest, and contact information for at least three people  familiar with the candidate's work and willing to provide a letter of reference. applicants at the assistant level,  should submit a cv, letter of interest, dossier, and a writing sample of approximately 25 pages. please direct all materials  to: william e. rivers, chair department of english  language and literature university of south carolina columbia, sc 29208. for full consideration, application materials must be postmarked or received no later than november 2, 2012. the university of south carolina's main campus is located in the state capital, close to mountains and coast. the  carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching has designated the university of south carolina as one of  NA also lists usc as having strong community engagement. the university has over 29,500 students on the main  campus (and over 44,500 students system wide), more than 350 degree programs, and a nationally ranked library  NA center of an increasingly sophisticated greater metropolitan area with a population over 750,000.  the university of south carolina is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  minorities and women are  encouraged to apply. the university of south carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment opportunities  or decisions for qualified persons on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability,  sexual orientation or veteran status. tennessee east tennessee su lit & lang, po box 70683 johnson city tn 37614