college of liberal arts composition and rhetoric: the department of english  at the university of southern indiana invites applications  for a tenure-track assistant professor in composition and rhetoric. ph.d. in composition and rhetoric completed by  august, 2013. the ideal candidate will have scholarly and teaching interests in professional and technical writing.  expectations include undergraduate teaching, publication, and departmental service. teaching duties (4/4) include  NA freshman composition: the english  department of the university of southern indiana invites applications for a  renewable, non-tenure-track faculty in composition (4/4 load) beginning august 2013. minimum requirements:  m.a. in english  and college-level teaching experience. graduate coursework in rhetoric and composition preferred.  NA to apply, please follow the directions on our www .usi .edu/hr/employment page to log in or set up an account.  when you select the apply to this job link near the top of this page, you will be prompted to complete the appropriate  faculty/ administration application. when completing the application, you will be given the opportunity to  attach the additional documents required for this position, which include (1) letter of application; (2) curriculum  vitae; (3) statement of teaching philosophy 4) contact information for three current references; and 5) unofficial  transcripts. materials should be provided electronically within this web-based applicant system and to the attention  of the search committee chair. candidates selected for interview are required to provide unofficial transcripts, with  official transcripts required at a later stage. review of applicants will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. the university of southern indiana is an equal opportunity, affirmative action educator and employer  that values  diversity, respects differences, and provides a sense of belonging and inclusion. valparaiso u english,  1409 chapel dr valparaiso in 46383