purdue university calumet in hammond indiana has an opening in the department of english  and philosophy  for a tenure track assistant professor of 19th and 20th 21st century british literature to start on august 19, 2013.  completed phd in english  or closely related field is required by the time of appointment. candidates able to offer  advanced undergraduate classes and masters level seminars in romantic, victorian, modern, and contemporary  british literature are encouraged to apply. class size is typically between 20 and 25 students. regular duties include  teaching, participation in departmental and university committee work, and ongoing engagement in scholarly research.  purdue calumet provides release time for scholarship and support for travel. faculty will have the opportunity  to participate in interdisciplinary and experiential teaching. purdue university calumet is an academically comprehensive regional university, part of the world class purdue  university system. it is located in hammond, indiana, less than 25 miles southeast of downtown chicago near  the shores of lake michigan, with easy access to such major research libraries such as the newberry and the regenstein.  NA wide range of fields including the liberal arts; natural, behavioral, and social sciences; and professional programs  for nursing, management  business, and education, as well as such traditional purdue strengths as engineering and  technology. the student body of approximately 10,000 is diverse, with an enrollment that includes some 31 percent  minority students, and more hispanic students than any other indiana university or college. purdue calumet serves  both commuter and residential students, with apartment style student housing facilities.  apply through interfolio using the link above. submit by december 1, 2012, a cover letter, cv, writing sample  (up to 20 pages), three letters of recommendation, and transcripts (unofficial ones accepted at this point). review of  completed applications begins november 15, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. a successful background check is required for employment in this position purdue university calumet is an equal access, equal employment opportunity, affirmative action employer  committed  to a diverse workplace [r] u of notre dame english, 