assistant professor of creative non fiction rollins college winter park, fl the department of english  at rollins college seeks a tenure track assistant professor of creative non fiction  with a start date of august 2013. the annual course load of the candidate will be 3 3, with an expectation of  courses in writing, advanced style, composition, introductory literature, and the core of the english  major and  writing minor. a ph.d. or m.f.a at the time of appointment is preferred; a.b.d.s will be considered. successful candidates must  provide evidence of excellence in teaching along with a strong record of publication. interested applicants must apply online via the college's employment website, www .rollinsjobs .com, and upload  the following materials merged together as follows: (1) a letter of application describing teaching and writing interests (2) a curriculum vita questions may be directed to: philip deaver  chair, search committee email: pdeaver@ rollins .edu when needed, additional information will be requested by the committee. review of applications will begin november  1, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. interviews will be conducted at mla. through its mission, rollins college is firmly committed to creating a just community that embraces multiculturalism;  persons from historically under represented minority groups are therefore encouraged to apply. rollins offers a generous benefits package featuring comprehensive health insurance coverage, generous paid time  off, retirement savings plan with generous employer  contribution after one year, full tuition waiver after one year  for employees, spouses, domestic partners and dependents. rollins college, one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in florida, is a comprehensive, liberal arts college  located on a beautiful lakeside campus in winter park, fl, a metro orlando community. the college emphasizes  innovative and quality teaching in small classes, and ranks number one among 121 southern master's level universities  in the annual rankings of "america's best colleges," released by u.s. news & world report. u of miami english, 