the department of english  at samford university seeks a department chair, effective august 2013. samford university  is the largest privately supported and fully accredited institution of higher education in alabama. located  in suburban birmingham, the university was founded in 1841 and has nearly 300 full time faculty and over 4800  students. qualifications: ph.d., and rank of associate or full professor required. the successful candidate will have a demonstrated  record of department and university leadership, including directing academic programs, serving on major  committees, participation in accreditation activities, and involvement in the development of new programs and initiatives.  a strong record of scholarly publication and excellence in teaching is also expected. area of expertise: the area of specialization is open, although candidates with expertise in american or american  ethnic literature, postcolonial literature, medieval literature, or creative writing are particularly encouraged. duties: department chairs are responsible for curriculum development, faculty mentoring and evaluation, assessment  NA academic and professional standing. the department chair should lead by example in teaching, research, and service,  and should be active in professional organizations. salary: competitive, commensurate with qualifications and experience. department of english:  the department has 7 full-time faculty and approximately 75 majors. outstanding fiction  writers and poets regularly give readings as part of the samford visiting writers series. a fast-growing film track  has expanded department offerings and attracted new majors. in addition to the film concentration, the department  has recently added a creative writing concentration within the major. english  faculty regularly teach at the daniel  NA applications: please submit to interfolio via the link above a letter of application, curriculum vitae, recent writing  sample, one-to two-page statement of teaching and leadership philosophy, and three letters of recommendation. the search committee will begin reviewing applications on october 15, 2012, and continue until the position is  filled. the city samford is located in the metropolitan area of birmingham, alabama, which has a population of about one million,  and features such cultural attractions as the alabama symphony orchestra, birmingham ballet, opera birmingham,  the birmingham museum of art, the birmingham civil rights institute, as well as the alabama  shakespeare festival in montgomery. samford participates in a consortium that includes three other liberal arts  institutions in the birmingham area and the university of alabama in birmingham to provide educational opportunities  to students at each campus that are beyond the resources of any single campus. NA is an equal opportunity institution and welcomes application for employment and educational programs from  all individuals regardless of race, color, sex, disability, or national or ethnic origin. u of alabama