general summary: the department of english  language and literature invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor in  rhetoric and writing, beginning fall 2013. qualifications: we are seeking a colleague who values teaching, research, and service to serve as the associate director of the  first year writing program in the department of english  language and literature at eastern michigan university.  the associate wpa is a faculty position which includes partial release for administrative purposes. candidates must  hold a phd in composition and rhetoric (or a related field) by august 2013. scholarship and experience in writing  program administration also required. the ideal candidate will also have expertise in online and technology mediated  pedagogy. secondary interests might also include comparative rhetorics, language policies, cultural rhetorics,  or disciplinary literacies.  special instructions to the applicants: applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, a statement of teaching philosophy, and a statement of administrative  philosophy. review of applications will begin october 26, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. for more information contact the search committee chair dr. steven d. krause, search committee chair, 612  pray harrold hall, eastern michigan university, ypsilanti, mi 48197. if contacted, you will be asked to present official transcripts of your highest degree earned at the time of interview. all attachments must be attached when submitting the application. they cannot  be revised or added once the application has been submitted. emu enrolls approximately 23,000 students and offers an outstanding benefits package and a collegial work environment.  NA first, and nationally recognized undergraduate and graduate student research achievements set it apart. the  emu campus is located in the ypsilanti/ann arbor community, five miles from downtown ann arbor and 35  miles west of detroit, mi and windsor, ontario. eastern michigan university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. eastern michigan u english, 