applications are invited for an open rank (tenured or tenure track) position in writing studies. we are looking  for a colleague with expertise in writing studies and composition theory who will contribute to our research and  teaching in this area. specific expertise in workplace and technical writing, intercultural rhetoric, global englishes,  or digital rhetoric would be an asset. applicants for this position should have a record of outstanding research  achievement commensurate with their experience and a strong teaching record; a proven history of securing external  research funding will also be considered an asset. the successful candidate will be offered a wide range of  teaching experiences, from first year undergraduate courses through to graduate teaching and supervision of doctoral  students. in addition to undergraduate programs in literature and in rhetoric and professional writing, the  department (www .english  .uwaterloo.ca) offers new undergraduate specializations in digital media studies and in  english  literature in a global context. we also offer a new ma in experimental digital media (xdm), in addition  to our innovative ma programs in literary studies and rhetoric and communication design. our unique  phd program integrates literary studies with fields of media theory and design, composition, rhetoric, and discourse  and text analysis. since the department enjoys an integrated research culture, competence in a second area,  such as critical theory, semiotics, linguistics, or a field of literary study, is also welcome. the current teaching load  is 2 + 2, which normally includes one graduate course. the successful candidate will regularly teach relevant courses in new faculty level, professional masters degrees  in public service (mps) or digital experience innovation (mdei) as well as graduate and undergraduate courses  in english.  the mps degree prepares students from different undergraduate backgrounds to be effective public  service employees at the federal, provincial or municipal level (www .mps .uwaterloo.ca). the mdei degree is a  project based, interdisciplinary program that trains future leaders in digital media industries (www .stratfordcampus  .uwaterloo .ca/programs/ mdei). the successful candidate will be invited to help shape one or the other of these  programs. the university of waterloo is a research intensive public institution, with the largest and most successful  NA NA please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and/or electronic portfolio, and arrange  for three letters of reference to be sent to: dr. fraser easton, chair, department of english  language and literature,  university of waterloo, waterloo on n2l 3g1 canada. email: englishchair@  uwaterloo.ca. consideration of applications  will begin on october 15th, 2012. an appointment date of july 1st, 2013 is preferred. all qualified candidates  are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. the university  of waterloo encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible minorities,  native peoples and persons with disabilities. this appointment is subject to the availability of funds. [r]  overseas institutions city u of hong kong english,  kowloon tong kowloon na hk