general summary: the department of english  language and literature at eastern michigan university invites applications for a tenure- track assistant professor in writing with an emphasis in technical communication, beginning fall 2013. qualifications: we seek a colleague who will teach undergraduate and graduate courses in technical communication, contribute  to curriculum development in technical and professional communication, and strengthen the program's outreach  efforts, which include internship programs and collaborations with business and industry. the ideal candidate will  hold a phd in technical and professional communication, rhetoric and composition, or a closely related field by  august 2013. preferred candidates will have professional experience in the field, scholarship, teaching experience,  and/or a research program reflecting a commitment to technical and professional writing. the ideal candidate will  also have expertise in online pedagogy and course development. secondary interests might include digital or computational  rhetorics, rhetorical genre studies, organizational or cross-cultural rhetorics, user experience, and user- centered design. all applications must be made online at https:// www .emujobs .com. applicants should submit a letter of interest, a  cv, a statement of teaching philosophy, three letters of reference, and a writing sample. review of applications will begin on october 15, 2012, and continue until the position is filled. for more information contact the search committee chair, dr. derek mueller, derek .mueller@ emich .edu, 612  pray-harrold hall, eastern michigan university, ypsilanti, mi 48197. if contacted, you will be asked to present official transcripts of your highest degree earned at the time of interview. all attachments must be attached when submitting the application. they cannot  be revised or added once the application has been submitted. emu enrolls approximately 23,000 students and offers an outstanding benefits package and a collegial work environment.  NA first, and nationally-recognized undergraduate and graduate student research achievements set it apart. the   emu campus is located in the ypsilanti/ann arbor community, five miles from downtown ann arbor and 35  miles west of detroit, mi and windsor, ontario. eastern michigan university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. grand valley su english,  1 campus dr, 230 lhh allendale mi 49401