the department of english  at the university of massachusetts lowell seeks energetic and collaborative colleagues  and outstanding teachers for two full time, non tenure track lectureships. while these are not tenure track lines,  they are renewable positions with full time salary, benefits, professional development, and the possibility of promotion  to senior lecturer after six years.  these two faculty members will take leading roles in the english  department's development of an online b.a. in  english.  this degree will complement the department's thriving undergraduate major (which serves nearly 400 undergraduate  students and houses 36 full time faculty). these lecturers will work closely with other full time faculty  to implement an innovative on line curriculum, while also developing new courses in their areas of expertise. these positions will begin mid year (january 2013); the first semester will include no teaching responsibilities: the  department has committed the first semester to an intensive acculturation and planning process in which the lecturers  will collaborate with colleagues to develop and refine the course offerings for the online degree. following  the program launch in fall of 2013, most teaching will be online, with occasional face to face courses in the faculty  members' areas of expertise. the successful candidates together will provide significant coverage from among the  following areas: british literary traditions, american literary traditions, world literatures in english,  creative writing,  and professional and technical writing. responsibilities for the positions will include the following: NA  teaching core courses for the online degree  teaching occasional online and face to face courses in area of expertise  collaborating with colleagues to author innovative and challenging online courses  providing professional development and support to ensure best practices in online pedagogy and assessment  advising online majors and assessing student portfolios  fostering a robust community around the department's online teaching and learning  working with department chair to oversee and manage online schedule and enrollment  carrying out department service and committee work. located along the merrimack river 30 miles north of boston, the university of massachusetts lowell serves a diverse  population of 13,000 students in over 120 degree programs. it is also a leader in innovative on line education,  boasting a well established curriculum of over thirty online undergraduate and graduate certificates and degrees.  the city of lowell is the birthplace of the american industrial revolution as well as jack kerouac, and is home to  a national historical park and a vibrant local arts and culture scene. the university encourages its students to engage  in interdisciplinary thinking, service, and experiential learning. minimum qualifications:  earned doctorate in english  or related subject  5 years of experience teaching online at the college level other considerations:  demonstrated expertise in online teaching and program development or research in online pedagogy  primary or secondary specialty and ability to develop and offer courses in one or more of the following areas:  american literary traditions, british literary traditions, world literatures in english,  creative writing, professional  and technical writing  demonstrated excellence in teaching  excellent communication skills [r] wellesley c english,  106 central st wellesley ma 02481