hood college seeks applicants for the sophia m. libman national endowment for the humanities professor with a  NA a reduced course load, and will also plan, budget and manage the yearly neh center for the humanities colloquium,  a series of public and educational events organized around a particular interdisciplinary theme each year. the sophia m. libman professorship is an ideal position for a beginning scholar whose interdisciplinary interests include  NA those of a beginning assistant professor. employment begins in august 2013; phd must be completed by that time. for additional information about the position, hood college, and the center for the humanities, please visit www  .hood .edu. applications must be submitted online via the hood website at https:// re11 .ultipro .com/ hoo1003/ jobboard/  jobdetails .aspx?_ _id=*c1caae565d5f9a01. candidates should fill out only the required fields on the online form, and should upload the following attachments:  a cover letter (describing interdisciplinary teaching experience and interests, as well as qualifications to lead  the humanities colloquium), a cv, and three letters of recommendation. the letters of recommendation may be  submitted separately by third parties, either electronically to robertsv@ hood .edu................................., or in hard copy to libman professor  search, c/o vanessa roberts, human resources department, hood college, 401 rosemont ave., frederick,  md 21701. applications are due by november 15, 2012. inquiries may be directed to the search committee chair,  dr. emilie amt, at eamt@ hood .edu. hood college is committed to diversity and subscribes to a policy of hiring only individuals legally eligible to  work in the united states. hood college does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, national origin, sexual orientation, marital  status, pregnancy, disability, religion, or age in recruitment, admission and access to, or treatment, or employment  in its programs, services, benefits, or activities as required by applicable laws including title ix of the educational  amendments of 1972 and section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and complies with the law regarding reasonable  accommodation for disabled applicants and students. inquiries about discrimination or reasonable accommodation  should be referred to the title ix and section 504 coordinator at alumnae hall, 401 rosemont avenue,  NA policy, please visit www .hood .edu/ non-discrimination. loyola u maryland