the english  department at the university of connecticut, stamford campus, invites applications for a ft (9mo.)  tenure track faculty position at the level of assistant professor, with a specialty in ameriacan literature and a  strong emphasis on african american literature, to start fall 2013. minimum qualifications: ph.d. in english  or   realted field by 8 23 2013; expertise in some combination of american literature at large and african american  literature; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship and effective teaching and mentoring at the  undergraduate  graduate levels; and evidences of engagement in institutional and or professional service. preferred  qualifications: expertise  experience in digital humanities and or ethinic studies and or american studies; ability  to teach courses in pre 1800 literature; one or more publications in national  international journals; and the ability  to contribute through research, teaching, and or public engagement to the diversity and excellence of the learning  experience. equivalent foreign degrees are acceptable. selected candidate will teach introductory and upper  division courses in american literature and african american literature and survey and general education courses  at stamford, and will have the opportunity to teach graduate seminars in her or his field(s) of expertise at the storrs  campus. appointment is at stamford campus with possibility of work at storrs and or other regional campuses. salary  is competitive based on qualifications. visit us at www .english  .uconn .edu and www .stamford .uconn .edu. apply to husky hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu to submit your cover letter, cv, evidence of teaching experience, and  NA department of english,  stfd search, 215 glenbrook road, unit 4025, university of connecticut, storrs, ct  06269 4025. screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. the university  of connecticut is an eeo aa employer. u of connecticut english, 