 the department of writing and rhetoric at the university of central florida is seeking an experienced writing  program administrator to serve as composition program director (internal title). applicants must have a phd in  rhetoric and composition or related field at the time of hire, experience serving in some administrative capacity,  and at least three years of experience teaching college composition. although both assistant and associate professors will be considered, applicants with tenure at their current institutions  will be given preference. preferred candidates will also have a strong record of scholarship relevant to writing  program work; expertise and interest in using digital media in composition classrooms, and building innovative  online writing courses; a record of facilitating professional development opportunities for faculty; and a demonstrated  NA scholarship of the field. this is a 9-month position with a 2/1 load, supported by a non-tenure track instructor/coordinator. the program  director will work closely with the department chair and the program directors of writing across the curriculum  and the university writing center to help support the implementation of a comprehensive, vertical writing experience  for ucf students. the composition director should be willing to build on the existing vision of enc 1101. the department of writing and rhetoric employs 10 tenure-line rhetoric and composition faculty members and  29 instructors in its ongoing efforts to build a flagship writing program that includes an undergraduate minor and  certificate, an ma, a graduate certificate, the university writing center, and the writing across the curriculum  program. the targeted start date is august 8, 2013, but the position will remain open until filled. to be considered, applicants  must apply online at https:// www .jobswithucf .com (position #32339). please attach the following documents  at the time of application: cover letter, curriculum vitae, administrative philosophy, and list of three references with  contact information. at a later date, candidates may be asked to submit a writing sample and teaching portfolio.  the selected candidates will be required to provide official transcripts. the university of central florida is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. note: please have all documents ready when applying online so they can be attached at that time. once the online  submission process is finalized, the system does not allow applicants to submit additional documents. for more information, contact elizabeth wardle, department chair at ewardle@ ucf .edu or see http://  writingandrhetoric .cah .ucf .edu. the committee will begin reviewing applications on november 9, 2012. this position is open until filled. [r] u of central florida