the department of english  at texas a&m university invites applications for a tenured position at the associate  professor rank in digital shakespeare studies to begin in the fall of 2013. applicants must have a ph.d. in a relevant  field and a substantial scholarly record in both shakespeare studies and digital humanities as well as ongoing  research initiatives in these areas. the successful candidate will teach a 2/2 load, including undergraduate and  graduate courses in shakespeare as well as a range of courses in early modern literature and digital humanities.  the dh courses will contribute to the offerings of the digital humanities certificate. the successful candidate  will also assume the role of executive editor of early modern digital projects at the initiative for digital humanities,  media, and culture (idhmc), including the world shakespeare bibliography, digital donne, emop (the   early modern ocr project), and the digital cervantes and quixote iconography projects. the idhmc, in collaboration  with the visualization department (the only one in the country) and computer science, is developing  sophisticated data analysis and visualization capacities to work with one of the largest digitized collections of early  NA applicants should submit as pdfs a letter of application specifying how the applicant's work advances research  and teaching in shakespeare studies and digital humanities, together with a cv, by e-mail to robert griffin  (rjgriffin@ tamu .edu). applicants should also have 3 letters of recommendation sent to professor griffin. we will  begin reviewing applications on november 12 and continue until the position is filled. interviews will be held at  the mla. minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. texas a&m is an aa/eeo employer,  committed to  diversity, and responds to the needs of dual-career couples. visit the english  department and idhmc websites at:  http:// www-english .tamu .edu/ and http:// idhmc .tamu .edu. [r] texas tech u