the english  department at the university of connecticut, storrs campus, invites applications for a ft (9 mo.)  tenure track faculty position at assistant professor level, with a specialty in nature writing (non u.s.) and strong  interests in environmental studies and digital humanities, to start fall 2013. minimum qualifications: ph.d. in  english  or other appropriate field; expertise in non u.s. nature writing, digital humanities, and environmental  studies; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship and effective teaching and mentoring at the  graduate  undergraduate levels; and evidence of engagement in institutional and or professional service. preferred  qualifications: experience with digital mapping programs; ability to teach and conduct research in some broader  field(s) of study; publication(s) in national  international journals; and the ability to contribute through research,  teaching, and or public engagement to the diversity and excellence of the leanring experience. equivalent foreign  degrees acceptable. selected candidate will teach upper division courses and graduate seminars in her or his field(s)  of expertise, as well as occasional survey  general education courses, continbute to uconn's new environmental  studies program, and, in concert with other new departmental hires and with uconn's digital media center, help  us develop significant digital components in our research, teaching, and public programming. appointment is at  storrs campus with possibility of work at regional campuses. salary is competitive based on qualifications. visit us  at www .english  .uconn .edu , www .dmc .uconn .edu, and www .ecohusky .uconn,edu  outreach  env studies .html. apply to husky hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by submitting your cover letter, cv, evidence of teaching experience,  NA interim head, department of english,  nw env search, 215 glenbrook road, unit 4025, university of connecticut,  storrs, ct 06269 4025. screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is  filled. the university of connecticut is an eeo aa employer. wesleyan u english, 