 NA and african american literary arts, to begin in fall 2013. we seek a writer (of poetry, fiction, and/or creative nonfiction)  whose artistic and critical work is engaged with the histories, literary arts, and cultures of people of african  descent, particularly in the united states. we are especially interested in candidates whose work explores the intersections  of creative practice, research and issues of social justice. we seek candidates who are interested in teaching  workshop based courses as well as modeling for students what it can mean for writers to engage with literature  through critical and theoretical lenses. at least two years of college level teaching, a terminal degree (mfa or phd), an active interest in critical pedagogy,  and a record of publication are essential. the creative writing program is part of the school for interdisciplinary  NA NA robust collegial atmosphere depends on close collaboration, and collective openness to experimentation and artistic  cross pollination. hampshire is committed to building a diverse creative community and energetically invites applications from  scholar artists who are underrepresented in the academy. we offer a competitive salary and an excellent benefits  program. the deadline for application submission is friday, october 19, 2012. applicants should submit a cover  NA unique experimenting environment; a one page statement of teaching philosophy; a current curriculum  vitae; a writing sample of no more than fifteen pages; and the names and contact information for three recommenders  via our website at:   *please note that we will accept, in addition to your online application, hard copies of your writing sample (only) if  you feel your work is best represented in this way. these materials can be mailed to us at: search committee assistant professor of creative writing and african american literary arts NA hampshire college 893 west street amherst, ma 01002 hampshire college is an equal opportunity institution, committed to diversity in education and employment. harvard u