george mason university invites applications for a director of our nationally recognized writing across the curriculum  (wac) program. NA writing-infused courses and programs, and additional curricular initiatives. the wac director supervises a full- time assistant director, collaborates with the composition and writing center directors, and will work closely with  NA we are seeking a dynamic individual who can provide leadership and vision for the program. candidates should  have a strong commitment to educational excellence; knowledge and experience implementing and assessing writing  across the curriculum; and demonstrated administrative experience, particularly in communicating effectively  with faculty and administrators from various disciplinary backgrounds. candidates possessing the rank of associate professor or higher are strongly preferred, although highly qualified  assistant professors will be considered. as a member of the english  department faculty, the director joins an accomplished  group of specialists in rhetoric and composition. it is expected that candidates will have a strong record in  both effective teaching and scholarship, with a particular commitment to wac scholarship. although a fully participating  member of the english  department, the wac director reports to the associate provost for undergraduate  education. review of applications will begin october 1, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. to submit an application,  go to http:// jobs .gmu .edu and apply for position number f9558z. applications should include a cover letter,  NA about our wac program (wac .gmu .edu): NA the top programs in the country. we are proud to trace our program roots to the highly regarded and nationally  known northern virginia writing project, which has been providing k-12 wac faculty development since 1977.   our strong wid-focused writing center and a required upper-division advanced composition course focused on  writing in and across the disciplines are also integral to wac program success. our university-wide, discipline- embedded, writing assessment process has been recognized as a model program by wpa and ncte. the program  has served as a model for, and continues to be integrated with, our students as scholars undergraduate research  initiative. about our english  department (english  .gmu .edu): with approximately 75 full-time faculty, our department is home to nationally recognized graduate and undergraduate  programs, offering a phd in linguistics; an mfa in creative writing; an ma with concentrations in  professional writing and rhetoric, the teaching of writing and literature, folklore, literature, and linguistics; and undergraduate  minors or concentrations in all of these areas as well as film and media studies, cultural studies, native- american and indigenous studies, and african-american studies. a proposed phd in writing and rhetoric is has  been approved at the university level and is under final review by the state board of education with a start date of  fall 2013. [r] george mason u english, 