to expand and further develop a thriving professional writing major and help design an innovative general education  program driven by first year writing, york college of pennsylvania seeks a tenure track rhetoric and  composition teacher  scholar at the assistant or associate level. we seek a specialist in composition pedagogy, assessment,  or administration; multimodal composition; writing centers; or writing across the curriculum  writing in  the disciplines. the successful applicant will join a collegial and nationally active community of writing faculty, shape the future  and centrality of writing in the new general education curriculum currently under development at york college,  NA such as writing in professional cultures, digital writing, interdisciplinary writing, document design, rhetorical  theory, experiential learning, and professional editing comprise the professional writing major, an integral  NA and humanities department, and students are also offered teaching and tutoring of  writing to work in their field as peer tutors and writing fellows in the writing center. the proposed general education  curriculum seeks to combine written, oral, and visual communication as well as information literacy into  two holistic, foundational courses and develop a first year seminar and interdisciplinary constellations of courses.  all of these courses will provide novel teaching opportunities for writing faculty. minimum credentials: ph.d. in rhetoric and composition by time of appointment, documented experience in and  commitment to excellence in teaching and advising, a program of productive scholarly activity, and a commitment  to campus service. york college is an independent college with nearly 4,600 full time and over 600 part time undergraduate students  and approximately 250 graduate students. students are from more than 30 states and 15 countries and have access to  NA on 1) teaching with close faculty  student interaction (faculty teach 4 courses per semester), 2) high quality and affordability,  3) a pragmatic and results oriented approach to academic excellence, and 4) a professional curriculum in  a liberal learning environment. located in york county on a beautifully landscaped and meticulously groomed campus in south central pennsylvania,  the college is located just over an hour from baltimore washington international airport and two hours  from philadelphia and washington. the city of york and surrounding area have a population of 100,000 with a  county population that exceeds 400,000. review of materials will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. for full consideration of applications,  please send a letter of interest and c.v. by october 17. york college is committed to building a diverse  college community and encourages members of under represented groups to apply. send letter of interest and c.v. in pdf format to: employment@ ycp .edu applicants whose candidacies warrant further review will be contacted for additional materials. york college is an equal opportunity employer.  NA contact the office of campus safety or visit the website:   department publications  annual security report. [r] york c of pennsylvania  english & humanities, 441 country club rd, york, pa 17403   assistant associate professor of rhetoric and composition 17586     to expand and further develop a thriving professional writing major and help design an innovative general education  program driven by first year writing, york college of pennsylvania seeks a tenure track rhetoric and composition  teacher scholar at the assistant or associate level. we seek a specialist in technical communication, grant  writing, science writing, or new media. industry experience is welcome.  the successful applicant will join a collegial and nationally active community of writing faculty, shape the future  and centrality of writing in the new general education curriculum currently under development at york college,  NA such as writing in professional cultures, digital writing, interdisciplinary writing, document design, rhetorical  theory, experiential learning, and professional editing comprise the professional writing major, an integral  NA writing to work in their field as peer tutors and writing fellows in the writing center. the proposed general education  curriculum seeks to combine written, oral, and visual communication as well as information literacy into  two holistic, foundational courses and develop a first year seminar and interdisciplinary constellations of courses.  all of these courses will provide novel teaching opportunities for writing faculty.  minimum credentials include a ph.d. in rhetoric and composition by the time of appointment, documented experience  in and commitment to excellence in teaching and advising, a program of productive scholarly activity, and a  commitment to campus service.  york college is an independent college with nearly 4,600 full time and over 600 part time undergraduate students  and approximately 250 graduate students. students are from more than 30 states and 15 countries and have access to  NA on 1) teaching with close faculty student interaction (faculty teach 4 courses per semester), 2) high quality and affordability,  3) a pragmatic and results oriented approach to academic excellence, and 4) a professional curriculum in  a liberal learning environment.  located in york county on a beautifully landscaped and meticulously groomed campus in south central pennsylvania,  the college is located just over an hour from baltimore washington international airport and two hours  from philadelphia and washington. the city of york and surrounding area have a population of 100,000 with a  county population that exceeds 400,000.  review of materials will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. for full consideration of applications,  please send a letter of interest and c.v. by october 17. york college is committed to building a diverse  college community and encourages members of under represented groups to apply.  send letter of interest and c.v. in pdf format to: employment@ycp.edu  applicants whose candidacies warrant further review will be contacted for additional materials.  NA contact the office of campus safety or visit the website:   department publications annual security report. [r] rhode island