NA department invites applications for a tenure track faculty position. appointments at  all ranks will be considered, but the preference is for junior faculty at the rank of assistant professor. this position  will begin in the fall of 2013. a ph.d. in literature by august 2013 is required, with expertise in british romanticism  and /or film and media studies. welcomed subspecialties include composition theory, rhetoric, and creative  writing. the united states naval academy (usna) is a four year undergraduate institution with a mission to prepare  midshipmen morally, mentally, and physically for commissioning as officers in the naval services. the institution  1) provides an accredited undergraduate education and officer accession program for the nation, 2) is an historic national  landmark with over one million visitors per year, and 3) is a host to national and international events, many  of which are open to the public and attended by the highest representatives of government.  in pursuit of academic excellence, the naval academy fosters an educational environment that supports and encourages  midshipman learning and critical thinking through innovative teaching methods that address a variety of  learning styles. we seek outstanding civilian and military faculty and staff from all segments of society, and provide  them with the necessary support resources to enable midshipmen to achieve academic success. our goal is to  provide a stimulating environment that instills a passion for lifelong learning and imbues our midshipmen with the  intellectual curiosity and analytical rigor needed to be in the forefront of technological advances and global understanding  in a rapidly changing and diverse world. tenure-track faculty teach at all levels of the curriculum, including sections of our freshman rhetoric and introduction  to literature sequence. while this sequence is required of all our first-year students, we individually design  our own sections. the naval academy also has a comprehensive major in english.  we are especially interested in  candidates who have the ability and desire to teach writing within the context of literature courses. the typical teaching responsibility is 9 hours per semester (1 section upper-level literature course and 2 sections of  freshman literature and composition) applications in the form of a cover letter and a cv including professional experience relevant to the position should  NA the united states naval academy does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex  (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status,  genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or  other non-merit factor. massachusetts boston u english,  236 bay state rd boston ma 02215