the department of english  at west virginia university invites applications and nominations for the endowed  george and julia bates welch jackson, mary m. jackson and julia bates jackson nichols chair of english  in literature,  rhetoric, or cultural studies. we seek a dynamic scholar who will contribute significantly to our graduate programs,  NA is less important than demonstrated excellence in research and teaching. the department is particularly interested  in senior or rapidly rising mid career scholars of national reputation and with research agendas capable of attracting  graduate students and external funding. the west virginia university department of english  maintains programs  in literature, creative writing, and professional writing and editing, as well as the west virginia dialect project  and the center for literary computing. it is of highest importance that the jackson professor be able to work across  the many areas of strength in our department and build synergies between them. the position entails significant  service and leadership responsibilities and carries benefits commensurate with an endowed professorship at west  virginia university. applications from advanced associate professors are welcome. this appointment has a starting date of august 16,  2013. for possible interviews at mla, initial review will begin november 1, 2012; however, applications will  be considered until the position is filled. west virginia university is an affirmative action  equal opportunity  employer  and the recipient of an nsf advance award for gender equity. the department welcomes nominations for the jackson chair. applications should include a letter of interest and a  NA nominations and applications should be mailed to: james harms, chair, jackson search committee, department  of english,  po box 6296, west virginia university, morgantown, wv 26506 6296. email applications  consisting of a single pdf file can be sent to jharms@ wvu .edu [r] west virginia u english, 