applicants are invited for the position of head of the department of english  at western kentucky university. the  department currently has 37 full time faculty and offers a wide range of courses (literature, composition & rhetoric,  creative writing, linguistics, tesl, and film) leading to the ba or ma degree. the department is home to a  national writing project site, victorians journal of culture and literature, the independent press steel toe books,  the center for robert penn warren studies, and the jim wayne miller celebration of writing. our students partner  with faculty to produce the creative writing journal zephyrus and to host two annual conferences: the undergraduate  conference on literature, language, and culture, which takes place each fall, and a spring conference  showcasing the work of our first year writing students. among our recent graduates are three fulbright fellows  and two students currently working in teach for america and the peace corps. the department expects to hire a colleague with proven experience in administration and faculty development, a  teacher scholar who practices a leadership style that promotes collegiality and cuts across conventional disciplinary  boundaries. the successful candidate will articulate a bold vision for a department that equally values undergraduate  general education and advanced study of writing and literature. applicants for this position must hold the doctorate in english,  composition and rhetoric, professional technical  writing, or creative writing, with a strong record of teaching and scholarship and or creative work. demonstrated   NA at the rank of associate or full professor in the department. rank and salary are negotiable and dependent on qualifications  and experience. regular teaching assignment for the department head is 1 1. review of applications will begin november 1st, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. the successful  candidate will be expected to begin on july 1, 2013. to apply, send a letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, and a philosophy of teaching and administration  to: eric bain selbo NA dept. head department of philosophy and religion western kentucky university 1906 college heights blvd. #31086 bowling green, ky 42101 1086 potential applicants are invited to learn more about our department at   western kentucky university does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation,  disability, age, religion, or marital status in admission to career and technical education programs and  or activities, or employment practices in accordance with title vi and vii of the civil rights act of 1964, title  ix of the educational amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, revised 1992, and the  americans with disabilities act of 1990. persons with disabilities, who need reasonable accommodations to participate in the application and or selection  process, should notify the office of equal opportunity affirmative action university ada services at (270) 745  5121, a minimum of five working days in advance. [r] louisiana loyola u, new orleans english, 