ursinus college invites applications for a director of our re-conceptualized writing and speaking program. the director  will build on an existing writing program and enhance it by adding a speaking/ oral presentation component.  NA speak using disciplinary conventions as well as taking ideas and arguments that are discipline specific and presenting  them to various audiences. the director will support programing for students as they move from our required first- year student seminar, the common intellectual experience (cie), through the curriculum to the capstone courses  and our required writing-intensive and oral presentation requirements in the individual major departments. ideally, the director of the program will have a ph. d in rhetoric and composition or equivalent experience with  a background in persuasion and argumentation, as well as administrative and writing center experience. this is a  three-year administrative position reporting to the vice president for academic affairs, with visiting faculty status,  depending on qualifications, and the possibility of renewal. the director will train and supervise students to work  with their peers, reach out to academic departments, conduct workshops for faculty, develop and administer an assessment  plan, and teach one course per semester including the student fellows preparation course. established in 1869, ursinus college is a highly selective, independent liberal arts college with a tradition of academic  excellence and a strong commitment to undergraduate research in a student body of approximately 1,650.  the campus is located in collegeville, pa, 25 miles from center-city philadelphia. ursinus college is an eeo/ aa employer.  send application letter, c.v., statement of teaching philosophy, three confidential letters of recommendation,  and transcripts to dr. rebecca jaroff, chair, department of english,  ursinus college, collegeville, pa  19426-1000. applications received by november 9, 2012 will receive full consideration. villanova u