the department of literatures in english  at connecticut college invites applications for a tenure-track assistant  professorship in nineteenth-century  american literature. we welcome applications from scholars specializing in  any period before 1900, from the pre-national and early national periods to the end of the century. candidates  should have experience teaching in multiple genres and demonstrate familiarity with american cultural expression  in its diverse forms. preference will be given to candidates whose research and teaching interests include the natural  environment and ecological considerations and will strengthen the department's connections with the natural and  social sciences, and especially with the college's interdisciplinary environmental studies program and the goodwin- niering center for the environment. all members of the department teach courses at all levels. connecticut college is a private highly selective institution with a demonstrated commitment to outstanding faculty  teaching and research. recognizing that intellectual vitality and diversity are inseparable, the college has  embarked on a significantly successful initiative to diversify its faculty, student body, and curriculum. the college  seeks creative scholars excited about working in a liberal arts setting, with its strong focus on engaged teaching,  participation in shared governance, and active involvement in an institution-wide advancement in diversity. NA and research, the college offers tenure-track faculty in their probationary period a summer stipend for the  first two years; a supplementary research fund; and a semester's sabbatical with full pay after a successful third-year  review. ph. d. is required, but candidates close to completion of their degrees may be considered. applicants are requested  to send a letter detailing their research and teaching interests, a curriculum vitae, and a short writing sample (20 pp.  maximum) to prof. janet gezari, chair, department of literatures in english,  connecticut college, 270 mohegan  avenue, new london, ct 06320. three confidential letters of recommendation should be sent under separate  cover to the same address. completed applications (including confidential letters of recommendation) received in  the department by november 1, 2012 will receive full consideration. email inquiries can be sent to janet .gezari@   conncoll .edu. applications will be accepted in hard copy only; please do not send application materials via email.  interviews will take place at the mla convention. [r] trinity c english, 