the department of english  at west virginia university seeks a tenure-track assistant, advanced assistant, or associate  professor in professional and technical writing, starting august 2013. we have established writing programs at  both the undergraduate and graduate levels and we seek a scholar and teacher eager to help us expand our programs. professional and technical writing. the department of english  offers an undergraduate minor  and concentration along with an ma in professional writing & editing. we are interested particularly in a candidate  who can enhance our focus on professional/ technical writing, editing, digital media, and/or rhetorical theory.  interest in grant writing, internship coordination, and/or interdisciplinary work is desirable. as a research faculty   member, this candidate will also contribute to our graduate-level focus on rhetorical theory. the teaching load is  NA august 15, 2013; strong evidence of a productive research agenda; demonstrated potential for teaching excellence at  the undergraduate and graduate levels; and an ability to teach with technology. for the rank of associate professor,  it is expected the candidate will possess a robust publication record including six or more articles or a book length  publication. deadline. we will begin reviewing applications october 1, 2012, and will accept applications until the position  is filled. we will acknowledge all applications and plan to conduct initial interviews via skype or phone. west virginia  university is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer  and the recipient of an nsf advance  award for gender equity. application. please send a letter of application and c.v. to pwe search committee, department of english,  po box 6296, west virginia university, morgantown, wv 26506-6296. additional materials may be requested  later. for more information, please visit our website: www .english  .wvu .edu e-mail applications consisting of a  single pdf file can be sent to brian .ballentine@ mail .wvu .edu nominations of outstanding potential candidates are welcome. [r] wisconsin beloit c english, 