the department of english  at santa clara university invites applications for a tenure track position in rhetoric  and composition with an interest in public writing  writing for publication. successful candidates must have a  strong commitment to both teaching and research, and be able to establish an active research program. teaching  responsibilities may include introductory first year critical thinking and writing courses and advanced (upper division)  courses in areas such as argumentation, writing and social justice, writing for teachers, practicum in tutoring  composition, or business writing. the successful candidate will teach 6 courses spread over three quarters. a course  release for research in place of the 7th course of the regular seven course teaching load should be assumed. qualifications: applicants must have a ph. d. in english,  with a strong preference for an emphasis in rhetoric and  composition although a closely related field may be considered, and will, optimally, have at least 4 years of college  or professional teaching; must have demonstrated excellence in teaching theory and composition, including first  year composition; must have demonstrated abilities as an active scholar; and must be committed to working with  undergraduates. the following qualifications would be important in the ideal candidate:  NA courses NA undergraduate focused institution. NA NA with program administration or assessment NA department of english  at santa clara university applicants are invited to visit the university's web site at www .scu .edu for fuller description of the position, and  for descriptions of the university's mission, our department, the multicultural student population we serve, and the  learning opportunities we offer. santa clara university is committed to the strategic goal of enriching the quality  of our community of scholars by increasing diversity among faculty, staff, and students. application procedure: applicants should send electronic copies of the following: (1) letter of application; (2) curriculum vitae; (3) official graduate transcripts, (4) three letters of recommendation;  (5) sample syllabi, (6) recent teaching evaluations, (7) personal statement(s) covering teaching philosophy, research  plan that could be implemented at an institution that serves only undergraduate students in english,  and experience  working with people of diverse cultures and identities, (8) at least one example of representative scholarship  e.g. published article or book chapter, dissertation chapter, video or audio recording of an artistic performance etc.  (as long as one has the copyright privilege to use said recordings). these materials should be sent to english@  scu  .edu. the body of the email message should address the department of english  search committee, santa clara  university, 500 el camino real, santa clara, ca 95053. inquiries can be sent by email to jhawley@ scu .edu and  sbillings@ scu .edu. applications must be received by 5 pm pst on 10 31 12. while electronic submissions are  strongly preferred, if some materials must be sent by postal service, please send these to department of english  search committee, santa clara university, 500 el camino real, santa clara, ca 95053. stanford u english, 