NA the american university of kuwait (auk) is a private university in kuwait organized on the u.s. model of  undergraduate liberal arts education. the medium of instruction is english.  the university is accredited by the  council for private universities of the kuwait ministry of higher education. auk also has a memorandum of  understanding with dartmouth college in hanover, nh. auk admitted its first students in september 2004 and  currently has approximately 1,900 students and over 130 ug faculty members. auk is seeking faculty members  in english  (position code no. 12-201-mla09): open rank, ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or linguistics  NA considered but must show evidence of degree completion prior to appointment. specialization in developmental  writing, multilingual writers, and/or interest in developing and using innovative writing technologies a plus. must  demonstrate familiarity with best practices in teaching college-level writing. responsibilities include teaching undergraduate  writing courses such as developmental writing, freshman composition, research writing, and professional  writing to a diverse student body. application instructions: application packages are to be submitted electronically to faculty@ auk .edu .kw (attachments must not exceed  10 mb per e-mail). the package should contain the following: NA a suitable basis for performance in the position for which they are applying; 2) a current cv; 3) statement on research and service and statement of teaching methodology, including curricular development  that the individual has initiated and executed; 4.) copies of teaching evaluations if available; 5) the names and addresses, both electronic and postal, of three referees; in completing your application, please quote position code number. incomplete applications will not be considered.  for full consideration, applications should be reviewed by february 3, 2013. visit the auk website (www .auk .edu.kw) to learn about the degree programs, university facilities, and campus  life. yonsei u