the agnes scott college department of english  invites applications for a tenure-track position at the level of assistant  professor in creative writing with a specialization in poetry. desirable secondary fields include creative nonfiction,  fiction, and cross-or multi-genre work. the successful candidate will be expected to teach 200-and 300-level  courses in poetry and creative writing and will participate in and help shape a strong creative writing program  NA NA member teaches one first-year english  course each year and contributes occasionally to the first-year seminar  program. we seek an active writer-scholar with a significant and promising publishing record and a commitment  to undergraduate liberal arts learning. candidates must have the mfa or phd in creative writing in hand by august,  2013. to apply send letter, cv, and three recent letters of recommendation to christine cozzens, chair of the  department of english  through interfolio via the mla job information list or at englishsearch@  agnesscott .edu  NA NA applications is october 30, 2012. agnes scott college is a highly selective, independent national liberal arts college for women located in metropolitan  atlanta, a cosmopolitan and ethnically diverse region with a vibrant cultural life. the college is committed  to providing its faculty with a supportive academic environment that includes a balance of teaching, research, and  service. excellence in undergraduate teaching, the establishment of an effective and sustainable research program,  and service to the department and the college are necessary for tenure and promotion. support for faculty development  includes travel funding, a one-semester research leave at full pay after successful completion of the third-year  review, a post-tenure sabbatical program, and the opportunity to apply for many internal professional development  awards. agnes scott college enrolls a socially and economically diverse student body, and has a strong commitment  to diversity. the college urges members of underrepresented groups to apply. eoe. www .agnesscott .edu [r] berry c english, 