applications are invited for a tenure track position in the arts and humanities division at babson college. we  seek to hire an assistant professor with a ph.d. in comparative literature, or with a ph.d. in english  plus qualifications  to teach literature originating in at least one other language or culture. candidates must have completed their doctorate by the time of appointment and provide evidence of scholarly  promise. candidates must be qualified and willing to teach in our foundation program, which includes any newly  conceived introduction to the humanities and social sciences (the likely replacement of the existing ahf and hsf  courses), as well as the occasional rhetoric course. beyond teaching, duties include research and professional service  within the college and community. NA babson .peopleadmin .com materials for submission include: 1) letter of application, 2) vita that includes teaching, research, and work experience,  and 3) 3 letters of recommendation. college summary: babson college, located fourteen miles west of boston, is an independent school of management that takes a unique  approach to preparing undergraduates, graduate students, and working professionals for the challenges of the modern  NA develop multidimensional abilities that prepare them to make important contributions to business and society.  our students understand that economic and social value creation are not mutually exclusive, but instead are integral  to each other. the fundamental business skills and entrepreneurial mindset they cultivate at babson equip them to  make a difference on campus and around the world. babson has nearly 2,000 full time undergraduate students and more than 1,300 full and part time graduate students.  our highly diverse student body hails from 45 u.s. states and 57 countries. non u.s. students comprise  more than 20% of undergraduates and more than 40% of our full time graduate students. babson offers a bachelor  of science degree, ms and mba programs, and executive education programs worldwide. we seek faculty who are aligned with our values of teaching excellence, collaboration, diversity and inclusiveness,  and those who embrace our mission to educate leaders who create great economic and social value everywhere. we  seek candidates who are eager to engage as educators among a diverse student community. college wide faculty requirements: we are looking for an accomplished teacher  scholar with: NA NA NA cross disciplinary context; NA NA  NA and inclusion; and NA babson is an equal opportunity employer.  [r] bentley u english  & media studies, 175 forest st aac 091 waltham ma 02452