the university of chicago society of fellows is now accepting applications for four year postdoctoral teaching  appointments as harper and schmidt fellows who hold the rank of collegiate assistant professor. the fellows are  members of the college faculty whose primary responsibility is to teach in the general education (core) program. core courses in the humanities typically deal with fundamental issues and texts in history, philosophy, and literature.  currently, the core is organized into seven year long sequences: readings in world literature; human  being and citizen; greek thought and literature; philosophical perspectives on the humanities; media aesthetics;  reading cultures; and language and the human. for a description of these sequences see:   .uchicago .edu/ humanities .shtml core courses in the social sciences explore, on the basis of significant works, the fundamental concepts and the  different modes of inquiry that have defined the social sciences in the modern period. currently, fellows teach in  four of the year long sequences into which the core is organized: self, culture and society; classics of social and  political thought; and power, identity, and resistance; and social science inquiry. for a description of these sequences  see:   some fellows also teach in the history of european civilization core sequence. european civilization is taught  on the basis of intensive readings of significant primary source documents. for a description of the sequence see:   the positions are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization who will have completed all requirements  for their ph.d. degree no later than august 31, 2013. candidates must demonstrate excellence in their original  scholarship as well as in teaching. in most years, fellows teach two courses (usually of identical preparation) for each of three quarters. each fellow  also has the opportunity to design an independent course and each is eligible for one quarter of research sabbatical  NA appointments is september 1, 2013.  to apply for these positions, please see our web site at   accept applications beginning september 10, 2012. on line applications must be completed by thursday, november 1, 2012. letters of recommendation must be submitted online or received in a dossier by thursday,november 15, 2012. the university of chicago is an affirmative action, equal opportunity  employer u of toronto english, 