texas tech university, a research institution with 32,000+ students, seeks a tenure track assistant professor of applied  linguistics to start fall 2013. we are interested in hiring a dynamic person to contribute to the teaching and  research missions of our m.a. in applied linguistics program and to coordinate a small undergraduate program in  chinese and japanese language. candidates working in any area of applied linguistics will be considered. a strong  reading knowledge of chinese or japanese is preferred. the candidate should have a demonstrated interest in language  in use (how languages are learned or taught). new faculty are expected to be engaged in scholarship or creative activity that attracts outside funding in the form  of fellowships, grants, exhibits, etc. responsibilities include an ongoing program of research and commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching.  this faculty member will, if qualified, mostly teach graduate courses in applied linguistics, and may occasionally  teach chinese or japanese language courses at the undergraduate level. the faculty member will also coordinate  NA candidates who have a strong record of scholarship and some experience in program supervision or direction. service  to the department, college, and university is expected. must have doctorate in hand by beginning of appointment.  apply online at jobs .texastech .edu requisition # 87186. send letter of application, cv, teaching philosophy, three letters of reference, and sample publications to lloyd  allred, attn. applied linguistics search committee, department of classical and modern languages and literatures,  texas tech university, po box 42071, lubbock, texas, 79400 2071. review of applications begins november  15, 2012, but applications will continue to be accepted until the position is filled. as an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer,  texas tech university is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse faculty  committed to teaching and working in a multicultural environment. we actively encourage applications from  all those who can contribute, through their research, teaching and/or service, to the diversity and excellence of the  academic community at texas tech university. texas tech university does not discriminate on the basis of race,  color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, sex, disability, or status as a u.s. veteran. we welcome applications  from all qualified candidates and consider the needs of dual career couples. texas tech u english, 