the department of english  at the university of toronto scarborough (utsc) invites applications for a full time  teaching stream appointment in creative writing. the appointment will be at the rank of lecturer and will commence  july 1, 2013. the ideal candidate will have a strong record of publishing fiction and/or creative nonfiction, or the production of  original plays or screenplays. candidates must have a phd in english  and/or mfa/ma in creative writing, demonstrated  excellence in teaching literature and creative writing at the university level, and a demonstrated commitment  to the scholarship of teaching and learning as it pertains to creative writing. the successful candidate will also  be expected to engage in service activities in the department. appointments at the rank of lecturer may be renewed annually to a maximum of five years. in the fifth year of  service, lecturers shall be reviewed and a recommendation made with respect to promotion to the rank of senior  lecturer. senior lecturers have continuing appointments. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and  experience. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by clicking on the following link:   .htm (job number 1201230). applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and one writing sample.  if you have any questions about this position, please e mail to cw engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca. all application materials  should be submitted online. the uoft application system can accommodate up to five attachments (in total 10 mb) per candidate profile;  please combine attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at:    applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department chair, professor christine bolus  reichert, via e mail to cw engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca by the closing date, november 15, 2012. please note that  preliminary interviews will take place via teleconference. utsc has an interdisciplinary commitment, and a multicultural student body speaking a wide range of languages.  the university of toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research, and live in one of the most diverse  cities in the world. for more information about the department of english,  please visit our home page at   .ca/~engdept/ the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from members of visible minority groups, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members  of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates  are encouraged to apply; canadians and permanent residents of canada will be given priority.  u of toronto, mississauga english 