the concentration of composition studies and professional writing in the department of english  at the university  of memphis invites applications for a tenure track position at the rank of assistant professor to begin fall 2013.  we seek a colleague with research interests and demonstrated expertise in composition pedagogy and theory,  especially as they relate to race/diversity and writing, basic writing, college high school connections, or writing   program development. established in 1999, the ba, ma, and phd degree programs in composition studies and  professional writing include an array of undergraduate and graduate courses addressing the roles for writing in  technology, science, medicine, academia, and public discourse as well as courses in rhetorical theory and composition  pedagogy. we seek a colleague excited to participate in strengthening programs founded on the interrelationships  among discourse, rhetoric, and writing. requirements include a phd in writing studies, rhetoric and composition, or related discipline. additional requirements  include: NA NA NA NA new faculty will be expected to advise graduate students, to pursue research productivity, and to teach undergraduate  and graduate courses. salary and teaching load will be competitive. we anticipate conducting phone  interviews starting in december; candidates for whom phone interviewing is a handicap may request alternative  interviewing arrangements. review of applications will begin oct. 30, and may continue until positions are filled. to apply, candidates should submit all application materials online   #). application materials include: NA NA NA NA NA NA candidate will be required to submit official transcripts upon hire. the university of memphis, a tennessee board of regents institution, is an equal employment/affirmative action  employer.  we urge all qualified applicants to apply for this position. appointment will be based on qualifications  as they relate to position requirements without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age,  disability, or veteran status. we seek candidates who will contribute to the positive climate of diversity in the department  and in the university, in which students and faculty facilitate constructive dialogue in the classroom and  community to inspire responsible citizenship in a diverse world. u of memphis english, 