the department of literature within the division of arts & humanities at the university of california, san diego  (http:// literature .ucsd .edu) seeks candidates for the rebeca hickel endowed chair in elizabethan and early modern  literature, whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity  and inclusion in higher education. preference will be given to scholars at the associate or full professor level. we welcome candidates who have demonstrated the highest standards of scholarly contribution and professional  activity; who will actively participate in our department's multilingual, transnational projects; whose methodological  interests could include cultural studies, materialist approaches (corporeal and economic), and multilingual examinations.  ability to teach courses on such topics as early modern drama, early modern poetry and prose, a survey  of british literature, and the age of empires, is desirable. special interests, such as global shakespeare, transatlantic  british literary studies, and transnational literary projects, are especially welcome. demonstrated commitment to  excellence by providing leadership in teaching, research, and service towards building an equitable and diverse  scholarly environment is preferred. faculty members teach and supervise students at the undergraduate and graduate level. the level of appointment  will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. to apply : submit all application documentation using  NA please apply the following to your application: NA required documents: 1. a cover letter, 2. current cv, 3. contact names and requested information (click on prompt to contact references, which generates an email to  references), 4. writing samples. upload .doc or .pdf format. request dossier services to upload reference letters to your online  application web page, 5. a personal statement summarizing contributions to diversity and leadership. contribution to diversity statements  could include an attention to diverse learning needs, engaging learning fields of diverse communities, pedagogical  methods that address learning needs of students from diverse backgrounds, awareness of inequities in education  and research, track record of specific activities that address and mitigate inequities, follow-up of positive impact on  under-represented students, and specific plan of activities and follow-up at ucsd (http:// facultyequity .ucsd .edu/  faculty-applicant-c2d-info .asp). proof of authorization to work in the u. s. will be required prior to employment (immigration reform and control  act of 1985). ucsd is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer  with a strong institutional commitment  to excellence through diversity.  u of california, santa barbara english, 