technical and professional writing: the candidate should be a specialist in technical and professional writing, with  an interest in developing courses that emphasize document design, visual rhetoric, and workplace writing studies.  applicants should be willing to participate in the university's first year composition program or develop courses  to meet general education requirements including the first and second year seminar. the department seeks a  colleague committed to the ongoing development of its expanding writing and writing studies minor and concentration,  as well as the development of an ma program in composition rhetoric. the candidate joins a vibrant  campus supportive of writing that includes a thriving writing center, writing across the curriculum program, and  undergraduate research program. the ideal candidate demonstrates interest in working with a diverse student  body and offers expertise that complements the program's current strengths. such expertise might include but is not  limited to secondary specialization in rhetorical theory, history of rhetoric, new media studies, or second language  writing studies. required minimum qualifications: phd in composition rhetoric or equivalent field, with a scholarly focus on technical and professional writing. preferred qualifications: applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and to working in a multicultural  environment that fosters diversity. they should also have an ability to use technology effectively in teaching and  learning, the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher  education. special instructions to applicants: applications received by oct. 15, 2012 will be given preference. position will remain open until filled. salary: commensurate with qualifications and experience. to apply: interested applicants should apply online at   bridgewater state university is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer  which actively seeks to increase  the diversity of its workforce. [r] hampshire c