 we offer up to three two-year residential postdoctoral teaching fellowships in the areas of humanities and the arts  NA d.f.a., m.f.a., or equivalent terminal degree must have been received within 20 months up to and including august  2013. fellows will teach seven courses over a two year period, engage in scholarship or creative work, participate  in a two year colloquium, work with a vu faculty mentor, and interact with representatives from a national  network of church related institutions. faculty privileges, $46,800 stipend per year plus benefits, professional fund.  NA application deadline: november 1, 2012. eoa/aa  modern language association job information list NA contents information for candidates............................................................. i mla annual convention............................................................... iii list of administrations censured by the aaup .............................. v departmental job listings us colleges and universities................................................................ 1 canadian institutions........................................................................ 108 overseas institutions......................................................................... 109 nonacademic listings........................................................................ 111 postdoctoral listings......................................................................... 111 published by the modern language association in cooperation with the association of departments of english  NA information for candidates the december list contains information on vacancies from departments of english, comparative literature, and linguistics in us and  canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises.  guide for using the job information list us and canadian departments the main body of the list, arranged in alphabetical order by state, contains information on definite or possible  vacancies, comments on notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position has been filled),  NA read through this section item by item to see which departments would welcome your letter of application or inquiry  at this time. send letters  only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your qualifications. if a notice states  that no vacancies are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates,  you  must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write. general advice for candidates be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and other material) is ready to be sent out by your  placement bureau to any department that requests it. prepare and duplicate a one-page vita sheet to enclose with  any letters of application or inquiry. in your letter of application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be  NA NA while it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, you should be aware that hiring goes on all year.  surveys indicate that only about half of all english and foreign language departments have begun recruiting by the  end of december and that the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting process until spring, in some  cases until summer. bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her search for a new position to a particular geographical  area or kind of institution is most likely to find a position. do not discount the small colleges where one often  has the opportunity to teach a wide selection of courses to students of varied backgrounds. notice on tenure policies the modern language association recommends that department administrators and their representatives inform  candidates before or during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position under consideration  and about the tenure policies and practices in their departments and institutions. if the information is not offered,  candidates are urged to inquire about these policies. acknowledgment of applications acting on a recommendation from the mla delegate assembly, the mla executive council has adopted a policy  calling for departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions. mla policy on the reimbursement of job seekers the following policies were recommended by the delegate assembly in december 1999 and approved by the mla  executive council in february 2000. it is mla policy that NA applicants for the cost of such shipment; and  NA NA reimburse applicants for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other materials; and NA NA invitations for the costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the campus for interviews.  mla annual convention NA will be located in the american ballroom, 4th floor, westin copley place, for both english and foreign languages. job candidates,  departmental administrators, and representatives who wish to use the facilities of the job information center must be registered for the  convention. the following services will be provided: 1. mla convention location information. information about interview locations at the annual convention can now  be submitted online in advance of and during the convention, so interviewers no longer have to come to the  job information center in person unless they are interviewing there. the information is used by mla staff  members at the job information center to help individual job seekers who have scheduled interviews find the  location of their interviews; it is not made available online, and job seekers are not permitted to browse interview  location information in any form. interviewers can log in with their department id and two-letter jil  submission password at www.mla.org/jil_dept and provide any of the following information to help scheduled  interviewees locate the interview and, if necessary, contact the interview team: location of interviews (either  the interview area at the job information center or a hotel, including room number), name of interviewer(s),  and cell phone number of interviewer(s). interviewers who do not submit their information online must come  to the job information center to provide the information. interviewers using the interview area at the job  information center must come to the interview area in person to have a table assigned. the sign-in desk will  be open from 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. on 3 january, from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on 4 and 5 january, and from  8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon on 6 january.  2. interview area. for the convenience of departmental representatives and candidates, there will be an interview  area for english and foreign languages within the job information center. interviewers who wish to use this  area should schedule their own interviews either by letter before the convention or by leaving messages at the  message center. table assignments in the interview area, which will be open from 8:00 a.m. until 7:00 p.m. on  3 january, from 8:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. on 4 and 5 january, and from 8:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon on 6 january,  will be given to departmental representatives on a first-come, first-served basis. mla staff members will be  on duty in the area to assist interviewers and candidates. 3. counseling service. the job information center counseling service affords job seekers the opportunity to discuss  individual employment problems with experienced department administrators. although counselors cannot  help candidates obtain interviews, they can and will offer objective, concrete advice on such matters as the  appropriate content and presentation of vitae and letters of application, the kinds of institutions to which candidates  might most profitably apply, and realistic approaches to job interviews. counselors will be on hand at  the center to speak with interested candidates starting at 8:45 a.m. on 4 and 5 january. appointments can be  arranged through the staff member on duty in the interview area of the job center. 4. vacancy notices. a list of job openings received too late to be included  in the december job information list  will be posted on bulletin  boards in the job information center. departmental representatives who have last- minute vacancies should submit detailed descriptions of these to an mla staff member in the center, who will  see that they are posted on the boards. such notices may also appear in the february job information list so that  candidates who do not attend the convention will have an opportunity to apply. although every effort will be made to assist candidates and interviewers in the job information center, it should be noted  that the mla does not have the facilities for introducing candidates and interviewers who have not corresponded before the convention. there is very little open interviewing at the convention. job candidates who do not have prearranged interviews  should not plan to attend for the sole purpose of seeking employment. meetings of interest to job candidates and interviewers at the mla convention 4. preconvention workshop for academic job seekers in foreign languages NA 5. strategies for members of search committees in foreign languages NA  6. preconvention workshop for job seekers in english NA 85. career opportunities in two-year colleges NA 149. demonstration interviews for job seekers in foreign languages NA 215. myth-busting the job search NA NA NA 438. non-tenure-track faculty members in the modern languages: issues and directions NA 524. thinking success outside the classroom: the phd as preparation for diverse career opportunities NA 534. using your language proficiency and cultural expertise in a federal government career NA 578. private-sector careers and the language and literature phd NA  list of administrations censured by the american association of university professors note: the following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from academe by permission of the american association  of university professors and in accordance with the action of the mla delegate assembly.  investigations by the american association of university professors of the administrations of the institutions listed  below show that, as evidenced by a past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized principles of  academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this association, the association of american colleges and universities,  and more than 150 other professional and educational organizations. the 1940 statement of principles on academic  freedom and tenure may be found in the may-june 1990 issue of academe. this list is published for the purpose of informing association members, the profession at large, and the public that  unsatisfactory conditions of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. names  NA placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure is visited either upon the whole of the  NA the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. this censure does not affect the eligibility of  nonmembers for membership in the association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution  in question. members of the association have often considered it to be their duty, in order to indicate their support of the principles  violated,  to refrain from accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. since  circumstances differ widely from case to case, the association does not assert that such an unqualified obligation  exists for its members; it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions  NA the association leaves it to the discretion  of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. the censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. reports were published as indicated by the bulletin  NA NA NA NA NA NA NA phillips county community college (arkansas) (may 1978,  NA NA NA american international college (massachusetts) (may-june 1983,  NA metropolitan community colleges (missouri) (march-april 1984,  NA NA NA NA NA NA southeastern baptist theological seminary (north carolina)  NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA albertus magnus college (connecticut) NA 63) .............................................. 2000 NA NA  NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA clark atlanta university (february 2010) .................................... 2010 university of texas medical branch at galveston (april 2010) .. 2010 bethune cookman university ...................................................... 2010 louisiana state university, baton rouge .................................... 2012 northwestern state university of louisiana .............................. 2012 southeastern louisiana university .............................................. 2012  alabama auburn u