north carolina state university college of humanities and social sciences the department of english  at north carolina state university seeks to make a tenure track appointment in digital  humanities. the successful candidate will have the opportunity to help build the digital humanities curriculum  in undergraduate and graduate programs in english  and in the interdisciplinary doctoral program in communication,  NA technology rich research triangle area, and with industry and foundation partners. the candidate will join a department with an established track record of digital scholarship in fields including  digital archives, virtual environments, textual editing and criticism, physical computing, and linguistics. in recent  years, faculty have received funding in all of these areas from a number of public and private agencies. our digital  NA nc state libraries, which are nationally known for their excellence in providing innovative research support and  data curation. the newly formed research triangle digital humanities collaborative, a collaboration between nc state, the  university of north carolina at chapel hill, duke university, and the national humanities center, offers further   opportunities for research and curricular initiatives. the english  department at nc state offers a wide array of  programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels: a b.a. and m.a. in english,  an m.s. in technical communication,  NA department also offers an interdisciplinary ph.d. program in communication, rhetoric, and digital media. NA as maintaining an active research and publication program and participating in professional and university service.  there will be opportunities for leadership and program administration (with corresponding reductions in teaching  load). we particularly welcome candidates whose research and teaching interests can help us develop one or more  areas of existing strength within our department: creative writing, film, linguistics, literature, and rhetoric. NA or related field, area open; track record of excellence in digital scholarship  NA instructions for applicants: please use the nc state university employment web portal (  search for position 00002010 to apply; we cannot consider applications submitted in any other way. go to the  posting directly by using this link,   antony h. harrison, department head, and referencing the position title open rank professor in digital humanities  and position number, 00002010), cv, and contact information for at least three references. three letters  of reference, a writing sample, and teaching materials and evaluations may be requested later. screening of applications  will begin october 1 and will continue until position is filled. aa/eoe. north carolina state university is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer  welcoming applications  from members of under represented groups and all persons without regard to sexual orientation. for  ada accommodation, contact stephanie mcbroom ( 919 513 0391) or stephanie_ mcbroom@ ncsu .edu. [r] wake forest u english, 