the english  department at the university of connecticut, storrs campus, invites applications for a ft (9mo.) senior  faculty position (at the advanced associate  full professor level) from individuals with a national  international  reputation in british and or american literature and with notable accomplishments in digital humanities, to  start fall 2013. minimum qualifications: ph.d. in english  or other appropriate field; expertise in some area or  areas of british and or american literature and in digital humanities; distinguished publications in literary studies;  national  international visibility and leadership in digital humanities; record of effective teaching and mentoring  at the undergraduate  graduate levels; and evidence of engagement in institutional and or professional service.  perferred qualifications: strong record of successful grant funding; compatibility with research strengths of current  faculty; one or more published monographs; and the ability to contribute through research, teaching, and or public  engagement to the diversity and excellence of the learning experience. equivalent foreign degrees acceptable. selected  candidate will teach upper diviison courses and graduate seminars in her or his field(s) of literary expertise  and, in concert with other new deparmental hires and with uconn's digital media center, help us develop significant  digital components in our research, teaching, and public programming. appointment is at storrs campus with  possbility of work at regional campuses. visit us at www .english  .uconn .edu  and www .dmc .uconn .edu . apply to husky hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by uploading cover letter, cv, evidence of teaching experience, and  NA department of english,  sr hd search, 215 glenbrook road, unity 4025, university of connecticut, storrs, ct  06269 4025. screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. the university of  connecticut is an eeo aa employer. u of connecticut english, 