the english  department at south dakota state university is accepting applications for a full time, tenure track  assistant professor of english  to teach courses in 19th century  british literature, including courses in romantic  and victorian literature. minimum qualifications are a ph.d. in english  with an emphasis in 19th century  british  literature in hand by august 15th, 2013 as well as effective written and oral communication skills and effective  interpersonal skills. emphasis must be demonstrated in each of the following ways: 1) ph.d. level coursework  in 19th century  british literature; 2) written and/or oral qualifying exams in 19th century  british literature;  and 3) a dissertation project focusing on issues pertaining to 19th century  british literature. also must demonstrate  the following: ability to teach courses in 19th century  british literature, including courses in romantic  and victorian literature; ability to teach introductory survey of british literature from 1785 present; ability to  teach courses in composition or technical communication; potential in scholarship and publication; willingness  to develop and teach distance education courses; and interest in developing community outreach and/or service  learning programs. experience or training in one or more of the following areas desired: ethnic studies; digital  NA scholarship, advising, and departmental, college, and university service. salary is commensurate with qualifications.  application deadline: november 1st, 2012. for more information, contact dr. bruce brandt ( 605 688 4058) or  bruce .brandt@ sdstate .edu. to apply, visit   employment process. paper and e mail applications will not be accepted. applicants will submit a letter of  application, a cv, and the names/ contact information of three references. sdsu will not be interviewing at the  mla in boston. for questions on the electronic employment process, contact sdsu human resources at (605)  688 4128. sdsu is an aa/eeo employer.  we encourage women and members of minority groups to apply. [r] tennessee u of tennessee, knoxville english, 