the department seeks a tenure-track assistant professor of english  with a specialty in film studies, to start in fall  2013. desirable secondary interests include media studies, performance studies, drama, and/or shakespeare. the  teaching load is five courses per year on a two-semester schedule. the candidate will teach across the curriculum  (viewable at http:// www .dickinson .edu/ academics/ programs/ english/  curriculum-and-courses/) and at all   undergraduate  levels, including introductory, upper-level, and methodological courses in the analysis of literature,  as well as first-year seminars and a yearlong capstone course for the senior thesis. at dickinson, every member of  the department teaches at all levels, and innovation in both teaching and scholarship are prized. candidates should  have the ph.d. in hand by july 2013, when the appointment begins, or soon thereafter. dickinson college is a private, selective, liberal-arts college of about 2,400 undergraduate students located in central  NA hours) of baltimore, washington, philadelphia, and new york. the college is known and respected for its international,  interdisciplinary, and sustainability programs. salary and benefits are competitive, support for travel to conferences  and for research is generous, and sabbatical (every six years) support includes pre-tenure leave. we encourage candidates to visit the college website at www .dickinson .edu and familiarize themselves with  the department and college as a whole. applicants should submit an electronic cover letter and curriculum vitae  through https:// jobs .dickinson .edu by november 9, 2012. we will make requests for dossiers and writing samples  if appropriate, hold preliminary interviews by skype, and invite finalists to campus in early 2013. the college is  committed to building a representative and diverse faculty, administrative staff, and student body. we encourage  applications from all qualified persons. [r] juniata c english,  1700 moore st huntingdon pa 16652