the department of english  at washington state university seeks applications for a tenure-track assistant professor  of english  at its tri-cities campus with a research specialty in nineteenth-and/or twentieth-century  american  literature and the ability to teach transnational literature across both periods. the position requires a ph.d. in english,  comparative literature or other related field with an emphasis in nineteenth-or twentieth-century  american  literature; degree required by 1 july 2013. the position begins in august 2013. preferred secondary areas of emphasis  include post-colonialism, global literatures, and multiethnic literature. the successful candidate will teach lower-and upper-division undergraduate courses in nineteenth-and twentieth-century  literature at the tri-cities campus while also having the opportunity to teach specialized graduate courses  to pullman campus students. in each case the department maintains a strong commitment to interdisciplinary,  transcultural curricula in literary studies. teaching may also include undergraduate courses in world and comparative  literature, cultural studies, humanities, and other areas of interest. service on m.a. and ph.d. committees,  including the directing of dissertations, is expected. strong candidates will show evidence of excellent scholarly  potential; demonstrate the ability to teach successfully at the college level, work in diverse, multi-cultural communities,  and contribute to the goals and growth of the department. the department of english  combines a strong research orientation with a commitment to high-quality instruction.  the graduate program in pullman offers m.a. and ph.d. degrees in english  and american literature and rhetoric  and composition. faculty teach a standard 2/2 course load, but new faculty are eligible for reduced teaching loads  prior to tenure review to develop their research programs. a range of research and travel funding is available for  faculty at all levels. the following application materials are required and should be submitted through the online system. letter of  application (cover letter), curriculum vitae, and a writing sample (maximum 20 pages). three (3) letters of   recommendation  are required and will be automatically requested and obtained from the reference provider automatically  through our online application system at to https:// www .wsujobs .com (position #116039). only electronic  application materials will be processed. screening of application materials will begin october 15, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. application  materials should be received no later than november 16, 2012 to be considered. wsu is an equal opportunity/  affirmative action educator and employer.  members of ethnic minorities, women, vietnam era or disabled  veterans, persons with a disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. western washington u english, 