department of english,  po box 32052, 224 sanford hall, boone nc 28608 the department of english  at appalachian state university seeks nominations and applications for the position of  chairperson. the chair administers the academic, advising, personnel, and budgetary affairs for over 400 majors, 46  tenured and tenure track faculty, and 47 non tenure track faculty and teaching assistants. we offer the b.a., with  concentrations in film studies, creative and professional writing, and a new literary studies program which will be  available starting in fall 2013. we also offer a b.s. for teaching licensure as well as the english  m.a. the english  department has a firm commitment to democratic decision making, excellence in teaching, active scholarship,  and university and regional service. the department has a central role in the general education curriculum of the  university. we seek a chair with strong interpersonal and organizational skills who will be a vigorous advocate for the department  and who understands the current issues in english  studies. candidates must hold the ph.d. in english  or  terminal degree in a related field; must have already achieved appointment as a full professor; and possess a proven  commitment to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and service. candidates are expected to have experience in academic  administration and to have demonstrated leadership abilities. the appointment starts july 1, 2013. send a letter of application explaining your reasons for applying for this position and highlighting your administrative  experience and philosophy, a curriculum vitae, and names of three references to amy greer, office manager,  dept. of english,  box 32052, appalachian state university, boone, nc 28608. review of applications will begin  october 15 and will continue until the position is filled. individuals with disabilities desiring accommodations in  the application process should contact amy greer at greeral@ appstate .edu. appalachian state university is an aa/eeo employer.  any offer of employment to a successful candidate will  be conditioned upon the university's receipt of a satisfactory criminal background report. for more information,  please visit:    duke u english, 