NA department seeks a tenure track assistant professor of english  education for an academic year position in our vibrant and growing department. expected academic qualifications  include a doctorate in english  education or related field in hand by august 15, 2013. our new colleague will have  primary upper level teaching responsibilities in pedagogy, adolescent literature, and language study for teachers,  and regular assignments in general education literature courses and first year composition. other responsibilities  include advising and supervising pre service teachers and administrative duties in the english  education major.  expertise in pedagogy and assessment, evidence or potential for scholarship, and at least three years of teaching  experience at the middle  and/or high school level are required. experience working collaboratively in school and  community settings (including with professional development schools and/or professional learning communities)  will be considered a plus. secondary areas of expertise may also include multicultural issues of education, pedagogical  approaches to literary study, and language and linguistics. ability to teach upper level writing courses and  an interest in participating in study abroad opportunities in france and china are desirable. the uwl english  department has a strong commitment to multicultural and international education and opportunities exist for curriculum  development and reform in these and other areas. this 100% academic appointment will begin aug. 26,  2013; applications will be accepted until end of business on nov. 2, 2012. applicants should send a cover letter, cv,  and unofficial transcript; three letters of reference will also be required and should be sent by the referee. for further  information, contact the chair of the search committee, dr. virginia crank, at vcrank@ uwlax .edu. note: electronic submission of application materials is required. for additional information about this position and  to apply, please visit    uw la crosse is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  we strive to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented  people from a diverse candidate pool, and we encourage applications from persons with varied backgrounds  and perspectives. please contact the search and screen committee if you have a special need/accommodation to aid  your participation in our hiring process. employment will require a criminal background check. a pending criminal charge or conviction will not necessarily  disqualify an applicant. in compliance with the wisconsin fair employment act, uw la crosse does not  discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [r] u of wisconsin, milwaukee english, 