the english  department at duquesne university seeks a specialist in nineteenth century american literature,  with expertise in fiction preferred, at the level of assistant professor (tenure track), to begin in the fall of 2013.  candidates should demonstrate the ability to teach a range of courses, including specialized graduate and advanced  undergraduate courses in nineteenth century american literature and both parts of the undergraduate  american literature survey. the ability to develop courses at all levels in secondary areas of interest is also desirable.  scholarship  or the strong promise of scholarship is required for consideration. excellent teaching and the   publication  of peer reviewed research is necessary for both tenure and promotion. successful candidates must be  able and willing to teach and work with ma and phd students. for faculty with established scholarly records, the  typical teaching load in the department at the present time is 5 courses per year. the phd degree is highly preferred,  and completion of the degree is required for appointment at the level of assistant professor. applicants must be willing to contribute actively to the mission and to respect the spiritan catholic identity of  duquesne university. the mission is implemented through a commitment to academic excellence, a spirit of service,  moral and spiritual values, sensitivity to world concerns, and an ecumenical campus community. duquesne  university was founded in 1878 by its sponsoring religious community, the congregation of the holy spirit.  duquesne university is catholic in mission and ecumenical in spirit. motivated by its catholic identity, duquesne  values equality of opportunity both as an educational institution and as an employer. to apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names and addresses of at least three professional references  to dr. magali cornier michael, attn: nineteenth century american literature search, department of  english,  637 college hall, duquesne university, 600 forbes avenue, pittsburgh pa 15282. applications should be  postmarked no later than october 30, 2012. initial interviews will take place at the mla convention. [r] haverford c english, 