description: the english  department in the college of humanities and social sciences at rowan university is seeking applicants  to fill a tenure track faculty position for a specialist in early modern literature beginning september 1, 2013.  we are seeking broadly trained candidates prepared to teach courses in early modern literature and shakespeare,  as well as the first half of the british survey, an introductory methods course, and seminars in area(s) of expertise.  a 3 3 teaching load is guaranteed for the first two years and can be renewed annually with evidence of continuing  scholarship. no composition. participation in both departmental and university service is expected. initial interviews  will be conducted at mla. qualifications: 1) a ph.d. in english,  completed by september 1, 2013. 2) evidence of excellence in teaching and an active research agenda. starting date: september 1, 2013.  general information: rowan university is a comprehensive public institution that values high quality teaching, scholarship, and service.  NA by the university through travel support, internal grants, and load adjustment, although faculty are expected  to pursue external funding as well. salary is competitive, and faculty positions fall under the state of new jersey &  aft collective bargaining agreement. rowan university ranks in the top tier of universities in the region. less  than 20 miles from philadelphia, the area offers a variety of attractive urban, suburban, and rural living options. for  more information about rowan university and the english  department, please visit   positions are contingent upon budget appropriations. rowan university values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity. contact: candidates should submit a letter of application and a curriculum vitae; both should attest to credentials and teaching  ability in early modern literature. applications should be submitted to earlymodern@ rowan .edu and must be  received by november 5, 2012. dossiers should be submitted only upon request. rutgers u english,  510 george st new brunswick nj 08901