join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity and student success. west chester  university is seeking applicants for a tenure track position of assistant professor of english  (or related field) with  specializations in african american literature and or composition rhetoric. the successful candidate will have ph.d. in english  (or related discipline) with a specialization in african american  literature and or composition rhetoric at the time of hire, a strong record of scholarship, and evidence of  quality teaching at the undergraduate level. desired secondary areas might include, but are not limited to: anglophone  caribbean literature, and or frederick douglass. experience with distance online education is a plus. successful  candidates will also be able to teach general education courses in composition and literature. the successful candidate will have the ph.d. in hand by august 1, 2013. they should be able to demonstrate an active research agenda through a history of conference presentations as well  as through articles submitted for publication. applicants must submit a letter of application (or cover letter), cv, and three letters of reference to:   .peopleadmin .com ................................................................................................... candidates who pass the initial screening will be invited to submit a writing sample and teaching  materials (including teaching philosophy). finalists must successfully complete the interview process and teaching  demonstration. dossier and references with contact information will be required prior to interview. highly competitive salary and benefits. the filling of this position is contingent upon available funding. all offers  of employment are subject to and contingent upon satisfactory completion of pre employment criminal background  and consumer reporting checks. review of applications will begin november 9, 2012 and continue until  NA NA women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [r]  west chester u