Modern Language association 
J 
JJ
ob 
I 
II
nformation 
L 
LL
ist 
Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
eNGLISH edItIoN • 
oCtoBeR 2011 
CoNteNtS 
Accessing the JIL database .......... inside front cover 
Information for Candidates.................................... i 
Sources of Information for Job Candidates 
in english............................................................. iii 
Advice to Search Committee Members and Job 
Seekers on Faculty Recruitment and Hiring .... iv 
Checklist for Job Seekers ....................................... vi 
dos and don’ts for MLA Convention 
Interviews ......................................................... viii 
List of Administrations Censured by the AAUP .... x 
MLA Statement on the Use of Part-time and Full-
time Adjunct Faculty......................................... xi 
departmental Job Listings 
US Colleges and Universities................................ 1 
Canadian Institutions .......................................... 64 
Overseas Institutions........................................... 67 
Postdoctoral Listings........................................... 69 
SubScription information 
The print version of the Job Information List is published five times during the year—in October, December, February, 
April, and Summer. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The List is 
sent by standard mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all other areas; delivery should 
be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are projected dates only and are 
subject to change without notice. 
October issue 14 October 2011 
December issue 18 November 2011 
February issue 17 February 2012 
April issue 13 April 2012 
Summer issue 27 July 2012 
Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 


Access To seArch The MLA Job InformatIon LIst Job InformatIon LIst 

Access to search the MLA Job Information List online database is available through membership in 
either the Association of Departments of English (ADE) or the Association of Departments of Foreign 
Languages (ADFL). Access to search the JIL database is free to graduate students and faculty 
members in departments that are members of the ADE or the ADFL. PDF files of the print issues 
are available free of charge at the MLA Web site. The October print issues reproduce ads made 
available online when the List becomes available for searching on 15 September. Subsequent issues 
contain new job listings submitted by the print deadlines. 

AffiLiATe MeMbership 

Individuals without an academic affiliation or whose departments are not currently members of 
the ADE or the ADFL can access the JIL by becoming affiliate members of the ADE or the ADFL. 
Like students and faculty members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments, ADE and ADFL 
affiliate members receive access to the online archive of the ADE or the ADFL bulletins as well as 
rights to search the JIL database. Dues for affiliate memberships are $40 for MLA members and 
$65 for nonmembers. Affiliate memberships can be purchased online beginning in August with a 
credit card and are for the use of a single individual only. 

• To 
purchase 
an 
affiliate 
membership 
in 
ADE 
(provides 
access 
to 
English 
listings) 
or 
in 
ADFL (provides access to foreign language listings), go to www.mla.org/jil_subscribe. 

• If 
you 
already 
have 
an 
affiliate 
membership, 
you 
can 
search 
English 
listings 
at 
www.ade.org 
or foreign language listings at www.adfl.org. If you are an MLA member, you can log in at 
www.mla.org/jil. 

MLA MeMbers’ benefiT: seArching The JIL 

If your department is a member of the ADE or the ADFL, you will be able to search the Job Information 
List database directly from the members’ section of the MLA Web site by following these steps: 

1. Log in with your MLA membership user name and password at http://www.mla.org.You 
may retrieve or change your user name and password at http://www.mla.org/member_ 
changepw. 
2. Follow the link to the Job Information List under the “Quick Links” section of the home page. 
3. Select the edition of the JIL (English or foreign language) that you’d like to search. 
Free access to search the MLA Job Information List database continues to be a benefit of departmental 
membership in ADE and ADFL. If the department information in your MLA member 
record is incomplete or incorrect, you’ll be given the opportunity to update your profile so that 
we can check on your department’s membership status. 


Information for Candidates 


The October List contains information on vacancies from departments of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics in US 
and Canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises. The listings 

describe approximately 355 definite or possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies, comments on 
notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position 
has been filled), and notices from departments that expect no 
vacancies but would nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this time. Send 
letters only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your 
qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies are expected but that 
the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to any 
department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a onepage 
vita sheet to 
enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter of application, 
it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed at the 
department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide a convenient 
opportunity for such interviews (see list of upcoming meetings below). 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys indicate 
that only about half of all English and foreign language departments 
have begun recruiting by the end of December and that the majority 
of departments do not complete the recruiting process until spring, 
in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices 
in their departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, 
candidates are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for 
departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions 
either by letter or by selfaddressed 
postcards provided by 
applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

• 
Departments 
that 
require 
that 
job 
applicants 
send 
their 
application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for 
the cost of such shipment; and 
• 
Departments 
that 
require 
multiple 
copies 
of 
writing 
samples 
and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other 
materials; and 

• 
Departments 
that 
require 
books 
will 
return 
them 
to 
the 
applicant; 
and 
• 
Departments 
that 
invite 
job 
applicants 
for 
on-campus 
interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 

Professional Meetings 

In addition to the MLA convention (5–8 January 2012, Seattle), 
candidates in English, foreign languages, comparative literature, and 
linguistics may be interested in the following regional meetings. 

Midwest Modern Language Association (MMLA) 

3–6 November 2011 
St. Louis Union Station Marriott, St. Louis, MO 
Inquiries English, Loyola Univ. Chicago, 1032 West Sheridan 

Road, Chicago, IL 60660 (773 5086083; 
fax: 773 5086062; 
mmla@luc.edu) 

ML
MLMLA JOB INFORMA
A JOB INFORMAA JOB INFORMATIO
TIOTION LIST 
N LISTN LIST 


Northeast Modern Language Association (NEMLA) 

15–18 March 2012 
Hyatt Regency Rochester, Rochester, N Y 
Inquiries nemlasupport@gmail.com 

Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA) 

5– 6 November 2011 
Scripps College, Claremont, CA 
Inquiries Craig Svonkin (svonkin@netzero.com) 

Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association (R MMLA) 

6–8 October 2011 
Chaparral Suites Resort, Scottsdale, AZ 
Inquiries Secretariat at Washington State Univ., Vancouver 98686 

(rmmla@wsu.edu) 

South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA) 

4–6 November 2011 

Loews Atlanta Hotel, Atlanta, GA 

Inquiries SAMLA, Dept. of English, GCB923, Georgia State Univ., 
Atlanta 30303 (404 4135817; 
samla@gsu.edu) 

South Central Modern Language Association (SCMLA) 

27–29 October 2011 

Arlington Resort Hotel and Spa, Hot Springs, AR 

Inquiries Nancy La Greca, Executive Director, Univ. of Oklahoma, 
332 Cate Center Dr., Room 454, Nor man 73019 (405 325 1546; 
fax: 405 3253720; 
lagreca@ou.edu) 

ii 
ENGLISH EDITION 
• 
OCTOBER 2011 



Sources of Information 


for Job Candidates in English 

Prepared by Susan Belasco Smith, University ofTulsa 

For General Advice and Background Reading 

Bay, Libby.“Teaching in the Community College: Rerouting a Career.” 
ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 27–29. 

Deneef,A. Leigh, Craufurd D. Goodwin, and Ellen Stern McCrate, eds. 
The Academic’s Handbook. Durham: Duke UP, 1988. 

Dubrow, Heather. “A World Elsewhere: Teaching in a Liberal Arts 
College.” ADE Bulletin 103 (1992): 38–44. 

Green, Eleanor. “The Job Search: Observations of a Reader of 177 
Letters of Application.” ADE Bulletin 113 (1996): 50–52. 

Gregory, Marshall. “From PhD Program to BA College; or, The 
Sometimes Hard Journey from Life in the Carrel to Life in the 
World.” ADE Bulletin 107 (1994): 20–24. 

Hanawalt, Jean Allen, and Thomas Trzyna. “Applying to Teach at a 
Christian College.” ADE Bulletin 79 (1984): 46–47. 

Malek, James S. “Caveat Emptor; or, How Not to Get Hired at 
DePaul.” ADE Bulletin 92 (1989): 33–36. 

Mangum, Teresa. “Identity and Economics; or, The Job Placement 
Procedural.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 19–24. For an additional 
bibliography on the job search, see Mangum’s Selected List of 
Works Consulted (23–24). 

Showalter, English, et al. The MLA Guide to the Job Search. 1985. Rev. 
ed. NewYork: MLA, 1996. 

Sledge, Linda Ching.“The Community College Scholar.” ADE Bulletin 
83 (1986): 9–11. 

Thomas,Trudelle.“Demystifying the Job Search:A Guide for Candidates.” 
CCC 40 (1989): 312–27. 

Timmerman, John H. “Advice to Candidates.” College English 50 
(1988): 748–51. 

See also “Special Topic on the Job Market,” Profession 94 (New 
York: MLA, 1994) 57–105, for a collection of essays by Erik D. 
Curren, Marta CamineroSantangelo, 
Lydia Belatèche, Linda M. Lemiesz, 
Judith Pascoe, Gordon Hutner, Robert C. Holub, and Bettina 

J. Huber;“Special Section:The Job Search in English,” ADE Bulletin 
111 (1995): 4–27; and “The MLA’s 1993–94 Survey of PhD Placement,” 
MLA Newsletter 27.4 (1995): 1–3 and ADE Bulletin 112 (1995): 
40–51. 
For Job Openings 

Chronicle of Higher Education. Published weekly (except in August and 
December). In addition to listing openings under such categories 
as “English,” “Women’s Studies,” or “Writing,” many twoand 
fouryear 
institutions take out large ads that include all their available 
positions.The Chronicle also lists openings in administration, at 
foundations and associations, and occasionally in private secondary 
schools. 

MLA Job Information List. Published four times a year. Fouryear 
institutions 
are more likely than twoyear 
colleges to list openings here. 

For Information about American Colleges and 
Universities 

Atwell, Robert, and David Pierce, eds. American Community Colleges:A 
Guide. 10th ed. Phoenix: Oryx, 1995. A statebystate 
guide with 
extensive commentary on each institution. 

Barron’s Profiles of American Colleges. 23rd ed. NewYork: Barron’s, 1998. 
Comprehensive, informative guide to fouryear, 
accredited colleges; 
rates selectiveness of admissions. 

Cass, James, and Max Birnbaum. Comparative Guide to American Colleges. 
15th ed. NewYork: Harper, 1991.An alphabetical, narrative guide to 
fouryear 
institutions. 

The College Blue Book. 27th ed. 5 vols. NewYork: Macmillan, 1999.The 
most useful volume is Narrative Descriptions, a statebystate 
listing of 
twoand 
fouryear 
colleges, complete with maps. 

Insider’s Guide to the Colleges, 2000: Students from Coast to Coast Tell What 
Their Colleges Are Really Like. Comp.Yale Daily News staff. 26th ed. 
New York: St. Martin’s, 1999. A sometimes irreverent alternative 
source of information on 300 colleges. 

For Foreign Colleges and Universities 

Commonwealth Universities Yearbook 
International Handbook of Universities 

Both are published every three years in NewYork by Macmillan. 

ML
MLMLA JOB INFORMA
A JOB INFORMAA JOB INFORMATIO
TIOTION LIST 
N LISTN LIST 


Advice to Search Committee Members and Job Seekers on 

Faculty Recruitment and Hiring 


Prepared by the MLA Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities 

I. General Principles 
1. Timely, accurate, and open communication between candidates 
and departments can ensure an atmosphere of collegiality, even when 
the job market is tight or institutional circumstances are uncertain. 
Departments help create such an atmosphere when they recognize 
how vulnerable candidates may feel during a job search; candidates 
help when they recognize that departments may be affected by institutional 
policies largely beyond their control. All parties involved in a 
job search should conduct themselves professionally. 
2. All job candidates should be treated equitably. Departments 
should adhere to nondiscrimination and affirmative action guidelines, 
taking particular care not to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnic 
or national origin, religion, disability, age, gender, or sexual orientation. 
All parties need to respect principles of confidentiality. 
II. Advertising and Initial Screening 
1. Advertisements for an opening should be as specific as possible 
about the availability of the opening (definite, likely, or possible), the 
type of appointment (tenuretrack 
or nontenuretrack), 
minimum 
degree requirements, field(s) of expertise, minimum teaching experience, 
and any other requirements or criteria. 
2. Applicants should be allowed ample time to respond to advertisements 
of openings, and deadlines for applications should be specified 
whenever possible. Applications should be accepted for at least 
two weeks after the announced publication date for a given print 
issue of the Job Information List (about 15 October, 15 November, 
15 February, and 15 April). In all cases the online edition of the JIL is 
the most current and complete. After October some positions posted 
online may not appear in any print issue. 
3. Applications submitted in response to announcements should 
be acknowledged promptly and courteously. Following the initial 
screening, all applicants should be informed of their status and the 
department’s projected timetable for making decisions about interviews 
at the MLA convention. 
III. Preparing Applications 
1. The candidate should prepare a dossier, including a letter of 
application, curr iculum vitae, transcr ipt(s), and letters of recommendation, 
by midSeptember, 
when the JIL becomes available for 
searching online. It is the candidate’s responsibility to make sure that 
all requested materials are supplied. Candidates may wish to designate a 
faculty advisor to review the completed dossier. 

2. For the purpose of initial screening, a letter of application and 
dossier should normally suffice. Candidates should realize that the 
application process can be costly.To save all parties time and money, 
the committee recommends that departments request writing samples 
and other material only after a preliminary list of candidates has 
been chosen. 
IV. Setting Up MLA Interviews 
1. Candidates should realize that the department advertising in 
the Job Information List nor mally expects candidates to attend the 
MLA convention for screening interviews. Candidates who do not 
attend the convention may therefore be at a disadvantage. In such 
cases a telephone interview may be an appropriate alternative. Departments 
and candidates should realize that convention attendance 
is generally the most efficient and least expensive way to conduct 
interviews. Departments should make every effort to be represented 
at the convention by at least one member of the search committee. 
2. Departments need to be able to reach candidates quickly to 
schedule MLA convention interviews. Candidates, especially those 
who plan to travel during the holidays, should supply departments 
with complete itineraries including telephone numbers. Because of 
the expenses related to convention attendance, departments should 
notify all candidates, including those not invited for interviews, of 
their status as early as possible. 
3. Candidates applying from outside North Amer ica should 
have a contact in the United States to receive mail and messages. 
Since few departments have resources to bring candidates to oncampus 
interviews from outside North America, candidates who 
reside abroad should determine arrangements for any oncampus 
interviews during MLA convention interviews. 
4. Departments need to be sure candidates know where the interview 
is taking place.The Job Information Center is set up to provide 
this information. If you plan to conduct interviews in the Job 
Infor mation Center, you must come to the center in person and 
be assigned a table in the interview area. If you are interviewing in 
a hotel room, remember that hotel switchboard personnel are not 
authorized to disclose room numbers. The Job Information Center 
will provide either a cell phone contact number or hotel room 
number to candidates with whom your department has set up apiv 
ENGLISH EDITION 
• 
OCTOBER 2011 



pointments, as you direct.To take advantage of this service, you need 
to register information about the location for MLA convention interviews 
by logging in to your department’s JIL listings at the MLA 
Web site and filling out the online convention interview location 
form. Information may be entered and updated at any time between 
1 November and the dates of the convention. Departments scheduled 
to begin interviewing on the first afternoon of the convention 
may need to arrive the day before, to avoid missing appointments 
because of travel delays or delays in checking in to hotels. 

5. Departments and candidates should plan realistically and adhere 
closely to schedules. When ar ranging interviews, candidates 
should leave as much time as possible between appointments, keeping 
in mind that they may have to deal with crowded elevators, 
slow meal service, or delayed shuttle buses. Departments should remember 
that interviews that run late may prevent candidates from 
keeping other appointments and that one instance of lateness can 
multiply into a whole series of missed or delayed interviews. 
6. Whether held on or off campus, in person or by telephone, interviews 
should be conducted in a professional manner, permitting 
candidates adequate opportunity to explain and demonstrate their 
qualifications. Candidates and departments should review “Dos and 
Don’ts for Interviews,” revised in 2007 by CAFPRR and reprinted 
each October in the Job Information List. 
7. Interviewers should make every effort to accommodate candidates 
with disabilities. 
V. Interviewing on Campus 
1. Departments inviting candidates for oncampus 
interviews 
should pay candidates’ expenses, following standard institutional policies 
for travel reimbursement. Candidates should be told approximately 
how many others are being invited for oncampus 
interviews. 
2. Oncampus 
interviews represent a large investment of time and 
money for departments; therefore, candidates should not accept oncampus 
interviews if they are not seriously interested in the position. 
Before traveling to a campus, candidates should thoroughly research 
the department’s faculty and programs. Candidates should determine 
whether a salary range and teaching load have been established for 
the position and should decide in advance what their own minimum 
requirements are. It is important that candidates also determine in advance 
whether their decisions may be influenced by special circumstances 
that should be communicated to the chair. 

3. A depar tment that invites a candidate to inter view on its 
campus has an obligation to (a) ar range the log istics of the candidate’s 
stay (local transportation, lodging [including disability accommodations], 
meals); (b) set up interviews with faculty members 
and administrators; (c) accommodate candidates’ special needs; (d) 
provide a tour of the campus and its facilities; (e) provide adequate 
infor mation about the department, the university, and the community; 
(f) plan social activities for the candidate; and (g) infor m 
the candidate of the procedures and timetable for reimbursement. 
4. Candidates and members of search committees should be 
aware that visits to a campus, meals and other social activities included, 
are all inherent parts of the interview and should be conducted 
accordingly. 
5. Members of departments and search committees should not 
discuss other candidates with a visiting candidate. 
VI. Negotiating an Offer 
1. To minimize misunderstanding and anxiety dur ing negotiations 
about offers, departments should establish ground rules in advance 
and let candidates know what these are before any offers are 
made. Departments should communicate with candidates regularly 
and openly about the status of the search process. All parties should be 
aware that, especially in times of fiscal uncertainty, circumstances beyond 
the institution’s control may delay or disrupt the hiring process. 
2. No candidate should be required before 22 January to give a 
final answer to an offer of a position without tenure for the following 
academic year, however early an offer is tendered. A formal good 
faith offer is a wr itten document on official letterhead from an authorized 
representative of the institution (email 
transmission of offers 
is not recommended). This document should stipulate the terms 
of appointment. Candidates should be afforded a minimum of two 
weeks following receipt to accept or reject a formal offer. 
The committee welcomes comments and suggestions from members. Direct 
correspondence to Staff Liaison, Committee on Academic Freedom and 
Professional Rights and Responsibilities, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, 
New York, NY 10004-1789, or to nfurman@mla.org or dgoldberg@mla 
.org. Rev. March 2006. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Checklist for Job Seekers 


The MLA Committee on Careers offers this checklist as an aid for first-time job seekers and as a guide for graduate departments 
about ways they can facilitate the placement of their graduates. As an association, the MLA has a vital interest in establishing 
procedures and practices that make the job search as effective and professional as possible. 

Prepreparation 

. 
Have you completed your dissertation? If not, do you have a realistic 
schedule for completing it? 
. 
Have you defined the kind(s) of institution(s) where you would like 
to teach? 
. 
Have you informed yourself about the job market? Have you consulted, 
for example, the Job Information List, the Chronicle of Higher 
Education, and the ADE Bulletin or ADFL Bulletin about the job 
situation? 
. 
Have you spoken to recently hired faculty members about their experiences 
in the job market? 
. 
Have you been realistic in defining the kinds of specialized courses 
you are qualified to teach? Have you articulated what you have to 
offer as a scholar and a teacher? What are the limits of the jobs for 
which you really qualify? 
. 
Have you spoken to one or more of the following persons about 
the job search: your department placement officer, your department 
graduate adviser, your dissertation adviser, your department placement 
committee, other faculty members who know you well and 
who have shown interest in your work? 
. 
Have you requested from your department or placement office standardized 
forms for your letters of recommendation? 
. 
Have you requested letters from three to five faculty members who 
feel positively about you and who know your course work, dissertation, 
and teaching? 
. 
Have you given your referees sufficient information about your record 
and at least several weeks to prepare their letters of recommendation? 
. 
Have you estimated the costs of the job search? Although costs will 
vary, it is reasonable to expect to spend at least $700 for travel, lodging, 
food, and incidentals when attending the MLA convention. 
Remember too that you will have duplicating and postage expenses, 
fees charged by the placement office for sending your dossier, longdistance 
phone charges, and expenses for purchase or rental of a 
telephone answering machine to receive calls before and after the 
convention. Although you should expect to be reimbursed for travel 
to oncampus 
interviews, you will probably have to pay airfare in 
advance. It is a good idea to establish credit and acquire a credit card 
if possible. When you are called for an oncampus 
interview, be sure 
to ask whether your expenses will be reimbursed. 
. 
Have you requested a mock interview? If your department does not 
regularly schedule mock interviews for job candidates, have you discussed 
with several faculty members the kinds of questions you can 
expect to be asked and issues to be discussed? 
. 
Have you considered requesting disabilityrelated 
accommodations 
to facilitate your interview? 
The MLA Convention 

. 
Have you planned your interview schedule for the MLA convention, 
making sure that you have allowed enough time to get from 
one hotel to another? 
. 
Do you have the infor mation you need about the school and the 
department to which you have applied (e.g., course offerings, college 
and university requirements, faculty members)? 
. 
Have you reviewed the list of “dos and don’ts” for interviewees? 
The On-Campus Interview 

. 
Have you determined beforehand the schedule of your visit and the 
meetings you will be asked to take part in? Have you asked the department 
to add things to your itinerary (e.g., a tour of the library, a 
meeting with students) that were not originally scheduled? 
. 
Have you inquired in advance of your trip whether you will be 
reimbursed for expenses you incur for the oncampus 
interview? 
Have you done careful research beforehand about the faculty and 
curriculum of the school you will be visiting? 
. 
Will you be required to make a formal presentation to faculty and/ 
or students while on campus? If so, have you carefully prepared this 
presentation? Are you prepared to discuss your dissertation in detail? 
. 
Have you received all the infor mation you will need in order to 
make a decision if offered a job—information about salary, fringe 
benefits, moving expenses, tenure policies, any other terms of the 
contract, and the amount of time you will have to consider the 
offer? 
. 
Have you infor med the department of any necessary disabilityrelated 
accommodations to facilitate your interview? 
vi 
ENGLISH EDITION 
• 
OCTOBER 2011 



After an Offer Is Made 

. 
Are you well informed about the general financial health of the 
college or university , its enrollment trends , its support for the 
humanities, the distribution of majors, and the faculty members in 
your discipline? 
. 
Are you clear about what your own teaching responsibilities will 
be? Do you know what your course load and approximate class sizes 
will be? 
. 
Do your research interests have a clear place in the department? 
Have you asked about support for your research, including the availability 
of grants, sabbatical and released time? 
. 
Do you know the cr iter ia and procedures for tenure and 
promotion? 
. 
Do you have an informed opinion about the advantages and disadvantages 
of living in the city or town where the college or university 
is located? Have you asked, for example, about housing, the cost 
of living, cultural and social opportunities, local politics, and public 
schools? 
. 
You should not be required to respond before 22 January to an offer 
of a position without tenure for the following academic year. If you 
receive an offer between 22 January and the middle of the summer, 
you should be allowed two weeks to make a decision. But once you 
have definitely made up your mind about an offer, you should accept 
or reject it immediately: keep in mind that other candidates 
will be affected by your decision. 

Things to Remember If You Don’t Get an Offer 

. 
The hir ing season is not over in January; only the first wave has 
passed by then. 
. 
While many offers are made in January, an offer in February does 
not necessarily mean that you are a second choice. It may mean 
that the department has had to wait a month to reconvene its search 
committee or receive final approval for funding. 
. 
You may be on the market too early.The department may not have 
been convinced that you will actually finish your dissertation by the 
time specified. 
. 
You may have pinned your hopes on too nar row a selection of 
schools. 
. 
You can still inquire about your status at places where you have interviewed.
You may still be on their lists. 
. 
New jobs open up after the MLA convention. Keep reading the 
Job Information List through the summer supplement and consult the 
advertisements in the Chronicle of Higher Education and other professional 
publications. 
. 
There will be another job market next year. Start preparing for it 
now. The current search will have given you valuable experience. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Dos and Don’ts 

for MLA Convention Interviews 

by Herbert Lederer, University of Connecticut 
with revisions by Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, 1995 

The job interview is an event that has caused sufficient anxiety for both interviewer and interviewee to prompt a number 
of publications dealing with the topic. In recent years, concern about discrimination in the hiring process has led to a heightened 
awareness of the possibility of discriminatory intent in the questions asked by interviewers. In order to facilitate the conduct of 
interviews arranged through the MLA Job Information Service, guidelines have been developed for both interviewers and job 
candidates. 

The Interviewer 

Do 

Schedule interviews at reasonable times and allow for adequate time 

Leave time between interviews to review dossiers and make postinterview 
notes 

Read all the information your department has requested in advance 

Ensure freedom from interruption (silence cell phones) 

Be on time. 

Ask candidate’s permission to take notes 

Introduce other department members present 

Establish and maintain a pleasant atmosphere 

Be courteous 

Try to put candidate at ease 

Be aware of your biases 

Ask specific questions 

Elicit all relevant information 

Maintain eye contact 

Ask appropriate questions; explore areas such as education, experience, 
special interests or skills, familiarity with textbooks, teaching methods, 
professional organizations, and future expectations 

Discuss candidate’s attitude toward teaching and research in language 
and literature 

Elicit candidate’s interest in specific job 

Provide candidate with clear picture of job 

Explain operation of school and department 

Describe working conditions (course load, other duties, salary, fringes, 
etc.) 

Allow time for candidate’s questions 

Listen attentively 

Ask followup 
questions for clarification or further detail 

Inform candidate of probable time of decision 

Follow the Amer icans with Disabilities Act guidelines in meeting 
requests for accommodations 

Don’t 

Interview more than one candidate at a time 

Conduct major portion of interview during a meal 

Ask questions about age, socioeconomic status, mar ital status, children, 
religion, medical or disability status, sexual or ientation, or 
national origin 

Judge candidates on any criteria that are not professional, scholarly, or 
intellectual 

Discuss candidate’s dress or appearance 

Display boredom 

Doodle 

Produce stress intentionally 

Argue with candidate 

Appear hostile to candidate 

Be patronizing 

Ask for information already in dossier 

Ask leading questions 

Ask yesno 
questions if they can be avoided 

Get off on tangents 

Do all the talking 

Describe job in negative terms 

Oversell position 

Downgrade other institutions or candidates 

Taperecord 
or videotape 

Require candidates to come to campus at their own expense 

Make a job offer until all interviews are concluded 

Assume that the candidate’s home institution makes him or her unsuitable 
for your department 

viii 
ENGLISH EDITION 
• 
OCTOBER 2011 



The Candidate 

Do Don’t 
Review job specifications Be laconic or loquacious 
Research thoroughly departments and institutions with which you Be either apologetic or arrogant 
have interviews Appear opinionated or contentious 
Be aware that any mater ials that you have posted online (e.g., on Argue with interviewer 
MySpace, Facebook, blogs, public email 
discussion lists or forums) Let yourself be intimidated 
may be viewed by potential employers Volunteer negative information 
Be aware that it is your r ight to request specific accommodations to Downgrade other candidates, jobs, or institutions 
make the interview accessible Get off the track or ramble 
Prepare questions you want to ask (e.g., about teaching load, class size, Overstay your welcome 
number of majors, range of courses you will teach, library resources) Ask about salary yet 
Request of your department some practice interviewing; use the opportunity 
to analyze your strengths and weaknesses 
Allow yourself an hour between interviews if possible 
Be prepared to discuss approaches to languages and literature teaching 
Think about courses and texts you would like to teach (be prepared to 
distribute sample syllabi) 
Be aware of nervousness 
Come on time and follow all the usual protocols of politeness 
Silence cell phone 
Be aware of body language (your own and interviewer’s) 
Project interest and enthusiasm, speak up clearly, listen attentively, and 
avoid using terms such as “you know,” “like,” and so on 
Maintain eye contact with interviewer 
Be prepared for aggressive questions 
Answer openly, directly, and honestly 
Be specific in both answers and your own questions 
Be prepared to demonstrate your language ability 
Bring out your strong points 
Talk about relevant skills, experience, interests, and goals 
Summarize your qualifications for the job 
Find out when decisions will be made 
Write followup 
thankyou 
letter 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


List of Administrations Censured 


by the American Association of University Professors 

Note:The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American Association 
of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a 
past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized pr inciples of 
academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the MayJune 
1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, the 
profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. Names are 
placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s Annual 
Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 
does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Associa


tion, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in 
question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. Since 
circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not assert 
that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge that, 
before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office and 
prospective departmental colleagues.The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. Reports 
were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in parentheses 
following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee A,” 
each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1963 
Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1969 
Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1975 
Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . . . . . . . . . 1976 
State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1978 
Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . . . . . 1978 
Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1980 
Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1982 
American International College (Massachusetts) (MayJune 
1983, 42–46). . . 1983 
Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (MarchApril 
1984, 

23a–32a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1984 
Talladega College (Alabama) (May–June 1986, 6a–14a). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1986 
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May–June 1987, 33–38) . . . 1987 
Husson College (Maine) (May–June 1987, 45–50) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May–June 1988, 29–33) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 

(May–June 1989, 35–45) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1989 
The Catholic University of America (September–October 1989, 27–40) . . . 1990 
Dean College (Massachusetts) (May–June 1991, 27–32). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Baltimore City Community College (May–June 1992, 37–41) . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Loma Linda University (California) (May–June 1992, 42–49) . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May–June 1993, 46–53) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1993 
North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May–June 1993, 54–64) . . . . . 1993 
Savannah College of Art and Design (May–June 1993, 65–70) . . . . . . . . . 1993 
University of Bridgeport (November–December 1993, 37–45) . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Benedict College (South Carolina) (May–June 1994, 37–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Bennington College (March–April 1995, 91–103) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Alaska Pacific University (May–June 1995, 32–39) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July–August 1995, 65–73) . . . . . . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May–June 1996, 

41–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1996 
Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July–August 1996, 51–60) . . 1997 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May–June 1997, 53–58) . . . . . . . 1997 
Brigham Young University (September–October 1997, 52–71) . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
University of the District of Columbia (May–June 1998, 46–55) . . . . . . . . 1998 
Lawrence Technological University (May–June 1998, 56–62) . . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May–June 1999, 46–50) . . . . 1999 
Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut) 

(January–February 2000, 54–63) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2000 
Charleston Southern University (January–February 2001, 63–77). . . . . . . . .2001 
University of Dubuque (September–October 2001, 62–73) . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Virginia State University (May–June 2005, 47–62) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2005 
University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March–April 2005, 99–113) . . 2005 
Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November–December 

2004, 56–78) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2005 
Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) (January–February 2007, 

60–68) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2007 
Bastyr University (Washington) (March–April 2007, 106–20) . . . . . . . . . . . 2007 
Cedarville University (Ohio) (May–June 2009, 58–84) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
Nicholls State University (Louisiana) (November–December 2008, 

60–69) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
North Idaho College (Idaho) (May–June 2009, 85–92) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
Stillman College (Alabama) (March–April 2009, 94–101) . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
Clark Atlanta University (February 2010) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2010 
University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston (April 2010) . . . . . . . . 2010 
Bethune Cookman University . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2010 

x 
ENGLISH EDITION 
• 
OCTOBER 2011 



MLA Statement on the Use of 

Part-Time and Full-Time 
Adjunct Faculty 

The following statement on the use of part-time and full-time adjunct faculty members was developed by an ad hoc committee of the 
Association of Departments of English and adopted by the MLA Executive Council in February 1994. 

The expansion of the adjunct ranks in language and literature departments 
over the past two decades threatens the integrity of the profession 
and instructional programs. The practice of hir ing numerous 
adjunct faculty members year after year to teach courses required of 
large numbers of undergraduates undermines professional and educational 
standards and academic freedom. Although adjunct appointments 
can add significant dimensions to curricula and some individuals prefer 
to accept only adjunct appointments because of other commitments, 
few adjunct appointments are made for educationally sound reasons. 
Indeed, the primary motivation for most of these appointments is to 
reduce the cost of instruction. 

Adjunct faculty members fall into two groups: parttime 
instructors 
and nontenuretrack 
fulltime 
instructors. The first group includes 
both instructors who are clearly temporar y members of a 
department and instructors who teach from year to year and become 
virtually permanent. Members of the second group have full teaching 
loads but, as nontenuretrack 
faculty members, lack the institutional 
commitment given to their tenuretrack 
colleagues. Graduate 
students are distinct from both groups. 

The conditions under which most adjunct teachers are employed 
define them as nonprofessionals. Often they are hired quickly, as lastminute 
replacements. They receive little recognition or respect for 
their contributions to their departments; almost always they are paid 
inequitably and receive no fringe benefits. 

Excessive reliance on an adjunct faculty can damage individual 
faculty members, students, institutions, and the profession. For the 
sake of an institution’s economic welfare, adjunct faculty members 
are often denied the security that adequate salary, health insurance, 
and professional status can provide. The institution, in tur n, suffers 
through the creation of a twotiered 
system in which faculty members 
have different responsibilities and expectations. 

In the light of these concerns, the MLA urges college and university 
administrators to make new and concerted efforts to eliminate 
excessive and irresponsible adjunct faculty appointments, to improve 
employment conditions for essential adjunct faculty members, and to 
recognize the professional status and important contributions of such 
teachers. 

The MLA offers the following guidelines for the employment of 
faculty members. 

Guidelines 

1. Each department should establish an appropriate limit on the 
number of adjunct faculty members in relation to the number of tenured 
or tenuretrack 
faculty members and of graduate students serving 
as apprentice teachers. The norm in a department should be the 
tenured or tenuretrack 
position. As tenured faculty members retire, 
they should be replaced by tenuretrack 
faculty members. Departments 
that routinely assign a large part of undergraduate instruction 
to adjunct faculty members should reconsider their staffing practices. 
2. All adjunct faculty members should be treated as professionals. 
Each department should develop a set of guidelines for adjunct 
faculty employment. These guidelines may vary from institution to 
institution but should address the following concerns: 
a. Adjunct faculty members should be hired, reviewed, and 
given teaching assignments according to processes comparable to 
those established for the tenured or tenuretrack 
faculty members. 
b. They should be given mailboxes, office space, and clerical 
support. 
c. They should receive adequate introduction to their teaching 
assignments, departments, and institutions. 
d. They should be paid equitable prorated salaries and should 
receive basic benefits such as health insurance. 
e. They should be eligible for incentives that foster professional 
development, including merit raises and funds for research 
and travel. 
f. As appropriate, they should participate in determining departmental 
and institutional policies. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


October 2011 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

AlAbAmA 
Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor Creative Writing 15339 

The Department of English at Auburn University, located in Auburn, Alabama, 
invites applications for two tenure-track positions as Assistant Professor 
in creative writing, one with a specialization in fiction, one with a 
specialization in poetry, to begin Fall semester 2012. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments primarily in upper-division 
and graduate writing courses in the genre of specialization (we offer concentrations 
in creative writing at the undergraduate and graduate levels), 
but with some teaching in the core curriculum (fi rst-year composition 
and sophomore literature). Required qualifications include an appropriate 
term inal degree in creative wr iting (MFA, M A) by the August 16, 
2012, starting date; a strong academic background; significant publications 
in the genre of specialization, including publications in a range of 
reputable journals; evidence of successful teaching experience at the college 
or university level; evidence of potential for excellence in teaching 
in undergraduate and graduate courses in creative writing; potential for 
continuing success in publication, research, and other creative/professional/
scholarly activities; interest in teaching core curriculum courses in 
first-year composition and/or sophomore literature; and good potential as 
a colleague taking part in the life and work of the department. The candidate 
selected for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements 
for work in the United States at the time appointment is scheduled 
to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of employment; 
excellent communication skills required. 

Desirable qualifications include a Ph.D. in creative writing; publication 
of at least one book in the genre of specialization from a major university 
or commercial press; experience teaching creative writing in the genre of 
specialization at the college or university level; and experience teaching 
first-year composition and/or sophomore literature. Additional desirable 
qualifications include publications and exper ience in teaching creative 
non-fiction at the college or university level. [R] 


U of Alabama, Birmingham 

English, HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294 

Director of Freshman Composition 15589 

http://www.uab.edu/english 
Director of Freshman Composition 
Open Rank, Tenured, Tenure-track, or Non-Tenure, 9-month facult y 

position; beginning date to be August, 2012. 2/1 teaching load with administrative 
duties throughout the summer. Experience in program assessment, 
online teaching, TA training, WID/WAC preferred. 

Our 30+-member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a nationally 
ranked teaching and research urban university with more than 
17,500 students. Review of applications will begin 15 October. Send let


ter and c.v. to Freshman Composition Search Committee, Department of 
English, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 352941260. 
Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our 
initial screening. Visit us at www.uab.edu/english. With a Carnegie Classification 
of Doctoral/Research Universities-Extensive, UAB is an EEO/ 
AA employer and actively seeks applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 


U of Alabama, Birmingham 

English, HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 

http://www.uab.edu/english 
Entr y-level, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Poetr y. M.F.A. or Ph.D. 
must be completed by 15 August 2012 starting date. Publication record in 
creative writing and experience in teaching at the college level required. 
Position includes 3/3 course load, creative productivit y, and a ser vice 
commitment. Teaching responsibilities include graduate and undergradu


ate creative writing workshops, literature, and composition courses, along 
with direction of honors and master’s theses. 
Our 30+-member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a na


tionally ranked teaching and research urban university with more than 
17,500 students. Review of applications wil l begin 15 October. Send 
letter and c.v. to Creative Wr iting Search Comm ittee, Depar tment of 
English, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 352941260. 
Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our 
initial screening. Visit us at www.uab.edu/english. With a Carnegie Classification 
of Doctoral/Research Universities-Extensive, UAB is an EEO/ 
AA employer and actively seeks applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 


U of Alabama, Birmingham 

English, HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 

http://www.uab.edu/english 
Entry-level, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 
with specialization in professional writing and communication technologies. 
PhD in rhetoric and composition, professional communication, 
or related field must be completed by 15 August 2012 starting date. College-
level teaching experience required. Teaching duties include under


graduate and graduate courses in areas such as rhetoric and technology, 
digital communication and publishing, and composition. 3/3 course load. 
Our 30+ member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees in a nationally 
ranked teaching and research urban university with more than 17,500 
students. Review of applications wil l beg in on 15 October. Send letter 
and c.v. to Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Department of 
English, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 352941260. 
Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our 
initial screening. Preliminar y inter views at MLA. Visit us at w w w.uab 
.edu/english. With a Carnegie Classification of Doctoral/Research Uni-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


versities-Extensive, UA B is an EEO/AA employer and actively seeks applications 
from women and minority candidates. [R] 


U of Alabama, Huntsville 

English, Morton Hall, R m 222 301 Spark man Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 15356 

http://www.uah.edu/colleges/liberal/english/index.php 
Position in Eighteenth-Century Literature 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville invites applications for a ten


ure-earning position in British Literature of the long eighteenth century. 
Preferred secondar y interests include literature and science, digital 
humanities, and/or gender studies. A commitment to undergraduate and 
graduate teaching, evidence of scholarly activity, and a PhD by the time 
of appointment are expected. Send letter, vita and contact infor mation 
for three references, including name, address, phone number and email 
address, by October 17, 2011, to Dr. Daniel Schenker, Chair, Dept. of 
English, Univ. of A labama in Huntsvi lle, Huntsvil le, A L 35899. The 
University of Alabama in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer. [R] 


U of Montevallo 

English & For Langs, Sta 6420, Comer Hall Montevallo AL 35115 

Assistant Professor of English 15389 

http://www.montevallo.edu/english/ 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in Postcolonia l Literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with a specialty in one or more regional 
literar y f ields other than Br itish or A merican, such as African, Caribbean, 
or South Asian. This tenure track position begins August 2012. 
The University of Montevallo is a public liberal arts college and member 
of COPLAC. We seek candidates with a strong com mitment to teaching 
and scholarship. The normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) 
per semester, including classes in freshman composition, world literature 
surveys, upper-level literature courses, and graduate-level courses in specialty. 
Applications should consist of a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, transcript, and 3 letters of recommendation, and should be received 
by November 15. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at MLA. 
To apply for this position, visit the University's employment website at: 
www.montevallo.edu/HR/employment.shtm. 

U of Montevallo 

English & For Langs, Sta 6420, Comer Hall Montevallo AL 35115 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 15388 

http://www.montevallo.edu/english/ 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in 19th Centur y American Literature. 
Preference wil l be given to candidates with a specialt y in f iction 
from the A mer ican Renaissance to Realism and Naturalism. This tenure 
track position begins August 2012. The University of Montevallo is 
a liberal arts college and member of COPLAC. We seek candidates with 
a strong commitment to teaching and scholarship. The normal teaching 
load is four courses (12 hours) per semester, including classes in freshman 
composition, world literature surveys, upper-level literature courses, and 
graduate-level courses in specialty. Applications should consist of a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, transcript, and 3 letters of recommendation, 
and should be received by November 15. Interviews of selected 
candidates will be held at MLA. To apply for this position, visit the University's 
employment website at: www.montevallo.edu/HR/employment 
.shtm. 

Ark A nsAs 
U of Arkansas, Fayetteville 

English, 333 K impel Hall Fayetteville AR 72701 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Romantic Literature and Culture 15336 

http://english.uark.edu/ 
Ph.D. in the field of Romantic Literature and Culture. This position is 
for one year, August 2012-May 2013, with the possibility of renewal. The 
salar y will be highly competitive. The job entails teaching, perhaps some 
service, and research; the teaching load will be two courses (one graduate 
and one undergraduate). Submit letter, resume, writing sample, and letters 
of recommendation via Interfolio, in hard copy to the address above, or as 
email attachments, in .docx or .pdf, to Dorothy Stephens, Chair, via Sara 
Beth Spencer Bynum, Assistant, at <sspencer@uark.edu>. If submitting 
by email, please put “Application for Visiting Romanticist” in the email 
header and begin every filename with the applicant’s last name. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. The deadline is November 4, and 
inter views will be conducted via Skype. The Un iversit y of A rkansas is 
an Affirmative Action/EOE institution committed to achieving a culturally 
diverse faculty and staff. We encourage applications from all qualified 
candidates, especially individuals who contribute to diversity of our 
academic community. All applicants are subject to public disclosure under 
the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act and persons hired must have 
proof of legal authority to work in the United States. [R] 


U of Arkansas, Fayetteville 

English, 333 K impel Hall Fayetteville AR 72701 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 

http://english.uark.edu/ 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in African-American Literature. This 
position is for one semester only: Januar y-May, 2012. The salary will be 
highly competitive. The job entails teaching, perhaps some service, and 
research; the teaching load will be two courses (one graduate and one undergraduate). 
Submit letter, resume, writing sample, and letters of recommendation 
via Interfolio, in hard copy to the address above, or as email 
attachments, in .docx or .pdf, to Dorothy Stephens, Chair, via Sara Beth 
Spencer Bynum, Assistant, at <sspencer@ uark.edu>. If submitting by 
email, please put “Application for Visiting Af-Am Position for Spring” in 
the email header and begin every filename with the applicant’s last name. 
Applications w ill be acknowledged by letter. The deadline is November 
4, and interviews will be conducted via Skype. The University of Arkansas 
is an Affirmative Action/EOE institution committed to achieving 
a culturally diverse faculty and staff. We encourage applications from all 
qualified candidates, especially individuals who contribute to diversity of 
our academic community. All applicants are subject to public disclosure 
under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act and persons hired must 
have proof of legal authority to work in the United States. [R] 


U of Arkansas, Fayetteville 

English, 333 K impel Hall Fayetteville AR 72701 

Associate or Assistant Professor of English and African-American Studies 
15334 

http://english.uark.edu/ 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in African-Amer ican Literature. 
Preference will be given to candidates who already have the rank of Associate 
Professor or who are nearing their tenure review to advance to 
that rank—though new Ph.D.’s will also be considered. If the successful 
candidate is already tenured, the position will be tenured; if the candidate 
is nearing his or her tenure review at the time of application, he or she 
will be put on a fast track to tenure at the Universit y of Arkansas. The 
salary will be highly competitive. The job entails teaching, research, and 
ser vice. Teaching will consist of four courses per year, on a semester system: 
t wo graduate and/or undergraduate courses in the Department of 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



English and two courses in the Department of African-American Studies. 
Job per for mance w ill be evaluated jointly by the Chair of the Department 
of English and the Chair of African-American Studies; tenure will 
be in English. Submit letter, resume, writing sample, and letters of recommendation 
via Interfolio, in hard copy to the address above, or as email 
attachments, in .docx or .pdf, to Dorothy Stephens, Chair, via Sara Beth 
Spencer Bynum, Assistant, at <sspencer@uark.edu>. If submitting by 
email, please put “Application for English/A ASC Position” in the email 
header and begin every filename with the applicant’s last name. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. The deadline is November 4. Interviews 
will be held at the Annual Convention. The University of Arkansas 
is an Affirmative Action/EOE institution committed to achieving a culturally 
diverse faculty and staff. We encourage applications from all qualified 
candidates, especially individuals who contribute to diversity of our 
academic community. All applicants are subject to public disclosure under 
the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act and persons hired must have 
proof of legal authority to work in the United States. [R] 


U of Central Arkansas 

English, 201 Donaghey Av Conway AR 72035 

Assistant Professor of English 15415 

The University of Central Arkansas English Department seeks qualified 
applicants for a tenure-track generalist in English literature at the assistant 
professor level, to begin in Fall 2012. Specialization may be in any aspect 
of English literature. Teaching load will usually consist of general education 
literature courses (including world literature), with occasional sophomore 
level surveys or courses in the candidate’s field. The ideal candidate 
would also be able to teach courses in language, such as Modern Grammars 
or Gender and Language. Other duties wil l include depar tmental 
service responsibilities. 

Applicants should have Ph.D. in English in hand before July 2012. Submit 
a letter of application, vita, three letters of recom mendation, and transcripts 
to 

Jay Ruud, Chair 
Department of English 
University of Central Arkansas 
201 Donaghey Ave. 
Conway, AR 72035 
JRuud@uca.edu 
Applications should be received by November 30, 2011. 
UCA is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. This position 

is pending funding approval. [R] 


CAlifor niA 
C of Marin 

English, 835 College Av Kentfield CA 94904 

English Skills Instructor-Reading and/or Composition 15188 

http://apptrkr.com/203686 
College of Marin 
English Skills Instructor-Reading and/or Composition 
Closing Date/Time: Fri. 09/23/11 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
Salar y: $45,527.00-$86,941.00 Annually 
Job Type: Full-time, Tenure-track Faculty 
Location: Kentfield, Indian Valley (Novato) &/or Online, California 
We are accepting applications for two (2) full-time English Skills Instruc


tor-Reading and/or Composition positions. You need only apply once to 

be considered for either position. 

Coursework in English Skills addresses student needs in basic skills/de


velopmental reading and compositions including the required course se


quences, based on placement testing that provides preparation for success 
in transfer-level reading and writing. Course offering in the English Skills 
are designed to help students make systematic progress in developing a set 
of closely-related learning outcomes: critical thinking abilities, awareness 
and appreciation of their own and others’ cultures, the ability to pay disciplined, 
informed, and critical attention to printed language and visual 
media, and the ability to write clearly-reasoned well-sourced, coherent, 
fully-developed texts in a variety of genres and for a variety of audiences. 

Requirements & Desirables: 
REQUIREMENTS 

1. A Master’s degree in Education with an emphasis in the teaching of 
reading and/or composition, English, Literature, Comparative Literature, 
or Composition; OR 
2. A Bachelor’s degree in any of the above AN D a Master’s degree in 
Linguistics, TESL, Speech, or Education with a specialization in Reading 
and/or Composition; OR 
3. The equivalent; AND 
4. A demonstrated sensitivity to and an understanding of the diverse academic, 
socioeconomic, cultural, and ethnic backgrounds, disabilities and 
learning styles of community college students and the campus community 
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
Teaching Philosophy Statement 
Based on your professional experience and knowledge of relevant re


search, describe your teaching philosophy and approach to developmental 
students (Please limit your response to 500 words or less) 
GENERAL ATTRIBUTES,SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE 


* Ability and enthusiasm to use teaching methods that engage students 
and encourage them to be motivated self-learners. 
* Knowledge of and skill in use of computer technologies for educational 
purposes, including computer-based learning. 
* Commitment to the teaching profession, its goals and ideals, and enthusiasm 
for the mission of the College of Marin. 
* Evidence of commitment to professional growth and service which may 
include, but not lim ited to, membership in professional organizations, 
presenting workshops, attend ing conferences or train ing, development 
of curriculum and instructional materials, membership in school/college 
committees or production of classroom-based research. 
* Ability to communicate and collaborate effectively and professionally 
with colleagues (faculty, administration and staff ); 
* Evidence of excel lent written and verbal sk ills in English and strong 
organizational skills. 
REQUIRED CLEAR ANCES 
Criminal Justice/Fingerprint Clearance 
Tuberculin (TB) Clearance 
REQUIRED APPLICATION DOCUMENTS 


A. Cover Letter 
B. Resume 
C. Transcript conferring Master's degree 
D. Transcript conferring Bachelor's degree 
E. Teaching Philosophy Statement (see above for details) 
Supplemental & Salary Information: 
SUPPLEM ENTA L INFORMATION 
Option to work Summer Program, 6 weeks, 4days/week, Salary based on 
80% of full-time 
SALARY INFORMATION 
FLSA Status: Exempt 
Please refer to our Human Resources web site for salar y schedules. Step 

14 is the highest entering step for permanent teachers new to the District. 
To apply, please visit: http://apptrkr.com/203686 
EOE jeid-272560b25e5e3a3bcaeb46b30da807d5 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


C of Marin 

English, 835 College Av Kentfield CA 94904 

English Instructor 15187 

http://apptrkr.com/203680 
College of Marin 
English Instructor 
Closing Date/Time: Fri. 09/23/11 11:59 PM Pacific Time 
Salar y: $45,527.00-$86,941.00 Annually 
Job Type: Full-time, Tenure-track Faculty 
Location: Kentfield, Indian Valley (Novato) &/or Online, California 
We are accepting applications for two (2) full-time English Instructor po


sitions. You need only apply once to be considered for either position. 
Coursework in English addresses student needs in transfer level composition, 
as well as literature and creative writing. Course offerings in English 
are designed to guide students toward a number of closely-related goals: 
the development of critical thinking abilities, the creation of an awareness 
and appreciation of their own and others' cultures, and the realization of 


the importance of paying disciplined, informed, and critical attention to 
printed language and visual media as well as their own writing. 
Requirements & Desirables: 
REQUIREMENTS 


1. A Master's degree in English, Literature, Comparative Literature,or 
Composition; OR A Bachelor's degree in any of the above AND a Master's 
degree in Linguistics, TESL, Speech, or Education with a specialization 
in Reading, Creative Writing, or Journalism; OR 
2. The equivalent; AND 
3. A demonstrated sensitivity to and an understanding of the diverse academ 
ic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability and ethnic backg rounds of 
community college students and the campus community. 
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
Teaching Philosophy Statement 
Based on your professional experience and knowledge of relevant re


search, please describe your teaching philosophy in regard to developmental 
and transfer level composition as well as literature. (Please limit 
your response to 500 words.) 

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES (Desirable Attributes & Skills) 

* Experience teaching in higher education, preferably at a communit y 
college. 
* Experience in the assessment of English students and in current teaching 
and laboratory methodologies related to reading and writing for successful 
instruction in Composition and Literature. 
* Background, coursework and/or teaching experience in Eng lish and 
Amer ican Literature, Composition, and cr itical reading, writing, and 
thinking. 
* Broad knowledge of composition pedagogies and tutoring methodologies. 
* Commitment to maintain currency in the discipline, including use of 
advanced technology required in the discipline. 
* Strong com m itment to professional growth and development, and to 
the continued innovation and improvement of successful teaching. 
* Willingness to facilitate and encourage student learning by working to 
develop varied and innovative academic learning environments. 
* Ability and willingness to teach a wide range of classes as schedules and 
institutional commitments require. 
REQUIR ED CLEAR ANCES 
Criminal Justice/Fingerprint Clearance 
Tuberculin (TB) Clearance 
REQUIR ED APPLICATION DOCUMENTS 

A. Cover Letter 
B. Resume 
C. Transcript conferring Master's degree 
D. Transcript conferring Bachelor's degree 
E. Teaching Philosophy Statement (see above for details) 
Supplemental & Salary Information: 
SUPPLEM ENTA L INFORMATION 
Option to work Summer Program, 6 weeks, 4 days/week, Salar y based 
on 80% of full-time. 
SALARY INFORMATION 
FLSA Status: Exempt 
Please refer to our Human Resources web site for salar y schedules. Step 

14 is the highest entering step for permanent teachers new to the District. 
To apply, please visit: http://apptrkr.com/203680 
EOE jeid-067696e74cf 7a82c37f145e02e4cdba5 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Contemporary and Modern British Literature 
15176 

http://WWW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG 
ENGLISH-Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor of 
English at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, 
to begin September 10, 2012. Specialization in Contemporar y and 
Modern British Literature required; sub-specialty in Contemporary and 
Moder n Trans-Atlantic Literature or Post-Colonial Literature strongly 
desired. All tenured and tenure-track faculty teach courses in their areas 
of specialization at the undergraduage and graduate levels. Duties for this 
position also include teaching general education literature survey and/or 
composition courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university. In the 
English Depar tment the t ypical teaching load is nine courses annua l ly 
with cor respondingly reasonable research expectations. Salar y is commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Requirements include: a 
Ph.D. in English at time of appointment, exper ience and excellence in 
college-level teaching, and evidence of professional activit y that keeps 
the candidate abreast of scholarship within his or her professional field. 
To apply, please visit http://W WW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a 
required online facult y application and apply to Requisition #102385. 
Please attach to your electronic application a cover letter, vita, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and writing sample indicative of area of scholarship. 
Please see online posting for mailing instructions for three current 
letters of recommendation, official transcripts showing highest degree and 
any other documents that cannot be submitted online. REVIEW BEGIN 
DATE: November 15, 2011. Interviews will be at the MLA Convention. 
For questions please call (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed 
to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The university actively 
encourages applications and nominations of al l qualif ied individuals. 
EEO. [R] 


California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor-Technical and Professional Communication 15175 

http://WWW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG 
ENGLISH-Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor of 
English at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, 
to begin September 10, 2012. Specialization in Technical and Professional 
Communication. The candidate will help redesign and revitalize 
our undergraduate Technical Communication Certificate Program, and 
will build upon new cross-disciplinary collaborations with the College 
of Engineering. Duties include program administration, curriculum and 
program development, teaching upper-and lower-division technical and 
professional communication courses, and establishing and overseeing student 
internships. Ability in a secondary field is strongly desirable; areas 
of interest might include l iterature, composition and rhetor ic, or new 


media studies. The department is open to fresh ideas for a technical and 
professional communications program that will flourish in the 21st centur 
y. For this position we seek leadership, creativity, and an eagerness to 
form partnerships with colleagues from all over our campus and to work 
with a diverse range of California industries and communities. Cal Poly 
is primarily a teaching university. In the English Department the typical 
teaching load is nine courses annually with correspondingly reasonable 
research expectations. Salar y is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Requirements include: a Ph.D. in English or related field at time 
of appointment, experience and excellence in college-level teaching, and 
evidence of professional activity that keeps the candidate abreast of scholarship 
within his or her professional field. To apply, please visit http:// 
W WW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a required online faculty application 
and apply to Requisition #102384. Please attach to your electronic 
application a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and 
writing sample indicative of area of scholarship. Please see online posting 
for mailing instructions for three current letters of recommendation, 
official transcripts showing highest degree and any other documents that 
cannot be submitted on line. R EVIEW BEGIN DATE: November 15, 
2011. Inter views wil l be at the MLA Convention. For questions please 
call (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The university actively encourages applications 
and nominations of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 


California S Polytechnic U, Pomona 

English & For Langs, 3801 W Temple Av Pomona CA 91768 

Assistant Professor, 20th/21st-Century American Literature 15317 

http://www.class.csupomona.edu/efl/ 
The Department of English and Foreign Languages invites applications 
and nom inations for the position of Assistant Professor of 20th/21stCent 
ur y A mer ica n Literat u re ( backg round in A f r ican A mer ican or 
Chicano Literature prefer red). Fur ther interest or exper ience in one or 
several of the following – teacher preparation, creative writing, and earlier 
periods of American literature-is also desirable. Required Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in 20th/21st Centur y American Literature by the time of 
appointment; evidence of effective teaching; evidence of scholarly potential; 
demonstrated ability to respond to the educational equity goals of the 
University and its increasing ethnic diversity and international character. 
Date of Appointment: September 2012. Consideration of completed applications 
begins November 30, 2011, and will continue until the position 
is filled. AA/EOE. Application forms and full job description are available 
from http://academic.csupomona.edu/faculty/positions.aspx. 

Claremont Grad U 

English, 121 E Tenth St Claremont CA 91711 

Professor of English 15471 

http://www.cgu.edu/pages/6986.asp 
The School of Arts & Humanities and the Department of English at Claremont 
Graduate Universit y announce a position in English, with appointment 
at the rank of associate professor. The ideal candidate will have 
strong scholarly credentials in some area of British eighteenth-centur y, 
romantic, or nineteenth-centur y literature, plus a wil lingness to teach 
and direct graduate study in other areas of British literature, 1700 to present. 
We especially encourage the application of candidates with expertise 
in gender and women's studies; transatlantic, post-colonial and literar y 
theor y, material culture, and/or British modernism. Claremont Graduate 
University is a small, graduate-only institution, and its School of Arts and 
Humanities encourages interdisciplinary study among its departments of 
English, Cultural Studies, History, Philosophy, Music, and Art. All teaching 
is on the graduate level. The normal teaching load is two courses per 

semester. Members of underrepresented minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. 
In addition to classroom teaching, faculty are expected to spend a signifi


cant amount of time in an advisory capacity. CGU prides itself on providing 
its g raduate students with a qualit y and quantit y of mentoring not 

usually found at universities that also serve undergraduates. The successful 
candidate for this position will be expected to do student advising on curriculum, 
coursework, exams, portfolios and dissertations; these areas of 
responsibility are as important as seminar-based teaching. 

Please submit a letter of application, c.v., writing sample (20 pages maximum), 
and three letters of reference—at least one of which speaks to the 
applicant's teaching/mentoring abilities—to: 

Professor Lori Anne Ferrell, 
Department of English 
School of Arts and Humanities 
Faculty Search Committee 
121 E. Tenth Street 
Claremont, CA 91711 
Applications must be postmarked by October 28, 2011. Interviews of se


lected candidates will be held in early December. Please visit our website 

for more information about this position: www.cgu.edu/sah/jobs. 
Claremont Graduate University is an Equal Opportunity Employer and 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, place of national 
origin, age, gender, sex, sexual orientation, or physical handicap in its 
employment practice and in adm ission of students to educational programs 
and activities in accordance with the requirements of Title IX of 
the Education Amendments of 1972 and other applicable laws. CGU is 
committed to affi rmative action in employment practices regarding ethnic 
m inorities, the physical ly handicapped, Vietnam-era veterans, and 
women. In addition to meeting its obligations under federal and state law, 
Claremont Graduate University is committed to increasing faculty diversity. 
CGU complies with the guidelines set forth by the Americans with 
Disabilities Act of 1990. If you have special needs with the application 
process, notify us at the address above as soon as possible. Reasonable efforts 
will be made to accommodate your special needs. 

In addition to meeting ful ly its obligations under federal and state law, 
CGU is committed to creating a community in which a diverse population 
can live and work in an atmosphere of tolerance, civility, and respect 
for the rights and sensibilities of each individual, without regard to economic 
status, ethnic background, political views, sexual orientation, gender, 
religion, or other personal characteristics or beliefs. 

Pepperdine U 

Humanities, 24255 Pacific Coast Hw y Malibu CA 90263 

F letcher Jones Endowed Chair of Great Books 

http://seaver.pepperdine.edu/dean/faculty/ 
The Humanities and Teacher Education Division announces the Fletcher 
Jones Endowed Chair of Great Books. Applicants must have the Ph.D. 
in a related discipline, a demonstrable commitment to excellent teaching, 
and an outstanding record of peer-reviewed scholarly publication. The 
successful candidate will teach undergraduate Great Books courses and 
provide leadership for the Great Books program. Review of applications 
will begin November 1, 2011 and continue until position is filled; effective 
date of employment is August 1, 2012. For information on how to 
apply, please visit http://seaver.pepperdine.edu/dean/faculty/. [R] 


San Jose SU 

English & Comp Lit, 1 Washington Sq San Jose CA 95192 

Assistant Professor of Composition/Rhetoric 

http://www.sjsu.edu/english/ 
The Department of English & Comparative Literature at San Jose State 
University seeks to hire an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) in Composition/
Rhetoric with a strong secondar y emphasis in Career/Professional/ 
Technical Writing. Required are a Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric by 
date of appointment, evidence of a strong secondar y emphasis in Career/ 
Professional/Technical writing, and university teaching experience. Administrative 
experience in writing programs is desirable. Our new colleag 
ue w i l l teach upper-d iv ision a nd lower-d iv ision w r it i ng cou r ses 


including the department's courses in technical and professional writing 
and will eventually oversee our Career Writing Program. Additional assignments 
may include graduate courses in composition and rhetoric. The 
candidate will also assist the department's Wr iting Programs Director. 
Excellent teaching, publications, committee and other ser vice to the department 
and university, and fundraising/grant activity will be necessary 
components of tenure. Applicants should have awareness of and sensitivity 
to the educational goals of a multicultural population as might have 
been gained in cross-cultural study, training, teaching, and other comparable 
experience. Through course materials, teaching strategies, and advisement, 
the candidate must address the needs of a student population 
diverse in age, cultural background, ethnicity, primar y language, and academic 
preparation. 

Salary Range is commensurate with qualifications and experience. The 
starting date for the job is 20 August 2012. Employment is contingent 
upon proof of eligibility to work in the United States. 

For full consideration the candidate should send a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, statement of teaching interests and philosophy, statement 
of research plans, and at least three original letters of reference with 
referees' contact information by 1 November 2011 to: 

John Engell, Chair and Member of the Search Committee 
Department of English & Comparative Literature 
San Jose State University 
One Washington Square 
San Jose, CA 95192-0090 
San Jose State University is California's oldest institution of public higher 

education. The campus is located on the southern end of San Francisco 
Bay in downtown San Jose, hub of the Silicon Valley high-technolog y 
research and development center. Many of California's most popular recreational 
and cultural attractions are nearby. A member of the 23-campus 
California State University system, San Jose State enrolls approximately 
25,000 students, a significant percentage of whom are members of minority 
groups. The University is committed to increasing the diversity of its 
faculty so our disciplines, our students, and the community benefit from 
multiple ethnic and gender perspectives. 

San Jose State Universit y is an Equal Opportunit y/Af f ir mative Action 
employer committed to non-discrimination on the bases of race, color, 
relig ion, national or igin, sex, sexual orientation, gender status, mar ital 
status, pregnancy, age, disability, or covered veteran status consistent with 
applicable federal and state laws. This policy applies to all SJSU students, 
faculty, and staff as well as to University programs and activities. Reasonable 
accommodations are made for applicants with disabilities who self-
disclose. 

The latest SJSU Safety 101 Uniform Campus Crime and Security report 
is available by contacting the University Police Department at 408-9242222 
or by visiting the University Police Department website at http:// 
www.sjsupd.com/asr/index. html [R] 


Stanford U 

Comp Lit, 450 Serra Mall, Bldg 260 Stanford CA 94305 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 15319 

http://dlcl.stanford.edu 
The Department of Comparative Literature within the Division of Literatures, 
Cultures, and Languages at Stanford University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the primar y area of Arabic 
literature and culture with a starting date of September 1, 2012. Candidates 
should have a strong comparatist background and be able to bring 
their work and interests into a wide conversation amongst both specialists 
and non-specialists. The ideal applicants would demonstrate versatility in 
teaching Arabic literature and culture over the entire range of Arabic history, 
and have near-native fluency in both Arabic and English. Candidates 

are assumed to hold the Ph.D. by the time of appointment. For full consideration, 
materials must be received on-line by November 1, 2011. 
Duties include teaching courses at both the graduate and undergradu


ate levels as wel l as contributing to collaborative research and teaching 

initiatives within and beyond the department. The Department of Comparative 
Literature belongs to the Division of Literatures, Cultures, and 
Languages, an innovative consortium of departments that collaborate on 
curricular and research initiatives. 

A l l appl icat ion mater ia ls must be subm it ted on-l i ne v ia w w w.AcademicJobsOnline.
org (direct link: https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/ 
jobs/754). Please transmit you cover letter, curriculum vitae, statements 
of research and teaching interests (no more than 5 pages), teaching evaluations 
(if available), a writing sample the length of a typical research article 
or book chapter, along with three confidentia l letters of reference 
to: DLDL Stanford Arabic Search Committee, by November 1, 2011. Inquiries 
(only) should be directed to Allen Sciutto; phone: 650-725-6137, 
email: allen.sciutto@stanford.edu; street address: 450 Serra Mall, Pigott 
Hall 01–260, Stanford, CA 94305-2005. 

Stanford University is an equal opportunity employer and is committed 
to increasing the diversity of its faculty. It welcomes nominations of, and 
applications from, women and members of minorit y groups, as well as 
others who would bring additional dimensions to the university's research 
and teaching missions. [R] 


Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Open– rank tenured or tenure-track position in Medieval Literature 15233 

http://english.stanford.edu 
The Depar tment of English at Stanford Universit y is seeking to f ill a 
tenure-track or tenured position in medieval literature, at the Assistant, 
Associate, or Full Professor rank. We welcome applications from scholars 
across a wide range of areas in the field, from the early to the late Middle 
Ages, especially those whose work speaks to other specialties in the discipline 
of English and beyond. Record or potential of distinguished schol


arship and effective teaching at both graduate and undergraduate levels is 
required. 
Candidates are requested to submit a cover letter, c.v., and a detailed 

statement of research and teaching interests (no more than 5 pages) by 
October 21, 2011, to Medieval Search, English Department, Stanford 
University, 450 Serra Mall-Building 460, Stanford CA 94305-2087. We 
expect to interview at MLA. 

Stanford University is an equal opportunity employer and is committed 
to increasing the diversity of its faculty. It welcomes nominations of, and 
applications from, women and members of minorit y groups, as well as 
others who would bring additional dimensions to the university’s research 
and teaching missions. [R] 


U of California, Berkeley 

East Asian Langs & Cultures, 3413 Dwinelle Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Chinese Film 

http://www.berkeley.edu 
The Department of East Asian Languages and Cultures and the Department 
of Film and Media at UC Berkeley seek applications at the Assistant 
or Associate Professor level (tenure track) in Chinese Film. Applicants 
should have broad film competence, demonstrable either through formal 
study or publication record, and be able to teach courses in fi lm theory, 
film history, and Chinese fi lm and culture. Interest in New Media also a 
plus. The department seeks candidates whose research, teaching, or service 
has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and 
inclusion in higher education. Applications should consist of a cover letter 
describing research and teaching interests, a curriculum vitae, three letters 
of reference, and a writing sample of not more than 30 pp. Please refer 
potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley statement of confidentiality found 
at http://apo.chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.html. Send application materials 
by PDF to Jane Taylorson (astobiza@berkeley.edu), or by mail to the 
Search Committee, Department of Film and Media, University of California, 
Berkeley, CA 94720-2670. Please do not send materials by FAX. 


Deadline for receipt of applications: October 17, 2011. The University of 
California is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor of English 15475 

http://english.berkeley.edu/ 
The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for an Assistant 
Professor position specializing in 20th-Centur y British and/or Irish literat 
u res a nd cu lt u res. We welcome a l l cr it ica l approaches, i nclud i ng 
transnational and comparative, and especially encourage applications 
from candidates work ing on the novel and/or other narrative genres. 
( We prefer that candidates have the Ph.D. or equivalent by the time of 

employment.) The appointment is to be effective July 1, 2012, subject to 
budgetary approval. 
Candidates should send an application letter, at least three letters of rec


ommendation, a self-addressed stamped postcard for acknowledgment, 
and two copies of both CV and a writing sample of 10,000 words to: 
Chair, 20th-Century Search Committee 
Department of English 
322 Wheeler Hall #1030 
Berkeley CA 94720-1030 and/or 
https://ls-ourunit.berkeley.edu/candidate/selRegister.php?i=578 

(electronic submissions preferred) 
This URL allows candidates to register and upload application material. 
Once application materials have been uploaded, candidates will be given 
a URL where their referees may upload PDFs of their letters, if they wish 
to submit them electronically. Please refer potential reviewers to the UC 
Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality at: http://apo.chance.berkeley.edu/ 
eval ltr.html 

Application mater ial must be postmarked or uploaded by October 31, 

2011 to be considered. 
This department seeks candidates whose research, teaching, or service has 
prepared them to contribute to our commitment to inclusion and diversity 
in higher education. The University of California is an Affi rmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor of English 15296 

http://english.berkeley.edu/ 
The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for an Assistant 
Professor position specializing in Asian American literatures and cultures, 
including transnational and comparative approaches (We prefer that can


didates have the Ph.D or equivalent by the time of employment.) The 
appointment is to be effective July 1, 2012, subject to budgetar y approval. 
Candidates should send an application letter, at least three letters of rec


ommendation, a self-addressed stamped postcard for acknowledgment, 
and two copies of both CV and a writing sample of 10,000 words to: 
Chair, Asian American Search Committee 
Department of English 
322 Wheeler Hall #1030 
Berkeley CA 94720-1030 and/or 
http://ls-ourunit.berkeley.edu:80/candidate/selRegister.php?i=577 


(electronic submissions preferred) 
This URL allows candidates to register and upload application material. 
Once application materials have been uploaded, candidates will be given 
a URL where their referees may upload PDFs of their letters, if they wish 
to submit them electronically. Please refer potential reviewers to the UC 
Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality at: http://apo.chance.berkeley.edu/ 
eval ltr.html. 


Application mater ial must be postmarked or uploaded by October 31, 

2011 to be considered. 
The department seeks candidates whose research, teaching, or service has 
prepared them to contribute to our commitment to inclusion and diversity 
in higher education. The University of California is an Affi rmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 

U of California, Berkeley 

Ethnic Studies, PO Box 2570, 506 Barrows Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

TENUR E TR ACK APPOINTMENT IN COMPAR ATIVE ETHNIC 
STUDIES 15572 

http://ethnicstudies.berkeley.edu/ 


TENUR E TR ACK APPOINTM ENT IN COMPA R ATIV E ETHNIC 
STUDIES 
WITH AN EMPHASIS ON CHICANA/O LATINA/O STUDIES 
Pending budgetar y approval, the Depar tment of Ethnic Studies at the 


Universit y of California, Berkeley, invites applications for an Assistant 
Professor of comparative ethnic studies with an emphasis on Chicana/o 
Latina/o studies. The successful candidate should have a Ph.D. in an appropr 
iate disciplinar y or interdisciplinar y field by the time of appointment. 
We encourage scholars engaged in the overlapping research areas 
of Chicana/o and U.S. Latina/o cultural studies, visual and performance 
studies, media studies, feminist studies, and queer studies to apply. The 
position will have teaching responsibilities in the Chicana/o Studies Program, 
the comparative Ethnic Studies underg raduate prog ram and the 
Comparative Ethnic Studies doctoral program. The department seeks 
candidates whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute 
to our commitment to diversity and inclusion in higher education. 


Salar y is commensurate with the level of appointment and based on Uni


versity of California pay scales. 
Applications are due by Monday, November 7, 2011, for a star t date of 
July 1, 2012. Applications should include a cover letter, CV, writing sample 
or publication, supporting evidence of teaching quality (if available) 
and names of 3 referees with contact information. Please direct your referees 
to the University's statement on confidentiality of records at http:// 
apo.chance.berkeley,edu/evalltr.html. 


Applications may be submitted to: 
http://ls-ourunit.berkeley.edu:80/candidate/selRegister.php?i=593 
(website) or by mail to: 
Chair, Search Committee, 506 Barrows Hall, University of California, 


Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720-2570. 
UCB is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. The Universit 
y of California, Berkeley, is comm itted to addressing the family 
needs of faculty. [R] 


U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor of Medieval English Literature (c. 1100 –1500) 15146 

http://english.ucdavis.edu 
The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in medieval English 
literature (with specialization anywhere within the years 1100 to 
1500). PhD or ABD (degree completed by summer 2012) required. We 
seek candidates with the achievement or promise of a strong record of 
scholarship and publication, a commitment to excellence in teaching, and 

the desire to work collaboratively with the vibrant community of medievalists 
on our campus. 
Responsibi l it ies w i l l i nclude teachi ng u nderg raduate a nd g raduate 

courses, mentor ing students, ser ving on dissertation comm ittees, and 
actively participating in all aspects of the life of the department. To ensure 
consideration prior to the MLA convention, submit letter of application, 
c.v., dossier containing at least three letters of recommendation, and 


a writing sample (20 –25 pages) to Seeta Chaganti, Chair of the Search 
Committee. Application materials accepted online at https://recruitments 
.ucdavis.edu. The position is open until filled. For full consideration, applications 
must arrive no later than November 10, 2011. [R] 


U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 149 Humanities Bldg Box 951530 Los Angeles CA 90095 

Native American Studies 15474 

http://english.ucla.edu 
The UCLA Departments of English and History, in collaboration with 
the American Indian Studies Center, invite applications for an open-
ranked tenured and tenure-track position in Native A mer ican Studies. 
Candidates should demonstrate engagement with the changing dynamics 
of the field, and have a strong record of publication that engages the 
literature and/or history of Native American cultures and societies. The 
successful candidate could be housed in either the Histor y or English 
department, or have a split appointment bet ween the t wo. Candidates 
should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 20-page writing 
sample, and dossier including three letters of recommendation to Search 
Committee, American Indian Studies Center, 3220 Campbell Hall, University 
of California-Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095. The position 
is subject to final administrative approval. UCLA is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 


U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 149 Humanities Bldg Box 951530 Los Angeles CA 90095 

Post-World War II American Fiction 15318 

http://english.ucla.edu 
The Department of English at UCLA invites applications for the position 
of tenure-track assistant professor of American Fiction since 1945. Candidates 
should demonstrate engagement with the changing dynamics of 
the field, which is now characterized by interdisciplinar y approaches and 
new configurations of interests, including (though not limited to) critical 

theory, gender and sexuality studies, literature and science, film and visual 
arts, and other innovative frameworks. 
Candidates should subm it a letter of application, cur riculum vitae, 20 


pa ge w r it i ng sa mple, a nd dossier i nclud ing th ree let ter s of recommendation 
to A li Behdad, Chair, UCLA Department of English, 149 
Humanities Building, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Application dossiers 
are due by November 15, 2011. Interviews will be held at the MLA convention 
in Seattle in Januar y 2012. The position is subject to f ina l administrative 
approval. UCLA is an affi rmative action/equal opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 149 Humanities Bldg Box 951530 Los Angeles CA 90095 

20th-Century American Literature and Culture 15316 

http://english.ucla.edu 
The Department of English at UCLA invites applications from distin


guished scholars and teachers for the position of full professor of American 
literature and culture after 1900. 
Candidates should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and 

the names of five referees to A li Behdad, Chair, UCLA Department of 
English, 149 Humanities Building, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Application 
dossiers are due by November 15, 2011. The position is subject to 
final administrative approval. UCLA is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, 3431 South Hall c/o South Hall Administrative Support Ctr 
Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor, Literature and American Race/Ethnicity 
Studies in a Global Context 

http://www.english.ucsb.edu 
We seek cand id ates who specia l i ze i n l iterat ure and A mer ican race/ 
ethnicit y in a global, transnational, or comparative context. We welcome 
candidates who engage w ith the methods, archives, and theor ies 
of reading literature while specializing in such areas as Latino/a Studies, 

Chicana/o, Afro-Latina/o, Hemispheric Asian literatures and culture, indigenous 
culture, transnationalisms and/or transoceanic networks. 
The idea l candidate wil l be able to teach a range of courses (from the 

introductory level to the graduate level) in literature and race/ethnicity 
studies, as well as a literar y historical field; and contribute to the department's 
American Cultures & Global Contexts Center and Hemispheric 
South/s initiative. The department is especially interested in candidates 
who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching and service. (Please visit http://english 
.ucsb.edu for information on our department's ongoing centers and initiatives.) 
Position effective July 1, 2012. Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 


Send letter of application, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, and nonreturnable 
sample of written work (20pp or less) to Literature and American 
Race/Ethnicity Studies Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106-3170. Applicants should 
also complete the supplemental online data form at http://english.ucsb 
.edu/jobs/lare 

More information about the English Department and its centers, initia


tives, and specializations may be found at http://english.ucsb.edu. 
To ensure full consideration, applications should be postmarked by October 
21, 2011. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. The University 
of California is an EO/AA employer. 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, 3431 South Hall c/o South Hall Administrative Support Ctr 
Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor, Literature and Theory of Technology/ 
Media/Information 15165 

http://www.english.ucsb.edu 
We seek candidates who specialize in literature and technolog y, media 
histor y and theor y, and/or infor mation (including infor mation societ y 
and culture) and whose work suits the particular research and teaching 
environment of an English department. Possible areas of study include 
historical and contemporary media systems in relation to cultural or sym


bolic expression; the social, political, or economic aspects of information 
technolog y in relation to the same; or the Digital Humanities. 
The idea l candidate wil l be able to teach a range of courses (from the 

introductor y level to the graduate level) in literature and technolog y/ 
media/information, as well as a literary historical field; contribute to the 
department's digital humanities and undergraduate specialization in Literature 
and Culture of Information; and intersect with the department's 
collaborative research and teaching initiatives (including the Transcriptions 
Center). The department is especially interested in candidates who 
can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching, and service. (Please visit http://english.ucsb 
.edu for information on our department's ongoing initiatives.) Position effective 
July 1, 2012. Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 

Send letter of application, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, and nonretur 
nable sample of wr itten work (20pp or less) to Literature and Technolog 
y/Media/Information Search Committee, Department of English, 
Un iver sit y of Ca l ifor n ia, Santa Ba rbara, CA 93106 -3170. Appl ica nt s 


should also complete the supplemental online data form at http://english 

.ucsb.edu/jobs/ltmi 
More information about the English Department, its Literature and Culture 
of Information specialization, and its other centers, initiatives, and 
specializations may be found at http://english.ucsb.edu. 

To ensure full consideration, applications should be postmarked by October 
21, 2011. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. The University 
of California is an EO/AA employer. 

U of California, Santa Cruz 

Lang Prog, 1156 High St, Cowell C Santa Cruz CA 95064 

Lecturer with Security of Employment 15190 

http://apptrkr.com/203418 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SANTA CRUZ 
WRITING PROGR AM 
LECTURER WITH SECURITY OF EMPLOYMENT 
The Writing Program at the University of California, Santa Cruz, seeks 

applicants with expertise in composition and rhetoric and significant experience 
working with multilingual students to fill up to two permanent, 
full-time leadership positions as Lecturer with Security of Employment 
(SOE). UCSC’s Writing Program has a moderately sized faculty, and is 
interested in a teacher-administrator with faculty development experience 
whose expertise in applied linguistics/multilingualism, program assessment, 
or both will help us develop our programs for incoming UCSC students. 
The successful candidate will teach a range of writing courses and 
share administrative responsibilities with other Writing Program faculty, 
and will take a leadership role in grant writing, program assessment and 
faculty and course development, especially involving courses designed to 
effectively support the success of English language learners: thus collaborative 
work with other campus units engaged in related enter prises is 
important. 

MINIMUM QUA LIFICATIONS: Doctoral degree or equivalent in a 
relevant discipline. A minimum of six years of successful university-level 
teaching. Demonstrated excellence in teaching college composition and 
rhetor ic, including teaching wr iting to multilingual, second language, 
heritage, and/or generation 1.5 students. Demonstrated engagement with 
the pedagog y of writing and rhetorical theor y. Evidence of skill at working 
with students and colleagues from diverse social and cultural backgrounds. 


POSITION AVAILABLE: July 1, 2012, with academic year commencing 

Fall 2012 (subject to final budgetar y approval). 
TO APPLY: Please send (1) a detailed letter of application describing how 
your teaching, training, and administrative experience prepare you for 
this position; (2) a curriculum vitae; (3) three current letters of recommendation*, 
sent directly to the address below, dated September 2009 or 
later; and (4) sample syllabi, including syllabus and writing assignments for 
a composition course for first-year students akin to Writing 2 (for course 
descriptions and other information, see the Writing Program website at 
http://writing.ucsc.edu). Applicants are invited to submit a statement addressing 
their contr ibutions to diversit y through their teaching and/or 
service. Other pertinent materials may also be sent. For more information 
about the position, please contact Writing Program Manager Pamela 
Edwards (pedwards@ucsc.edu). Please send application materials via U.S. 
mail*** to: 

LSOE Search Committee 
c/o Pamela Edwards, Manager 
Writing Program 
MS: Kresge College 
University of California 
1156 High Street 
Santa Cruz, CA 95064 
Please refer to Position #618–12 in all correspondence 
*Please do not submit applications electronically* 

Applications: See http://apptrkr.com/203418 (position# 618–12) for full 


detailed description of the position/application. 
CLOSING DATE: The position will remain open until filled. In order 
to be considered at the initial screening, the complete application must be 
postmarked by October 11, 2011. 


EOE 


U of California, Santa Cruz 

Lit, Humanities Bldg 1 1156 High St Santa Cruz CA 95064 

Early Modern Comparative Studies/Shakespeare 

http://www.ucsc.edu/ 
Assistant or Associate Professor ( Position number 204 –12). Open until 


filled. In order to be considered at the initial screening, the complete application 
must be received by October 18, 2011. 
For complete job descriptions and application instructions, visit: 
http://hum-recruit.ucsc.edu/ 
The University of California, Santa Cruz, is an Affirmative Action/Equal 


Employment Opportunity Employer, committed to excellence through 
d iver sit y. We str ive to establ ish a cl im ate that welcomes, celebrates, 
and promotes respect for the contr ibutions of all students and employees. 
[R] 


U of California, Santa Cruz 

Lit, Humanities Bldg 1 1156 High St Santa Cruz CA 95064 

African-American (Modernism to Contemporary) 

http://www.ucsc.edu/ 
Assistant or Associate Professor (Position number 339–12). Open until 


filled. In order to be considered at the initial screening, the complete application 
must be received by October 25, 2011. 
For complete job descriptions and application instructions, visit: 
http://hum-recruit.ucsc.edu/ 
The University of California, Santa Cruz, is an Affirmative Action/Equal 


Employment Opportunity Employer, committed to excellence through 
d iver sit y. We str ive to establ ish a cl im ate that welcomes, celebrates, 
and promotes respect for the contr ibutions of all students and employees. 
[R] 


U of California, Santa Cruz 

Theater A rts, J-104 Theater Arts Center 1156 High Street Santa Cruz 
CA 95064 

Assistant/Associate Professor of Theater Arts 

http://apo.ucsc.edu/academic_employment/Employment_opportuni 
The Theater Arts Department at the University of California, Santa Cruz, 
invites applications for a tenure-track (assistant) or tenured (associate) 
professor with strength in performance theory, dramatic literature, and 
theater and performance histor y. Preferred secondar y specialties include 
playwriting, dramaturgy, or performance studies. In addition to the core 
of Euro-American theater, some research interest in non-Western theater, 
pre-twentieth century performance histor y, or multicultural theater is of 


particular interest. Required: Ph.D. or DFA and demonstrated successful 
university level teaching and excellent scholarship. 
Please submit the following via email to mrmorris@ucsc.edu 
1) letter of application; 2) curriculum vita; 3) one sample syl labus and 


statement of teaching philosophy; 4) one published article or book chapter 
(no more than 40 pages); and 5) a list of three referees from whom confidential 
letters of recommendation have been requested by the applicant. 


Initial screening deadline: October 31, 2011. 
Fu l l job de sc r ipt ion: ht t p://apo .ucsc .edu/ac adem ic _em ploy ment / 
jobs/567–12.pdf [R] 



U of La Verne 

Mod Langs, 1950 Third St La Verne CA 91750 

Assistant Professor of Modern Languages/Writing 15144 

http://www.laverne.edu 

#3122 – Assistant Professor of Modern Languages/Writing – College of 
Arts and Sciences 
The College of Ar ts and Sciences of the Universit y of La Verne invites 

applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in the Department of 
Modern Languages. The appointment will begin August 2012. Position 
duties include teaching composition courses, advising students, curriculum 
development of the writing program, and university service. 

Candidates must demonstrate an understanding of teaching, research, and 
service at a liberal arts college and be committed to the mission and vision 
of La Verne. The Writing Program is responsible for composition and 
rhetoric classes and offers a creative writing major; it is part of a college 
that stresses interdisciplinar y approaches to education, communit y engagement, 
and values undergraduate research. Candidates must possess 
a Ph.D. in rhetoric/composition (Ph.D. in English with an emphasis in 
rhetoric/composition will be considered) and demonstrate a commitment 
to undergraduate teaching and have a record of scholarship with a promise 
of continued publication. Additional experience in any of the following 
is desirable: TESOL, writing across the curriculum, or creative writing. 

EOE 

Review of applications will begin December 15, 2011. Interviews will be 
conducted at the MLA Conference in Januar y. 
Please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philoso


phy, and research agenda, along with three letters of reference in Word 
or PDF format to: jobs@laverne.edu, or mail to Human Resources, University 
of La Verne, 1950 Third Street, La Ver ne CA 91750. Reference 
position #3122. 

U of Redlands 

Office of the Dean, 1200 East Colton Ave. 1200 E Colton Av Redlands 
CA 92373 

John and Linda Seiter Endowed Chair for Director of Writing 15595 

http://www.redlands.edu 
The University of Redlands seeks a full time administrator to fill an endowed 
chair established to assess, reorganize, manage, and support the 
Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC) and composition programs for the 
College of Arts and Sciences at The University of Redlands beginning 
fall 2012. This twelve month per year position includes the following responsibilities: 


• Fostering a vibrant and collaborative culture of writing; 
• Assessing and supporting revision of wr iting curriculum and general 
education requirements; 

• Training, mentoring, and advising disciplinary faculty in writing pedagogy 
and curricular design; 
• Hiring, mentoring, and training composition instructors; 
• Teaching in the WAC and/or composition programs; 
• Overseeing and assessing student testing/placement, delivery of writing 
instruction, and student learning outcomes; 

• Assessing and meeting the learning needs of second-language, generation 
1.5, underprepared, and learning-disabled students; 
• Other duties as necessar y. 
Must have Ph.D. in a relevant field. The following are desirable: at least 
four years of administrative experience, including budgets and curricular 
planning; knowledge of rhetorical theory; expertise in testing, program 
assessment, and/or language acquisition; experience with team grading 
and/or portfolio scoring; interdisciplinar y interests. The Seiter Chair reports 
to the Dean of the College, and will work collaboratively with faculty 
across the College. 

To apply, submit cover letter, C.V., statement of writing program philosophy, 
br ief writing sample, and three letters of recom mendation via 
email to: SeiterEndowedChair@ redlands.edu. Review of subm issions 
will begin November 1, 2011. The University of Redlands is a liberal arts 
university with an undergraduate student body of 2,500. The University 
of Redlands is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate 
on the basis of race, color, religion, age, non-disqualifying disability, 
gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status, national origin, 
or ethnic origin. Members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to 
apply. 

U of San Diego 

English, 5998 A lcala Park San Diego CA 92110 

Assistant professor of Renaissance/Early Modern literature 

http://www.sandiego.edu/english 
University of San Diego 
English, 5998 Alcala Park 
San Diego, CA 92110 
http://w ww.sandiego.edu 
Assistant Professor of English in Renaissance/Early Modern Literature 
The Department of English of the Universit y of San Diego invites ap


plications for a tenure-track position in Renaissance/Early Modern literature, 
ef fective fal l 2012. USD is searching for a scholar with strong 
research interests in the period and able to teach courses in dramatic and 
non-dramatic literature. The teaching load is three courses per semester 
w ith the possibi lity of course reduction through the Facult y Research 
Grant program of the College. USD, an independent Catholic university, 
is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer with a strong institutional 
commitment to the achievement of diversity among its faculty, 
students, and staff. 

To apply: Please send detailed curriculum vitae and letter of application 
only by November 1, 2011, to Dr. Abraham Stoll, Chair, Renaissance/ 
Early Modern Search Committee, Department of English, University of 
San Diego, 5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 92110-2492. 

A l so, ple a se upload C V a nd let ter of appl ic at ion at ht t p://appt rk r 
.com/198237, job number IRC4469. Both online and print application 
required. 

We will conduct interviews at MLA 2012 in Seattle, WA . [R] 


U of San Francisco 

English, 2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117 

Assistant Professor, MFA in Writing Poetry-Tenure-Track 

http://apptrkr.com/202947 
Assistant Professor, MFA in Writing Poetr y-Tenure-Track 
UNIVERSITY OF SAN FR ANCISCO 
Main SF Campus 
The MFA in Writing program at the University of San Francisco invites 

applications for a tenure-track position in poetry at the Assistant Professor 

level to begin fall 2012. 
Job responsibilities include teaching graduate workshops and craft-based 
literature seminars and possibly an occasional undergraduate cw course. 
Administrative responsibilities include serving as coordinator for poetry 
cur r iculum and per for ming duties related to admissions and thesis approval. 
Expertise in a secondar y genre (fiction or creative nonfiction) is 
desirable, but not required. The teaching requirement is two courses per 
semester. 

Qualifications include an MFA or PhD with creative dissertation, demonstrated 
expertise in teaching in the genre (preferably at the graduate level) 
and developing curriculum, and an ability to contribute to an innovative, 
expanding writing program. The candidate must have a strong publication 
record, with at least two books of poetr y in print or under contract. 


Applicants should apply for this job on the HR website (http://www.usf 
jobs.com) by creating a username and login and providing the pertinent 
contact infor mation. To star t this process, click on the “Apply for this 
Job” link at the top of the page. 

Applicants should also submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of recommendation, and a brief statement of teaching philosophy (t wo 
to three single-spaced pages) electronically in PDF format directly to the 
program at mfasearch@usfca.edu. Finalists will be asked to submit a writing 
sample and teaching evaluations. 

Requisition Number: 2011–0011Facult y 
Closes: 10/24/2011 
For more information, visit http://apptrkr.com/202947 
EEO 

U of Southern California 

English, THH 404 Los Angeles CA 90089 

Assistant Professor of English 15529 

http://https://jobs.usc.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=61195 
The English Department in the Dana and David Dornsife College of Letters, 
Arts and Sciences at the Universit y of Souther n California (3501 
Trousdale Parkway, Los Angeles, CA 90089-0354) intends to hire one 
tenure-track Assistant Professor of English with expertise in Anglophone 
literature of the "long" eighteenth and/or nineteenth century. The posi


tion is anticipated to begin fall 2012. A possible affi liation with the USC-
Huntington Early Modern Studies Institute might exist. 
Ph.D. is required at the time of appointment. Please submit a cover letter, 


CV, precis, and three letters of recommendation to engsearch@dornsife 
.usc.edu by October 20, 2011. In order to be considered for this position, 
applicants are also required to submit an electronic USC application; follow 
this job link or paste in a browser: 


https://jobs.usc.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=61195 
USC strongly values diversit y and is committed to equal opportunit y 
in employment. Women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic 
groups, are encouraged to apply. 


Color Ado 
U of Denver 

English, 2000 E Asbur y Av Denver CO 80208 

Assistant Professor of English (Poetry & Creative Writing) 15130 

http://www.du.edu/ahss/schools/english/ 
The Department of English at the University of Denver invites applications 
for an entr y level Assistant Professor of English. We are currently 
seeking a poet with publications and substantial promise as a writer and 
teacher, starting in the fall of 2012. In addition to poetr y workshops, candidates 
should be qualified to teach a range of undergraduate and graduate 
literature courses in 19th and/or 20th centur y American poetr y. The successful 
candidate shall teach five (5) courses per academic year and will, at 
times, advise undergraduate and graduate students. He or she must show 
promise of ver y good to excellent teaching and will be expected to meet 

the English Department’s teaching requirements for tenure and promotion. 
Preferred qualifications: PhD at time of appointment with area(s) of spe


cialization in poetry and creative 
wr iting. An excellent record of teaching exper ience. Minimum qualifications: 
ABD in English with expectation that the dissertation will be 
finished by 12/1/11 and Ph.D. in hand by 9/1/12. In addition to poetr y 
workshops, candidates should be qualified to teach a range of undergraduate 
and graduate literature courses in 19th and/or 20th century American 
poetr y. Commitment to excellence in accomplishment, mentoring, and 
collaboration. 

Review of applications will begin November 15, 2011 and will continue 

until the position is filled. 
Those who wish to apply must submit an online application and attach a 
cover letter and a C.V. Please mail 3 letters of recommendation and any 
additional support materia ls by November 15, 2011 to Clark Davis by 
Chair, Department of English, 2000 East Asbury Avenue, University of 
Denver, Denver, CO 80208. The University of Denver is committed to 
enhancing the diversity of its faculty and staff and encourages applications 
from women, minorities, people with disabilities and veterans. DU is an 
EEO/A A employer. Please see our extensive benef it package at w w w. 
du.edu/hr/benefits. 

U of Denver 

English, 2000 E Asbur y Av Denver CO 80208 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 

http://www.du.edu/ahss/schools/english/ 
Full-time, tenure track position. The Department of English at the Uni


versity of Denver invites applications for an entr y level Assistant Professor 
of American Literature with specialty in Native 
A merican literature and/or one of the fol lowing literatures: Hispanic 


American, Asian American. 


Cand idates must demon st r ate the abi l it y to teach genera l cour ses in 
American literature prior to 1900. 
Tenure track. Successful teaching experience and publication in one or 


more of these areas required. 


The English Department has responsibility for BA, MA, and PhD degrees 
in both Literar y Studies and Creative Writing. 
Minimum qualifications: A BD in Native American, Hispanic American, 


and/or Asian A mer ican literature with the expectation that the dissertation 
wil l be fi nished by 12/1/11 and Ph D in hand by 9/1/12. Candidates 
must demonstrate the ability to teach American literature prior to 
1900. Must have successful teaching experience and publication in Native 
A mer ican, Hispanic Amer ican and/or Asian A mer ican literature. 
Preferred qualifications: Ph.D. at time of appointment. Area(s) of specialization 
in Native American, Hispanic American, and/or Asian American 
literature. An excellent record of teaching experience is preferred. 


Those who wish to apply must submit an online application and attach a 
cover letter and a C.V. Please mail 3 letters of recommendation and any 
additional suppor t mater ials to Clark Davis by November 15th, 2011, 
Chair, Department of English, 2000 East Asbury Avenue, University of 
Denver, Denver, CO 80208. 


The University of Denver is committed to enhancing the diversity of its 
facult y and staff and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
people with disabilities and veterans. DU is an EEO/AA employer. 


Please see our extensive benefit package at www.du.edu/hr/benefits. 


US Air Force Acad 

English, 2354 Fairchild Dr, Ste 6D207 USAF Academy CO 80840 

Assistant Professor of English (Rhetoric and Composition) 

http://www.usafa.edu/df/dfeng/positions.cfm 
United States Air Force Academy. Assistant Professor of English (Rhetoric 
and Composition) (#11–45ENG). The Department of English and 
Fine Arts invites applications to fi ll a faculty appointment, at the level of 
assistant professor, in Rhetoric and Composition beg inning June 25th, 
2012. The initial appointment wi l l be for three years. Successive reappointments 
of up to four years in length will be based upon an assessment 
of performance, Air Force and departmental needs, and funding availability. 
Responsibilities of this position include teaching core, development, 
and majors’ English courses to freshmen through seniors and fulfilling associated 
departmental duties. A Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition and 
a proven record of successfully teaching freshman composition and world 
literature is required. Specialty in digital literacy is a plus. Applications 
must be received by November 14th, 2011. For additional information 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


about this position, including application instructions, go to http://www 
.usafa.edu/df/dfeng/positions.cfm. U.S. citizenship required. [R] 


US Air Force Acad 

English, 2354 Fairchild Dr, Ste 6D207 USAF Academy CO 80840 

Assistant Professor of English(American Literature) 15569 

http://www.usafa.edu/df/dfeng/positions.cfm 
United States Air Force Academy. Assistant Professor of English (American 
Literature) (#11–44ENG). The Department of English and Fine Arts 
invites applications to fill a faculty appointment, at the level of assistant 
professor, in American literature after the Civil War beginning June 25th, 
2012. Secondary specialty in minority or ethnic literatures is highly desirable. 
The initial appointment will be for three years. Successive reappointments 
of up to four years in length will be based upon an assessment 
of performance, Air Force and departmental needs, and funding availability. 
Responsibilities of this position include teaching American Literature 
sur vey courses, general/special topic literature courses, and composition. 
A Ph.D. in English is required, as well as demonstrated excellence 
in teaching and scholarship. Applications must be received by November 
14th, 2011. For additional information about this position, including 
application instructions, go to http://www.usafa.edu/df/dfeng/positions 
.cfm. U.S. citizenship required. [R] 


ConneCtiCut 
Connecticut C 

English, 270 Mohegan Av, Box 5593 New London CT 06320 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature (Tenure Track) 15533 

http://www.conncoll.edu/departments/english 
Position available: Medieval literature 
The Department of Literatures in English at Connecticut College invites 

applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in medieval literature, 
beginning July 1, 2012. Specializations that provide opportunities 
for collaboration with the College’s interdisciplinary Centers, as well as 
other departments and programs, are especially encouraged. The Department 
has instituted a new Concentration in Race and Ethnicit y and is 
especially interested in candidates whose teaching will contribute to it. 

The successful candidate must show promise or significant achievement 
in research and publication in medieval literature. The position offers opportunities 
for collaboration with departments such as Classics, Histor y, 
Religious Studies, Gender and Women’s Studies, and A rt Histor y, the 
College’s interdisciplinary Centers, and the Medieval Studies program. 
Departmental courses are typically small seminars. All department members 
teach courses at all levels. 

Applicants are requested to send a letter detailing their research and teaching 
interests, a curriculum vitae, and a short writing sample (20 pp. maximum).
Three confidential letters of recommendation should be sent under 
separate cover to: 

David Greven, Chair 
Department of Literatures in English 
Box 5505 
Connecticut College 
270 Mohegan Ave 
New London, CT 06320 
Completed dossiers received in the department by November 1, 2011, 

will receive full consideration. 
Some further information on the department is available at www.conncoll 
.edu/departments/english. Connecticut College is a private, highly selective 
institution with a demonstrated commitment to outstanding faculty 
teaching and research. Recognizing that intellectual vitality and diversity 
are inseparable, the College has embarked on a significantly successful initiative 
to diversify its faculty, student body and curriculum. The College 

seeks creative scholars excited about working in a liberal arts setting, with 
its strong focus on engaged teaching, participation in shared governance, 
and active involvement in an institution-wide advancement of diversity. 

Tenure-track faculty members teach a 3–2 load (2–2 in the first year). In 
addition to providing ongoing strong support for teaching and research, 
the College offers the following resources for pre-tenured faculty: a summer 
stipend for the first two years, a supplementar y research fund, and a 
semester’s sabbatical after a successful third-year review. A/EEO. 

— [R] 
Trinity C 

English, 115 Vernon St Hartford CT 06106 

Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing 

http://www.trincoll.edu 
The English Department at Trinity College seeks to hire an actively publishing 
fiction writer to fill a tenure-track Assistant Professorship in fiction 
writing. Applicants for this position should have demonstrated ability 
to teach introductor y creative writing courses and advanced fiction workshops. 
Ph.D. or M.F.A., publications, and teaching experience required. 
We par ticularly welcome applications from aff irmative action and minority 
candidates. Please send a letter of application, c.v., three letters of 
recommendation, and a writing sample by November 1 to David Rosen, 
Chair, Department of English, Trinity College, Hartford, CT 06106. Preliminar 
y interviews at MLA, though we will consider alternatives. Trinity 
College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


Ya le U 

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 451 College St New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor, Comparative Literature and South Asian Literature 15447 

http://https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/Yale/complit 
The Department of Comparative Literature and the Council on South 
Asian Studies at Yale seek a tenure-track assistant professor in Comparative 
Literature to teach the literature of India and surrounding countries 
written in at least two modern South Asian languages (may include 
English), as wel l as broader World Literature courses. Research agenda 
should include comparative study of literature within South Asia or of Indian 
literature with that of other parts of the world, and be informed by 
literary theory, or by methodolog y drawn from interdisciplinary or inter-
arts approaches. The ideal candidate should demonstrate a commitment to 
general issues in Comparative Literature and command at least one world 
language from outside India(French, German, Russian, Spanish, Arabic, 
Chinese, etc). Besides its leading program in Comparative Literature, Yale 
has a growing, well-supported program in South Asian studies, currently 
encompassing courses in Hindi and Tamil. We seek applicants working 
in these and less-taught South Asian languages, and welcome a secondary 
emphasis on older south Asian literature. To apply please visit https:// 
academicjobsonline.org/ajo/Yale/complit or mail a letter of intererst, together 
with a CV and the names of three referees to: South Asian Search, 
Department of Comparative Literature, P.O. Box 208299, New Haven, 
CT 06520-8299. Review of applications will begin November 1, and will 
continue until the position is filled. Applications from women and members 
of minorit y groups are strongly encouraged. Yale is an affi r mative 
action/equal opportunity employer. 

delAwAre 
U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Chair of English 15548 

http://www.english.udel.edu/content/ 
The Department of English at the University of Delaware invites nominations 
and applications for the position of Chair. 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



The successful candidate will have a strong record of scholarly accomplishment 
and teaching, proven administrative experience, and evidence 
of successful leadership in a collegial environment. The field of specialization 
is open, and, while we anticipate that the appointment will be made 
at the rank of Full Professor, well qualified advanced Associate Professors 
are also encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will take up the 
position on September 1, 2012. 

The English department currently has 56 full-time faculty, 700 undergraduate 
students majoring in six concentrations and a program in English 
Education, and 50 graduate students in its M.A. and Ph.D. prog rams. 
Our graduate program’s interdisciplinar y tracks include race and ethnic-
it y, print/mater ial culture, and transatlantic/transnational studies. The 
depar tment also administers the fi rst-year composition program and is 
home to university-wide initiatives in writing. With a highly active and 
productive faculty and a strong commitment to undergraduate and graduate 
learning, the department is ded icated to excel lence in teaching and 
research. 

The department seeks a chair who will bring bold and imaginative leadership 
to strategically planning its future directions, look for opportunities 
to build upon our existing strengths and forge new collaborations across 
and beyond the campus, broaden our commitments to diversity and public 
engagement, and foster relationships with alumni and other external 
constituencies. 

Review of applications w il l begin after October 15 and continue until 
the position is filled. Applicants should apply on-line at http://www.udel 
.edu/udjobs and attach a letter of appl ication and cur r iculum vitae as a 
single pdf document. For ful l consideration, applications should be received 
by November 1st. 

Employment offers will be conditional upon successful completion of a 
cr imina l background check. A conviction wi l l not necessar ily exclude 
you from employment. The University of Delaware is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer that encourages applications from Minority Group Members 
and Women. [R] 


distr iCt of ColumbiA 
American U 

Lit, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Battelle-Tompk ins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor of World literature 15565 

The Department of Literature in the College of A rts and Sciences at 
A merican Universit y seeks to hire one tenure-track Assistant Professor 
with expertise in world literature specializing in one or more of the 
following reg ions: North A frica, the M iddle East, Southeast Asia, East 
Asia or the Indian sub-continent. Training in Comparative Literature a 
plus. Successful candidates will teach upper-level and graduate courses in 
field of specialization in English along with a range of General Education 
courses, including Third World Literature. 

Applications should include a cover letter that descr ibes research and 
teaching interests, a CV, and a writing sample in English, as well as three 
letters of recommendation sent directly by scholars familiar with your research 
and teaching. Candidate must have PhD in hand by the time the 
position starts. Pr ior teaching experience is preferred. Position to start 
August 2012. Applications should be submitted electronically as an email 
attachment in .pdf format to Catherine Johnson at cjohnson@american 
.edu. You may also send them by mail to Keith D. Leonard, Chair, Department 
of Literature, American University, 4400 Massachusetts Avenue, 
NW, Washington DC, 20016. Please direct any questions to Prof. Leonard 
at kdl@american.edu. Applications must be received by November 4, 

American University is an AA/EEO institution, committed to a diverse 
facu lt y, st af f and st udent body. Women and m inor it y cand id ates are 
strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 


Georgetown U 

English, 306 New North 37th & O Sts N W Washington DC 20057 

Open Rank 15407 

http://english.georgetown.edu/ 
Rhetoric/Composition (Open Rank): We seek candidates at any rank 
to provide intel lectua l leadership in the teaching of writing across our 
campus. Successful candidates will demonstrate a sophisticated approach 
to writing in many for ms, to oral communication, and to digital wr iting 
technolog ies and wil l show promise or proven abilit y in curr icular 
development, in advocating for writing with faculty, and in developing 
the standing of writing within the university, both intellectually and pro-
g ram matically. Candidates should expect to pursue an active research 
agenda and to teach on both an undergraduate and graduate level. Minimum 
requirements include a PhD in Rhetoric and Composition or a 
related field by August 2012. Georgetown Universit y is an A ffi rmative 
Action/Equal Opportunit y employer and strongly encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates as part of its commitment to 
professional excellence and diversity. Please email your application letter 
and c.v. to eng jobs@georgetown.edu, noting in the subject line the title 
of the position for which you are applying. Applications sent by November 
1, 2011 will receive first consideration. Writing samples and dossiers 
will be requested only after initial screening. [R] 


Georgetown U 

English, 306 New North 37th & O Sts N W Washington DC 20057 

Assistant Professor 15406 

http://english.georgetown.edu/ 
Post 1900 British/Non-U.S. Anglophone Literature (Assistant Professor): 
Candidates should expect to pursue an active research agenda and to teach 
both undergraduate and graduate courses in this field. We encourage candidates 
with special interests in post-WWII literature, modernism, globalization 
across literar y genres, Anglo-Irish or post-colonial literature. 
Minimum requirements include a PhD in literature or a related field by 
August 2012. Georgetown Universit y is an Af f irmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity employer and strongly encourages applications from women 
and minority candidates as part of its commitment to professional excellence 
and diversity. Please email your application letter and c.v. to engjobs@
georgetown.edu, noting in the subject line the title of the position 
for which you are applying. Applications sent by November 1, 2011 will 
receive first consideration. Writing samples and dossiers will be requested 
only after initial screening. [R] 


George Washington U 

English, 801 22 St NW, R m 760 Washington DC 20052 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.g wu.edu/~english 
For appointment beginning in fall 2012, the English Department at The 
George Washington University seeks candidates for a tenure-line position, 
at the rank of assistant professor, in British Romanticism. Authors, 
texts, genres open. GW English is a dynamic department with strengths 
in transnational medieval and early modern studies and American, particularly 
Africana, literature. This position contributes to a third track of 
excellence in British 19th-century literary and cultural studies. We would 
particularly like to meet with candidates whose work engages with trans-

nationalism, visual culture, or children's literature, and we strongly welcome 
candidates with a demonstrated interest in digital humanities. 
The successful cand idate wi l l teach in our underg raduate and g raduate 

(MA and PhD) programs; advise students and perform other departmental, 
college, and university service; and engage in high quality research 
and publication. The English Department at The George Washington 
University is a research-active community of scholars who prize excellence 
in teaching, service, and publication. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Basic Qualifications: PhD by August 1, 2012, and excellent teaching skills 
as evidenced by teaching assessments. Preferred qualifications: Successful 
experience teaching British Romanticism or British literature survey 
courses, record of publication. Application procedure: To be considered, 
please send a cover letter and curriculum vitae to Gayle Wald, Chair, Department 
of English, 801 22nd Street NW, Suite 760, The George Washington 
University, Washington, DC 20052. Only complete applications 
will be considered. Review of al l applications will begin on November 
1, 2011, and wil l continue until the position is f i l led. The George 
Washington Universit y is an Equal Opportunit y/Aff ir mative Action 
Employer. [R] 


floridA 
Eckerd C 

Literature, 4200 54th Av S LTRS-SE-211 St Petersburg FL 33711 

Assistant Professor of Literature 15329 

http://www.eckerd.edu 
Assistant Professor of Literature, tenure-track position, to start in September 
2012. Ph.D. in English required. Specialization in American literature, 
preferably poetry (although the position includes teaching in other 
genres), with possible secondary preparation in one or more of the following: 
British literature post-1800, Southern literature, environmental studies, 
and/or women’s and gender studies, with a demonstrable commitment 
to both teaching excellence and scholarship. Teach seven courses per academic 
year at all levels (three per semester and a course with an experiential 
dimension in Januar y), including American literature sur veys and 

courses in American poetry and fiction. Opportunity to design courses 
appropriate to areas of specialization. 
Par ticipation in an interdisciplinar y values-oriented general education 

program is required, including a regular rotation in the t wo-semester 
freshman program. Eckerd College, the only national liberal arts college 
in Florida, has a tradition of innovative education and teaching/mentoring 
excellence. Send letter of application, CV, recent teaching evaluations, 
graduate transcripts, and three current letters of recommendation to Prof. 
Jared Stark, Letters Collegium, Eckerd College, 4200 54th Ave. S, St. Petersburg, 
FL, 33711. Materials should be postmarked by Oct. 28, 2011; no 
electronic submissions, please. Qualified candidates must be authorized 
to work in the United States for the College. EOE. Applications from 
women and minorities encouraged. [R] 


Florida Gulf Coast U 

Lang uage & Literature, 10501 FGCU Blvd S Fort Myers FL 33965 

Composition, Instructor I (2 positions)-Req #1463 15581 

http://jobs.fgcu.edu 
Teaches a 4/4 course load per year in Composition. Energy, willingness, 


and desire to contribute to the collegiality and overall success of the program 
as needed. 
Minimum Qualifications: Master's Deg ree in English, Composition or 


Comparative Literature from a regionally accredited institution or equivalent 
accreditation and one (1) year of teaching experience at the college 
level with a minimum of 18 graduate credit hours of Composition. Must 
meet the University and College criteria for appointment to the level of 
Instructor I. 


To apply plea se v isit http:// jobs .fgcu .edu & access Req. #1463. The 


Deadline date is 12/16/2011. Applications are only accepted online. 
FGCU is an EEO, which has a commitment to cultural, racial, & ethnic 
communities & encourages women & minorities to apply. It is expected 
that successful candidates share this commitment. 


Florida Gulf Coast U 

Lang uage & Literature, 10501 FGCU Blvd S Fort Myers FL 33965 

18th Century British Literature, Assistant Professor-Req #1461 15282 

http://fgcu.edu 
We welcome you to apply online at http://jobs.fgcu.edu. 
Successful applicants will teach a 3/3 annual course load and contribute 


to service activities and program development. The primar y resposibility 
will be teaching 18th Century undergraduate English courses but successful 
candidate will eventually teach graduate classes for the M.A. in English. 
An active research agenda is expected. 


Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English with special emphasis on 18th 
Century British literature and culture from a regionally accredited institution 
or equivalent accreditation. A BD will be considered if conferred 
by August 7, 2012. If successful candidate is A BD, appointment will be 
made at a Lecturer level on a fixed contract. 


The deadline date is 12-05-2011. 
FGCU is an EEO, which has a commitment to cultural, racial, & ethnic 
communities & encourages women & minorities to apply. It is expected 
that successful candidates share this commitment. 


Florida Gulf Coast U 

Lang uage & Literature, 10501 FGCU Blvd S Fort Myers FL 33965 

American Literature (Modernism), Assistant Professor-Req #1464 15288 

http://fgcu.edu 
We welcome you to apply online at http://jobs.fgcu.edu. 
The incumbent will teach 3 courses per semester; participate in program 


assessment, development, and revision processes; and contribute to uni


versity program, and/or college committee services as needed. 
Minimum Qualifications: PhD in English with a focus on Early Twentieth 
Centur y US Literature from a regionally accredited institution or 
equivalent accreditation. ABD will be considered if degree is conferred by 
August 7, 2012. If degree is not conferred, appointment will be made at a 
Lecturer level on a fixed contract. 


Deadline date is 12-05-2011. 
FGCU is an EEO, which has a commitment to cultural, racial, & ethnic 
communities & encourages women & minorities to apply. It is expected 
that successful candidates share this commitment. 


Florida SU 

English, 405 Williams Bldg 631 Universit y Way Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant professor of rhetoric and composition 15413 

http://www.english.fsu.edu/ 
Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition 
Department of English 
Florida State University 
Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 
The FSU English Department invites applications for a tenure-track As


sistant Professor position to begin fal l 2012. Pr incipal area of interest 
rhetoric and composition with a specialty in the history of rhetoric. Secondar 
y area open. Ph.D. in hand by beginning of appointment. Record 
of publication and/or prospects of future publication crucial. 2/2 teaching 
assignment, normally one graduate course per year. Competitive salar y. 
Letter, CV, and writing sample to Kr istie S. Fleckenstein, R/C Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English, PO Box 3061580, FSU, Tallahassee, 
FL 32306-1580 by October 21, 2011. MLA interviews. AA/EOE 
employer. Minorities, persons with disabilities, and women encouraged to 
apply. [R] 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



New C of Florida 

Humanities, 5800 Bay Shore Rd, COH 104 Sarasota FL 34243 

Writer in Residence 15587 

http://www.ncf.edu 
New College of Florida announces an opening for a Writer in Residence, 
spring semester 2012 (February-May). The successful candidate will have: 
at least one published book, and significant publication in other venues as 
well; two years’ experience teaching creative writing, which can include 
instr uction as a graduate student; and a strong commitment to playing 
an active role in the community of our residential honors college. MFA, 
MA, or equivalent degree preferred, but experience considered. Writers 
whose work engages multiethnic experience especially encouraged. The 
Writer in Residence will be responsible for teaching two semester-length 
writing courses (one multi-genre introductor y course and one course in 
the applicant’s specialty), and will give at least three public readings. We 
are especially interested this year in poets, though all applicants will be 
considered. Salar y $22,725 for .75 FTE, with no benefits. Send curriculum 
vitae, letter of application, writing sample, dossier with three letters 
of reference and official transcript, and two course proposals (one for an 
introductory level course and one more specialized course) to Dr. Robert 
Zamsky, Chair, Search Comm ittee, Division of Humanities, New 
College of Florida, 5800 Bay Shore Road, Sarasota, FL 34243-2109. Review 
of applications will begin December 1 and continue until position is 
fi lled. For disability accommodations, contact Chair a minimum of five 

(5) days in advance @ (941) 487-4360. 
New College of Florida is an EO/A A/ADA employer 
Security background check required [R] 
U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Associate or Full Professor of English 15191 

http://miami.edu 
The University of Miami seeks a senior scholar (associate or full professor) 
with a strong publication record in Caribbean literature to play a leading 
role in the department's intellectual life by continuing an active research 
and publication agenda, teaching courses at the undergraduate and graduate 
levels, directing dissertations, and serving on departmental, college, 
and/or university committees. We seek candidates with diverse scholarly 
interests whose teaching and research intersect with the work of other 
faculty in English and elsewhere in the College of Arts and Sciences. In 
addition to Caribbean literature, candidates should have strong teaching 
and research interests in a second field, for example, Latino/a, A fr ican 

American, Asian American, Comparative Ethnic, Atlantic, Hemispheric 
American, Africana, or Women's and Gender Studies. 
Please send nominations and applications to John Paul Russo, Acting 

Chair, Department of Eng lish, Universit y of Miami, PO Box 248145, 
Coral Gables, FL 33124-4632. Each application should include a c.v. and 
a list of three or more scholars whom we may contact for recommendations. 
Campus visits by selected candidates will begin as soon as possible 
and continue until the position is filled. To confirm receipt of your application 
or with questions please email our Office Assistant, Jessica Araujo 
at j.araujo1@miami.edu; 305-284-2182. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


U of North Florida 

English, 1 UNF Dr Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 15424 

http://www.unf.edu/coas/english/ 
Technical Writing in multiple disciplines as primar y specialty; interests 
in theories of language and/or technology, new media, or other. Assistant 

Professor, salary negotiable. Teaching experience preferred. The position 
includes 3/3 teaching load of upper-division and graduate courses and 
lower-division writing courses; a research program; service; and strong 
comm itment to undergraduate education. PhD awarded no later than 
08/01/12. To be considered for this position, applicant must complete 
a one-page application online (on or before 12:00 am EST 11/02/11) at 
http://www.unf jobs.org and also submit the following online at time of 
application: CV, letter of interest, and a statement of teaching experience, 
teaching principles and practices, and assessment experience [submitted as 
OTHER DOC]. Three letters of recommendation required and must be 
postmarked on or before 11/02/11 and sent to A. Samuel Kimball, Chair, 
Department of English, University of North Florida, 1 UNF Dr, Jacksonville, 
FL 32224. 

**You may be asked to for ward add itiona l documents, such as off icial 
transcr ipts, statement of teaching tenets, and/or syllabuses. UNF is an 
Equal Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action institution.** 

U of North Florida 

English, 1 UNF Dr Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.unf.edu/coas/english/ 
American literature, U.S. Civil War to present; research and teaching interests 
in drama, literature of the Americas, or other desireable. Assistant 
Professor, salary negotiable. Teaching experience preferred. The position 
includes 3/3 teaching load of upper-division and graduate courses and 
lower-division writing courses; a research program; service; and strong 
comm itment to undergraduate education. PhD awarded no later than 
08/01/12. To be considered for this position, applicant must complete 
a one-page application online (on or before 12:00 am EST 11/02/11) at 
http://www.unf jobs.org and also submit the following online at time of 
application: CV, letter of interest, and a statement of teaching experience, 
teaching principles and practices, and assessment experience (as OTHER 
DOC). Three letters of recommendation are required and must be post-
ma rked on or before 11/02/11 a nd add ressed to A. Sa muel K imba l l, 


Chair, Department of English, University of North Florida, 1 UNF Dr, 
Jacksonville, FL 32224. 
**You may be asked to for ward additional documents, such as off icial 


transcripts, statement of teaching tenets, and/or syllabi. UNF is an Equal 
Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action institution.** 


U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 15452 

http://english.usf.edu 
Assistant Professor. Early American Literature (Beginnings through Civil 
War), preferably with a broad interest in all periods of American Literature. 
Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants will be considered but 
must have the degree conferred by August 6, 2012. Candidates must have 
a strong teaching record and outstanding scholarly potential. The teaching 
assignment will include a range of undergraduate and graduate courses. 
2/2 teaching load. Salary and benefits competitive. 9 month appointment 
per year; summer employment possible. Letter, vita and list of graduate 
courses only to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, Eng lish Department, CPR 107, 
University of South Florida, 4202 East Fowler Ave., Tampa, FL 336205550 
by November 7, prefer ably sooner. Appl icat ions received a f ter 
that date wil l be advanced on ly in cases of compel ling mer it. According 
to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are open 
to the public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano 
(-813-974-8211 or Serrano@usf.edu) at least five working days prior to 
need. [R] 



U of West Florida 

English & For Langs, 11000 University Parkway Pensacola FL 32514 

Assistant Professor of Composition/Director of Composition 15465 

http://https://jobs.uwf.edu 
The University of West Flor ida Department of English seeks a tenure-
track Assistant Professor in Composition/ Director of Composition to 
beg in Aug ust 2012. Disser t at ion and publ icat ion in composit ion re quired; 
PhD in hand by August 2012. Experience or training in writing 
program adm inistration desired. Duties include directing the first-year 
writing program and overseeing training of graduate teaching assistants. 
The teaching load is 3/3, with course release for program administration. 
Facult y members teach upper and lower division courses and g raduate 
courses in the MA program. Salary competitive depending upon qualifi


cations. Full description of job and online application at https://jobs.uwf 
.edu (Position #119140). Apply by 14 October 2011. 
U W F i s a n E qu a l O ppor t u n it y/ Equ a l Acce s s/A f f i r m at ive Ac t ion 

Employer. Any person requiring special accommodations to respond may 
contact the U WF A mer icans with Disabilities Act Compliance Off ice 
at 1-850-473-7469 (Voice) or 1-850-857-6114 (TTY). This position requires 
a criminal background screening. [R] 


U of West Florida 

English & Foreign Languages, 11000 University Parkway Pensacola 
FL 32514 

Assistant Professor of Early American Literature 15537 

http://uwf.edu/english 
The Universit y of West Flor ida Department of English seeks a tenure-
track, assistant professor in early A merican literature before 1800. The 
ideal candidate will specialize in colonial or eighteenth-century literature 
with secondary interests in one or more of the following areas: African 
American literature; Native American literature; literatures of the Atlantic 
world; and/or new world diasporas. The teaching load is three courses 
per semester, including courses in the M.A. program. Salary competitive. 
Apply online at https://jobs.uwf.edu (position # 119470) by November 1, 
2011. C.V., letter of interest, three letters of recommendation, transcript, 
and a writing sample (25 pages) are required. Address letters to Gregor y 
Tomso, Chair, A mer icanist Search Comm ittee. Any person requir ing 
special accommodations to respond may contact the U WF A mericans 
with Disabilities Act Compliance Office at 1-850 -473 -7469 ( Voice) or 
1-850-857-6114 (TTY). The University of West Florida is an Equal Opportunity/
Access/Affirmative Action Employer. This position requires a 
criminal background screening. [R] 


GeorGiA 
Emory U 

Comparative Literature, 537 N. K ilgo Cir N101 Callaway Ctr Atlanta 
GA 30322 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 15369 

http://www.comparativelit.emory.edu 
Emory University 
Department of Comparative Literature, Callaway Center N101, Atlanta 

GA 30322 
Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 
The Department of Comparative Literature at Emory University invites 

applications for a tenure-track position at Assistant Professor level, beginning 
1 September 2012. Teaching load: 2 courses per semester. PhD 
required. Candidates should have theoretical expertise in the field, competence 
in more than one language, and must demonstrate excellence in 
research and teaching. Preference may be given to candidates specializing 
in the history of literar y theory prior to the twentieth century, or in post


colonial theor y. Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing 
sample (20–25 pages), and three letters of recommendation or placement 
dossier to Prof. Geoffrey Bennington, Chair of Search Committee, Department 
of Comparative Literature, Callaway Center N101, Atlanta GA 
30322. E-applications can be sent to cpltsch@emor y.edu. Review of applications 
will begin Nov 28, 2011. Applications received by Dec 12 will 
receive full consideration. Emor y is an EEO/AA employer. Women and 
minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 


Emory U 

English, N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322 

Assistant Professor of Poetry and Poetics of the Long Twentieth-Century15241 

http://www.english.emor y.edu/ 
Emory University 
English Dept. 537 K ilgo Circle, 302 N Callaway Center, Atlanta, GA 

30322 
The Emor y Universit y Department of English invites applications for 

a tenure track position at the rank of Assistant Professor to start August 
2012: 
Poetr y and Poetics of the Long Twentieth-Centur y. The ideal candi


date will demonstrate expertise in transnational poetr y and poetics of the 
twentieth-centur y with secondar y exper ience in such areas as archival 
theor y and practice, digital humanities, and new media. We are particularly 
interested in candidates who will develop new undergraduate and 
graduate courses that explore twentieth-century poetr y, working in and 
through the print and digital archives of Emory's Danowski Poetr y Librar 
y and MARBL collections. 

Successful candidates for this position w il l present strong evidence of 
scholarly promise, excellence in teaching, and have the PhD in hand by 
the start date. The 4-course per year teaching load comprises undergraduate 
composition and general education courses, upper-level classes for majors, 
and graduate seminars. Review of applications begins on October 17, 
2011. Send application letter, CV, dissertation abstract, and three letters 
of recommendation to Professor Walter Kalaidjian, Search Committee 
Chair, 537 K ilgo Circle, 302 N Callaway Center, Atlanta, GA 30322. 
Emory University is an EEO/AA employer. [R] 


Emory U 

English, N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322 

Assistant Professor of Asian American & Pacific Rim Literature and Culture 
15239 

http://www.english.emor y.edu/ 
Emory University 
English Dept. 537 K ilgo Circle, 302 N Callaway Center, Atlanta, GA 

30322 
The Emor y Universit y Department of English invites applications for 

a tenure track position at the rank of Assistant Professor to start August 
2012: 
Asian American & Pacific Rim Literature and Culture. In addition to pri


mary expertise in Asian American & Pacific Rim literature and culture, 
secondar y interests in Asian diaspora and other ethnic American literatures 
and theoretical orientations are desirable. The ideal candidate will 
or ig inate new undergraduate and g raduate courses in Asian Amer ican, 
Asian, and Pacific Rim literature. 

Successful candidates for this position w il l present strong evidence of 
scholarly promise, excellence in teaching, and have the PhD in hand by 
the start date. The 4-course per year teaching load comprises undergraduate 
composition and general education courses, upper-level classes for majors, 
and graduate seminars. Review of applications begins on October 17, 
2011. Send application letter, CV, dissertation abstract, and three letters of 
recommendation to Professor Deepika Bahri, Search Committee Chair, 
537 K ilgo Circle, 302 N Callaway Center, Atlanta, GA 30322. Emor y 
University is an EEO/AA employer. [R] 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



Georgia C & SU 

English & R hetoric, Campus Box 044 Milledgeville GA 31061 

Assistant Professor of English 15304 

http://www.gcsujobs.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=52262 
Georgia College, the state’s public liberal arts university, seeks a tenure-
track assistant professor (4/4) with expertise in Early Modern English 
Studies, beginning August 2012. The successful candidate wil l be expected 
to design and offer graduate and upper division courses in Shakespeare 
and English Renaissance drama and lower division sur vey courses 
in the major and the core curriculum. An interest in International literatures 
is desirable. It is expected that, prior to start of appointment, candidate 
w il l have completed PhD and be eligible to work in the United 
States. Rev iew of completed appl icat ion s beg ins November 1, 2011, 
and continues as long as needed. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 
Send application letter, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, unofficial 
transcripts, and contact information for three references to Dr. Eustace 
Palmer, Chair, Early Modern English Search Committee, through www 
.gcsujobs.com. EO/AA/ADA compliant and committed to achieving diversity 
and equity [R] 


Georgia Southern U 

Writing & Ling uistics, PO Box 8026 Statesboro GA 30460 

Lecturer 15213 

http://class.georgiasouthern.edu/writling 
Position Descr iption – Reporting to the Chair of the Depar tment of 
Writing and Ling uistics, the Lecturer wil l teach courses in the depar tment’s 
Bachelor of Arts in Writing and Linguistics program, with a primary 
assignment in first-year writing, participate in departmental service, 
and engage in professional development activities. This position requires 
teach responsibilit y and at least a master’s degree suited to the Department 
of Writing and Linguistics. The position is a 9-month, non-tenure 
track appointment, and the salary is competitive and commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Non-tenure track lecturer positions are re


newable on an annual basis, ant the normal workload for lecturer faculty 
is 4/4. 
Required Qualifications 
Earned master’s degree suited to the Department of Writing and Linguis


tics by August 1, 2012. 
Experience teaching first-year writing. 
Experience teaching with technology. 
Evidence of excellence in teaching. [R] 


Georgia Southern U 

Writing & Ling uistics, PO Box 8026 Statesboro GA 30460 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 15197 

http://class.georgiasouthern.edu/writling/ 
Reporting to the Chair of the Department of Writing and Linguistics, the 
Assistant Professor of Writing and Linguistics with an emphasis in Creative 
Writing position requires teaching, service, and research responsibilities 
as well as a terminal degree. The successful candidate will teach 2–3 
courses per semester with primary assignment in multi-genre and single-
genre Creative Writing courses. The position is a 9-month, tenure-track 


appointment, and the salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. 
Required Qualifications: 


•M.F.A. or Ph.D. with a creative dissertation by August 1, 2012 
•Fiction as primar y genre 
•At least one full-length book publication with a nationally recognized 
press 

•Publication in nationally recognized journals 
•Experience teaching multiple creative writing genres 
•Experience teaching with technology 
•Evidence of excellence in teaching 
Preferred Qualifications: 

•Publications in multiple creative writing journals 
•Experience writing and teaching screenplays 
•At least one year of full-time experience teaching Creative Writing 
•Experience teaching online courses 
•Experience teaching graduate courses in Creative Writing 
•Evidence of interest in active involvement with Creative Wr iting students 
[R] 
Georgia Southern U 

Writing & Ling uistics, PO Box 8026 Statesboro GA 30460 

Assistant Professor of Writing and Linguistics. Professional and Technical 
Wr iting 15210 

http://class.georgiasouthern.edu/writing 
Position Description-Reporting to the Chair of the Department of Writing 
and Linguistics, the Assistant Professor of Writing and Ling uistics 
position requires teaching, service, and research responsibilities and a terminal 
degree. The successful candidate will teach three courses per semester 
with primary assignment in Professional and Technical Writing. 


The position is a 9-month, tenure-track appointment, and the sa lar y is 
competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Required Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in Technical, Professional, or Scientific Writing, or a closely related 


field by August 1, 2012 


Scholarly agenda in the area of Technical, Professional, or Scientific Writing 
or closely related field. 
Experience teaching with technology 
Evidence of excellence in teaching. [R] 


Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant professor specializing in Rhetoric, Literacy Studies and Writing 
Assessment 15257 

http://www.gsu.edu 
Georgia State University, a leading urban research institution located in 
Atlanta, invites applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing 
in Rhetoric, Literacy Studies and Writing Assessment. Qualifications 
for the position include a PhD in Rhetoric and Composition (or related 
field), teaching and research employing ethnographic methods, and experience 
developing learning outcomes and new methods of qualitative 
and quantitative assessment. Experience with research in the global workplace, 
electronic writing environments, digital rhetoric and new media 

design is preferred. Normal teaching load is 2/2 (graduate and undergraduate). 
Send letter and CV only (no electronic submissions; no dossiers or writ


ing samples) by November 10 to Elizabeth Sanders Lopez, New Appointments 
Committee, Department of English, PO Box 3970, Georgia State 
University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. Initial interviews will be conducted 
by phone. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. GSU is 
a unit of the University System of Georgia and an AA/EO employer. An 
offer of employment will be conditional upon background ver ification 
and budgetar y approval. [R] 



Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant professor of 20th/21st Century British and Irish Literature 15254 

http://www.gsu.edu 
Georgia State University, a leading research institution in downtown Atlanta, 
invites applicants for an anticipated tenure-track Assistant Professor 
specializing in 20th/21st Century British and Irish Literature, to begin 
Fall 2012, pending budgetar y approval. Requires Ph.D. by time of appointment, 
evidence of strong scholarly potential, excellent teaching, and 
commitment to service. Normal teaching load is 2/2 (graduate and un


dergraduate). Salary competitive. Selected candidates will be interviewed 
at MLA. 
Send letter and CV only (no dossiers or wr iting samples; no electronic 

submissions) by November 10 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State 
Universit y, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. Minor it y candidates are strong ly 
encouraged to apply. GSU is a unit of the University System of Georgia 
and an A A/EO employer. A n offer of employment wi l l be conditional 
upon background verification. [R] 


Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant professor of 20th/21st Century African American Literature 15255 

http://www.gsu.edu 
Georgia State University, a leading research institution in downtown Atlanta, 
invites applicants for an anticipated tenure-track Assistant Professor 
specializing in 20th/21st Centur y African American Literature, to begin 
Fall 2012, pending budgetar y approval. Requires Ph.D. by time of appointment, 
evidence of strong scholarly potential, excellent teaching, and 
commitment to service. Normal teaching load is 2/2 (graduate and un


dergraduate). Salary competitive. Selected candidates will be interviewed 
at MLA. 
Send letter and CV only (no dossiers or wr iting samples; no electronic 

submissions) by November 10 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State 
Universit y, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. Minor it y candidates are strong ly 
encouraged to apply. GSU is a unit of the University System of Georgia 
and an A A/EO employer. A n offer of employment wi l l be conditional 
upon background verification. [R] 


Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant or Associate professor of 20th/21st Century Southern American 
Literature 15253 

http://www.gsu.edu 
Georgia State University, a leading research institution in downtown Atlanta, 
invites applicants for an anticipated tenure-track Assistant or Associate 
Professor specializing in 20th/21st Century Southern American 
Literature, to begin Fall 2012, pending budgetar y approval. Requires 
Ph.D. by time of appointment, evidence of strong scholarly potentia l, 
excellent teaching, and commitment to service. Normal teaching load is 

2/2 (graduate and undergraduate). Salar y competitive. Selected candidates 
will be interviewed at MLA. 
Send letter and CV only (no dossiers or wr iting samples; no electronic 

submissions) by November 10 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State 
Universit y, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. Minor it y candidates are strong ly 
encouraged to apply. GSU is a unit of the University System of Georgia 
and an A A/EO employer. A n offer of employment wi l l be conditional 
upon background verification. [R] 


Kennesaw SU 

English, 1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.kennesaw.edu/english 
Kennesaw State University invites applications for a nine-month, tenure-
track assistant professor position to teach courses in social/digital media 
(as well as web content development, document design, and technical 


writing) in the M.A. in Professional Writing Program and in the undergraduate 
English curriculum. 
The candidate selected will be required to have a Ph.D. in comp/rhet, 


technical writing, professional communications, or a similar field; a strong 
record of teaching; a substantial knowledge of social/digital media; and 
publications (includ ing a publication agenda for the future) that investigate 
or other wise address topics in social/digital media. “Real world 
exper ience” with socia l/dig ital media wil l be a plus, as will an astute 
awareness of the cultural and political possibilities and ram ifications of 
social/digital media in a global setting. In keeping with the University’s 
mission statement, we also encourage applicants who will further our goal 
of “cultural, ethnic, racial, and gender diversity.” 


Applications will be accepted until the position is fi l led. To g uarantee 
consideration, applications must be postmarked by Nov. 15, 2011. Candidates 
should send a letter of application addressing their strengths relative 
to the qualifications for the position, including a record of effective teaching; 
evidence of scholarly activity; current vita; three letters of reference; 
and official graduate transcripts to Dr. Jim Elledge, Social/Digital Media 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, Kennesaw State University, 
1000 Chastain Road #2701, Kennesaw, GA 30144-5591. E-mail 
jelledg1@kennesaw.edu Interviews will be held at MLA. [R] 


North Georgia C & SU 

English, 82 College Circle Dahlonega GA 30597 

Assistant Professor of Professional and Technical Writing 

http://northgeorgia.peopleadmin.com 
The Department of English seeks a tenure-track Professional and Technical 
Writing specialist with the abi lit y to teach undergraduate professional 
and technical writing courses as well as first-year composition and 
intermediate composition. The successful candidate will teach 12 hours 
per semester; other responsibilities include service and publications. Requirements: 
a Ph.D. (or equivalent) in Professional and Technical Writing, 
or a closely-related field, in hand by Aug ust 2012. Preference given to 
candidates with expertise in teaching courses incorporating current technology. 
Applicants may apply online at https://northgeorgia.peopleadmin 
.com; please upload as attachments a letter of application and curriculum 
vitae; send three letters of recommendation directly to Human Resources, 
82 College Circle, Dahlonega, GA 30597. Review of applications 
begins immediately and will continue until position is filled. We will not 
be inter viewing at MLA. Nor th Georgia Col lege & State Universit y is 
an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and a Tobacco-Free 
Workplace. [R] 


North Georgia C & SU 

English, 82 College Circle Dahlonega GA 30597 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 

http://northgeorgia.peopleadmin.com 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor w ith a specialization in Rhetor ic and Composition. The 
successf u l ca nd id ate w i l l teach 12 hour s per semester, wh ich can i nclude 
freshman composition, intermediate-level and upper-level writing 
courses, and English 2050, a basic grammar course; other responsibilities 
include service and publications. Ph.D. in hand by August 2012. Applicants 
may apply online at https://northgeorgia.peopleadmin.com; please 
upload as attachments a letter of application and curriculum vitae that in



cludes the names of your references and their contact information. Additional 
mater ials wil l be requested after initial screening. Review of 
applications will begin November 15th and will continue until position 
is filled. We will not be interviewing at MLA. North Georgia College & 
State University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 
and a Tobacco-Free Workplace. [R] 


Wesleyan C 

English, 4760 Forsyth Rd Macon GA 31210 

Assistant Professor of English 15279 

http://www.wesleyancollege.edu 
Tenure-track position in English at Assistant Professor level, beginning 
fall 2012. Ph.D. in R hetor ic and Composition prefer red; Ph.D. in Engl 
ish or M.A. in Rhetoric and Composition considered. Deg ree must 
be completed by August 2012. The ideal candidate will have significant 
teaching experience in composition and be prepared to teach all levels of 
composition and an occasional literature class. Experience in digital humanities 
and/or women’s studies desirable. Normal teaching load is seven 
courses per academic year; position requires teaching in day and evening 
programs. The successful candidate will be expected to teach effectively, 
pursue research, advise students, and ser ve on committees. Send letter of 
interest, vitae, transcripts, and three current letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Regina Oost, Chair, Department of English, Wesleyan College, 4760 
Forsyth Rd., Macon, GA 31210-4462. EOE. 

idAho 
Boise SU 

English, 1910 Universit y Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant professor of general linguistics 15555 

http://english.boisestate.edu/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor position in general linguistics, beginning 
fall 2012. Ph.D. in linguistics required by time of appointment. The successful 
candidate will teach a range of undergraduate linguistics courses, 
including an introductor y course for majors, and develop a course in morphology 
and syntax. Other regular courses include modern English grammar, 
histor y of English, and language in human life (for non-majors). The 
candidate will also help further develop the linguistics program. Future 
courses might include semantics, pragmatics, historical linguistics, field 
methods, sociolinguistics, language acquisition, computational linguistics, 


or others within the candidate's subspecialties. See http://english.boisestate.
edu/eng/linglab/. 
Standard teaching load is 2/3. Scholarly publication, teaching excellence, 


and service are required for academic advancement. Send application letter, 
curriculum vitae, and transcripts (may be unofficial) as PDF attachments 
to gen ling@boisestate.edu. Three reference letters (hard copy) 
should be sent directly to Professor Michelle Payne, Chair of English. See 
http://english.boisestate.edu/faculty-positions/for details. Application review 
begins October 19, 2011. [R] 


Boise SU 

English, 1910 Universit y Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant professor of rhetoric and composition 15554 

http://english.boisestate.edu/ 
Following a successful hire in this area in 2011, we again invite applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor position in rhetoric and composition, 
beginning fall 2012. Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition required 
by time of appointment. Teaching and research interests in multiple literacies 
(such as community, digital, or global literacies) or pedagogy for 
diverse learners are preferred. The successful applicant will teach graduate 
and undergraduate courses, including first-year writing; standard teaching 
load is 2/3. Opportunities are available to adm inister the first-year 

writing program, the undergraduate writing major, and the graduate program. 
Excellent teaching, scholarly publication, and service are required 
for academic advancement. Previous applicants may reapply. 

Send application letter, curriculum vitae, and transcripts (may be unofficial) 
as PDF attachments to rhetcomp@boisestate.edu. Three reference 
letters (hard copy) should be sent directly to Professor Michel le Payne, 
Chair of English. See http://english.boisestate.edu/faculty-positions/for 
full details. Application review begins October 19, 2011. [R] 


U of Idaho 

English, PO Box 441102 Moscow ID 83844 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 

http://www.uidaho.edu/class/english/ 
Full-time tenure-track position for an Assistant Professor of Linguistics 
or Applied Linguistics, with specialization in teaching English to speakers 
of other languages. We seek to hire a person who will help us restructure 
content and deliver y of a well-established TESL program. The successful 
candidate will have a Ph.D. in linguistics or applied linguistics with a 
focus and established research program that will support TESL teaching 
and learning. Teaching load is 3 –2, focused at the graduate and senior 
undergraduate level; courses may include introductor y and advanced linguistics 
courses, TESL methods, and linguistics for teachers. Candidates’ 
areas of specialization should be relevant to preparing graduates to teach 
language arts and composition in a secondar y education setting. For full 
position descr iption and access to online application screens, please go 
to http://www.hr.uidaho.edu (Announcement # 10000034264) or contact 
Gary Williams, Chair, English, University of Idaho, at jgw@uidaho 
.edu. [R] 


U of Idaho 

English, PO Box 441102 Moscow ID 83844 

Assistant Professor of Global Anglophone Literatures 

http://www.uidaho.edu/class/english/ 
Ful l-time tenure-track position. Preference g iven to candidates w ith a 
strong background in literar y theor y and interdisciplinary approaches to 
20th-and 21st-centur y literature and culture. We seek to hire a person 
who will help us enhance the diversity and global focus of departmental 
courses. Candidates must have a Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature, 
with a record of successful teaching. Teaching load is 3–2; courses 
include graduate and upper-level undergraduate courses in area of special


ization as well as general education courses. Graduate seminars will serve 
students in M.A. and M.F.A. programs. 
Review begins 11/1/2011 and continues until the position is filled. We 

wil l inter view at the MLA convention in Seattle. For primar y consideration, 
we must receive initial materials by November 1. For complete 
job description and access to online application site, go to http://www. 
hr.uidaho.edu (Announcement #10000034937) or contact Gar y Williams, 
Chair, English, at jgw@uidaho.edu. [R] 


illinois 
Bradley U 

English, 1501 W Bradley Av Peoria IL 61625 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing-Fiction 

http://www.bradley.edu/humanresources 
The Department of English invites applications for the position of entr y-

level, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Creative Wr iting-Fiction to 
begin in August 2012. 
Candidates must have M.F.A. or Ph.D. in Creative Wr iting-Fiction in 

hand by August 15, 2012. Experience teaching college-level fiction workshop 
is required as is experience teaching college-level composition. The 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


ideal candidate would also possess col lege-level teaching exper ience in 
Creative Nonfiction. In addition, candidates must demonstrate ability to 
teach general education literature courses. Significant journal publication 
of fiction is required. Fiction book publication and creative nonfiction 
publication are preferred. Candidates must be legally eligible to work in 
the United States. 

Successful teaching and sig nificant publications are required for tenure 

and promotion. 
Candidates should submit letter of application addressing their qualifications 
for the position, current vita (including list of courses taught and 
numbers of sections for each course), and dossier (including at least three 
letters of recommendation that attest to successful teaching and publication 
potential, official graduate transcript, and 10 pp. fiction sample) to: 

Professor Kevin Stein 
Coordinator of Creative Writing 
Department of English 
Bradley University 
1501 W. Bradley Ave. 
Peoria, IL 61625 
Sample syllabi and additional writing samples may be requested prior to 

interviews. To ensure full consideration, complete applications must be 
postmarked by November 4, 2011. Initial interviews will be conducted by 
video conference. Review of applications will continue until the position 
is filled. Employment with Bradley University is contingent upon the satisfactor 
y completion of a criminal background check. 

Br ad ley Un iver sit y i s a n Equ a l O ppor t u n it y/A f f i r m at ive Act ion 
Employer. The administration, faculty, and staff are committed to attracting 
qualified candidates from underrepresented groups. 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of Children's Literature 15343 

http://www.eiu.edu/~english 
Tenure-track position in Children’s Literature. Especial ly interested in 
candidates with expertise in related areas such as pre-adolescent literature, 
young adult literature, literacy studies, and English Education. Successful 
candidate will be able to contr ibute to our t wo-year M A program, 
undergraduate major, and General Education curricula. We seek excellent 
teachers with w ide interests and scholarly prom ise. PhD by date of appointment. 
Fall 2012 start. 3/3 teaching load. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and dossier (letters of recommendation and official or 
unofficial transcripts) by November 4, 2011, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, 
Department of English, Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, 
Charleston, IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. 
Eastern Illinois University is an equal opportunity/equal access/affi rmative 
action employer committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 


Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Poetry 15342 

http://www.eiu.edu/~english 
Tenure-track position in Creative Writing, Poetry. We seek candidates 
w ith expertise primarily in poetr y but w ith experience also in one or 
more of the fol low i ng: f iction, creat ive non f ict ion, play w r it ing and 
screenwriting. Publication in area of specialization and preparation for 
teaching creative writing at undergraduate and graduate levels required. 
Successful candidate will be able to contribute to our two-year MA program, 
undergraduate major, and General Education curricula. We seek 
excellent teachers with wide interests and creative promise. PhD by date 
of appointment. Fall 2012 start. 3/3 teaching load. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and dossier (letters of recommendation and official 
or unofficial transcripts) by November 4, 2011, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, 
Department of English, Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, 

Charleston, IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. 
Eastern Illinois University is an equal opportunity/equal access/affi rmative 
action employer committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 


Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in Children's and Young Adult Literature-Tenure Track 
15397 

http://english.illinoisstate.edu 
Illinois State University’s Department of English seeks an Assistant Professor 
(tenure-track) in Children’s and Young Adult Literature. The successful 
candidate will conduct and publish scholarly research, teach graduate 
and undergraduate courses in children’s and young adult literature, and 
work with graduate students in an internationally recognized Master’s and 

PhD program. Candidates should have a PhD in Literature, English Studies, 
or Cultural Studies. 
Please send letter of application, C.V., and writing sample to Chair, Chil


dren’s and Young Adult Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
Illinois State University, Normal, IL 61790-4240. Please also send 
three letters of recommendation mailed by the respondents or placement 
dossier. Applications may also be submitted electronically to the Children’s 
and Young Adult Literature Search Committee c/o Angela Scott 
(arscott@ ilstu.edu). Complete applications must be received by October 
31, 2011; review of applications wil l beg in November 1, 2011 and 
continue until position is filled. Interviews will be conducted at MLA or 
via conference call. The successful applicant must be legally authorized to 
work in the United States by August 15, 2012. The position will begin 
August 16, 2012. 

The Department emphasizes an English Studies model in both its undergraduate 
and MA and PhD programs, and includes scholars in the fields 
of Children’s Literature, Composition, Creative Writing, Cultural Studies, 
English Education, Linguistics, Literature, Print Culture, Rhetoric, 
TESOL, and Technical Writing. Our Department faculty and graduate 
students are a community of diverse scholars who value collaborative and 
interdisciplinar y work. For additional information about ISU and our Department, 
please consult http://english.illinoisstate.edu. 

Il linois State Universit y is an Equal Oppor tunit y, Aff irmative Action 
Employer, encouraging diversity. 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition, Tenure-Track 15395 

http://english.illinoisstate.edu 
Illinois State University’s Department of English seeks an Assistant Professor 
in Rhetoric and Composition, specializing in histories of rhetoric. 
We seek a colleague with expertise in comparative cultural rhetorics, with 
an emphasis on rhetorics from and of underrepresented or non-Western 
cultures. The successful applicant will conduct and publish scholarly research, 
teach undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric and compo


sition, and work with graduate students in an internationally recognized 
Department. 
Please send letter of application, C.V., and writing sample to Chair of 

Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Department of English, 
Illinois State University, Normal, IL 61701-4240. A lso send three letters 
of recommendation mailed by the recommenders or dossier service. 
Applications may also be subm itted electronically to the Rhetor ic and 
Composition Search Committee c/o Ms. Angie Scott (arscott@ilstu.edu). 
Review of applications will begin November 1 and continue until position 
is filled. Interviews will be conducted at MLA or via conference call. 
Applicants should have a PhD in English, Rhetoric and Composition, or 
a related field by August 15, 2012. The successful applicant must be legally 
authorized to work in the United States by August 15, 2012. The position 
is available on August 16, 2012. 


The Department emphasizes an English Studies model in both its undergraduate 
and MA and PhD programs, and includes scholars in the fields 
of Children’s Literature, Composition, Creative Writing, Cultural Studies, 
English Education, Linguistics, Literature, Print Culture, Rhetoric, 
TESOL, and Technical Writing. Our Department faculty and graduate 
students are a community of diverse scholars who value collaborative and 
interdisciplinar y work. For additional information about ISU and our Department, 
please consult english.illinoisstate.edu. 

Il linois State Universit y is an Equal Oppor tunit y, Aff irmative Action 
Employer, encouraging diversity. [R] 


Loyola U, Ch icago 

English, 1032 W Sheridan Rd Chicago IL 60626 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing—Poetry 15379 

http://www.luc.edu 
The Department of English, College of Arts and Sciences, Loyola University 
Chicago (LUC) seeks qualified candidates for a tenure-track position 
as Assistant Professor of Creative Writing—Poetry, beginning August 15, 

2012. For more information about the Department of English, please visit 
its website at http://www.luc.edu/english/index.shtml. 
This tenure-track position comprises teaching poetry writing in the core 

curr iculum and in the Creative Writing Concentration within the English 
major, mentoring students, assisting in administration of the Creative 
Writing Program, and continuing to publish poetr y in recognized 
venues. 

Succe s s f u l ca nd id at e s w i l l h ave a ter m i n a l de g ree — t he M .F. A . or 
Ph.D.—and will demonstrate proven excel lence in the teaching of poetry-
writing workshops at the college level as well as a record of publication 
in nationally known venues. 

Applicants should subm it, by December 1, 2011, a current Curr iculum 
Vitae, a teaching statement, and a letter of interest to ww w.careers.luc 
.edu. Applicants should arrange for three letters of recommendation to be 
submitted directly on line at the preceding address. Applicants should also 
send, by US mail, hard copies of these items and a writing sample of 5–7 
poems to the department chair. [R] 


Loyola U, Ch icago 

English, 1032 W Sheridan Rd Chicago IL 60626 

Assistant professor of Early Modern British Literature (1500 –1660)/ 
Shakespeare 15378 

http://www.luc.edu 
The Department of English, College of Arts and Sciences, Loyola University 
Chicago (LUC) seeks qualified candidates for a tenure-track position 
as Assistant Professor of English in the field of Early Modern British 
literature, including Shakespeare, beginning August 15, 2012. This tenure-
track position comprises teaching literature courses at the undergraduate 
level in the core and the major and at the graduate level in the M.A. 
and Ph.D programs. Candidates for the position must clearly demonstrate 
the potential for excellence in research and teaching and have a record of 


(or clear potential for) distinguished scholarship, grant-funded research, 
and student mentorship. 
For more infor mation about the Department of English, please visit its 


website at http://www.luc.edu/english/index.shtml. 
Applicants should submit a current Curriculum Vitae, a teaching state-


ment/research agenda, and a letter of interest by December 1, 2011, to 
www.careers.luc.edu. 
Applicants should arrange for three letters of recommendation to be sub


mitted directly on line at the preceding address. Finalists will be asked to 
forward additional materials related to teaching excellence and samples of 
scholarly publications. [R] 


McKendree U 

Lang, Lit, & Communication Div, 701 College Rd Lebanon IL 62254 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.mckendree.edu 
McKendree University seeks applicants for a full-time, tenure-track position 
in English, specializing in Composition and Rhetoric, available August 
2012. In addition to teaching composition and other writing courses, 
a significant por tion of the position includes coordinating the Writing 


Across the Curr iculum Program and directing the Wr iting Resource 
Center. Ph.D. required. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching phi


losophy, and three cur rent letters of recommendation with contact information 
referencing position COMM64 to Shirley A. Rentz at HR@ 
McKendree.edu. 


Applications are due by November 15th and will be reviewed until the 


position is filled. 
Minorities and members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to 
apply. McKendree University is an EEO/ADA employer. 


U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant Professor of Global Literatures in English 

http://english.uchicago.edu 
The University of Chicago's Department of English invites applications 
for an assistant professorship in global literatures in English. We welcome 
applications from scholars work ing in a specif ic reg ion (such as South 
Asia, Africa, or the Caribbean) or across regions; from scholars working 
nationally (on India, Australia, Canada, or South Africa, for instance) or 
internationally; from scholars working in a specific historical period or 
across periods; and from scholars whose work on Anglophone literature 


is part of a comparative project that involves literature in other languages. 
Ph.D. required by July 1, 2012. 
Candidates must submit a cover letter, CV, and dissertation or book ab


stract online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career Opportunities 
website, for Posting Number 00965: https://academiccareers.uchicago 
.edu. In addition, three letters of recommendation must be submitted to 
the department's chair, Elaine Had ley, by e-mail to englishpositions@ 
uchicago.edu. Online applications must be completed before midnight 
Central Time on Sunday, November 6, 2011. Letters of recommendation 
must be e-mailed by Sunday, November 20, 2011. 


Position contingent upon f inal budgetar y approval. The Universit y of 
Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant Professor of American Literature, 1770 to 1877 

http://english.uchicago.edu 
The University of Chicago's Department of English invites applications 
for an assistant professorship in American literature from candidates who 
work on any aspect of literature and culture from the pre-national and 
early national period to the end of Reconstruction. We welcome applications 
from scholars working in a specific historical period or across periods, 
as well as from those working in or between specific subfields, but 

especially from those who are creatively rethinking literary and cultural 
history. Ph.D. required by July 1, 2012. 
Candidates must submit a cover letter, CV, and dissertation or book ab


stract online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career Opportunities 
website, for Posting Number 00964: https://academiccareers.uchicago 
.edu. In addition, three letters of recommendation must be submitted to 
the department's chair, Elaine Had ley, by e-mail to englishpositions@ 
uchicago.edu. Online applications must be completed before midnight 


Central Time on Sunday, November 6, 2011. Letters of recommendation 


must be e-mailed by Sunday, November 20, 2011. 
Position contingent upon f inal budgetar y approval. The Universit y of 
Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant or Early Associate Professor of Renaissance /Early Modern 
Literature 1520 0 

http://english.uchicago.edu 
The University of Chicago's Department of English invites applications 
for an assistant or early associate professorship from scholars who work on 

sixteenth-and/or seventeenth-century British literature. Ph.D. required 
by July 1, 2012. 
Candidates must submit a cover letter, CV, and dissertation or book ab


stract online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career Opportunities 
website, for Posting Number 00919: https://academiccareers.uchicago 
.edu. In addition, three letters of recommendation must be submitted to 
the department's chair, Elaine Had ley, by e-mail to englishpositions@ 
uchicago.edu. Online applications must be completed before midnight 
Central Time on Sunday, November 6, 2011. Letters of recommendation 
must be e-mailed by Sunday, November 20, 2011. 

Position contingent upon f inal budgetar y approval. The Universit y of 
Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


U of Illinois, Chicago 

English, 2027 University Hall 601 S Morgan St, m/c162 Chicago IL 
60607 

Assistant Professor in British, Transatlantic, or Anglophone Literature 15576 

http://jobs.uic.edu/default.cfm?page=job&jobID=12872 
Department of English (MC 162) 
University of Illinois at Chicago 
601 South Morgan Street 
Chicago, IL 60607-7120 
Assistant Professor, British, Transatlantic, or Anglophone Literature, early 

modern to modernism. Beginning fall 2012. Candidates must be comm 
itted to making a signif icant contr ibution to the intel lectual life of 
the English department as well as to broader discussions throughout the 
university. The committee is especially interested in applicants who can 
bring the issues of their chosen period into contact with current debates in 
(for example) gender studies, race studies, ecocriticism, or media studies. 
Applications from women and minorities are encouraged. The University 
of Illinois is an A ffi rmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants 
should be ABD or have PhD in hand. For fullest consideration, 
please complete an application and upload letter of application, cv, and 
writing sample (maximum 25 pages) to our online job site at https://jobs 
.uic.edu by November 5, 2011. Click on "Job Search"; in Keywords, type 
"British Literature"; click on the job title, then click on "Apply Now," 
and create an account. Send (by mail) three letters of recommendation to 
Barbara Powell at the above mailing address. Review of applications will 
begin immediately and continue through November 5, 2011 or until position 
is fi lled. Final authorization of the position is subject to availability 
of state funding. 

Assistant Professors in the Department of English at the University of Illinois 
at Chicago have a 2/2 teaching load and are expected to teach undergraduate 
and graduate classes; conduct research that has the potential 
to result in publication; advise students at the graduate level; and provide 
service as appropriate to the department, the university, and the profession. 


At minimum applicants should have ABD status, and a demonstrated aptitude 
for scholarly publication. 

U of Illinois, Urbana 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor in African-American Literature 

http://www.english.illinois.edu/ 
African-American Literature, Assistant Professor. Full-time, tenure-track 
appointment in the Department of English, University of Illinois at Urbana-
Champaign. We invite applications from candidates working in any 
area and/or period of African-American literature and culture, broadly 

conceived. Ph.D. expected at time of appointment. Target starting date is 
August 16, 2012. Salar y competitive. 
To ensure f u l l con sideration, create your ca nd id ate prof i le th rough 

https://jobs.illinois.edu and submit initial application materials by November 
4, 2011: letter of application, cur riculum vitae, a 2–3 page description 
of dissertation or current research project, writing sample, and 
contact information for three professional references. Letters of recommendation 
may be requested electronically from referees at a later date. 

For further information about our depar tment, please see http://w w w 
.english.illinois.edu/. Widely recognized for its standing in American literature 
and cultural studies, our research-intensive department includes 
faculty with strong commitments to interdisciplinary fields both within 
and beyond the department. The successful candidate will join an active 
intellectual community with wide-ranging interests in approaches such as 
diaspora studies, critical race studies, queer studies, feminist studies, print 
culture, postcolonial studies, visual culture, and cultural studies. Questions 
about the position or application procedures may be directed to the 
search com mittee chair, Professor Siobhan Somer vi l le, at sbs@ illinois 
.edu. Illinois is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer and 
welcomes individuals with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and ideas 
who embrace and value diversity and inclusivity. (www.inclusiveillinois 
.illinois.edu) [R] 


U of Illinois, Urbana 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor in Writing Studies 

http://www.english.illinois.edu/ 
Writing Studies Assistant Professor. Full-time, tenure-track appointment 
in the Department of English, Universit y of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 
To participate in an active, interdisciplinary writing studies program. 
Teaching experience and a promising research agenda required in 
any area of writing studies and rhetoric including, but not limited to: rhetorical 
theory; digital literacies; writing theor y; historical, linguistic, or 
sociocultural research on writing. The target starting date of appointment 
is August 16, 2012. PhD in pertinent area required at time of appointment. 
Please create your cand idate profi le through https://jobs.illinois 
.edu and upload initial application materials to this system. To ensure full 
consideration, submit letter, curriculum vitae, a 1–3 page description of 
dissertation or current research projects, and writing sample by October 
31, 2011. Select applicants will be asked to submit letters of recommendation 
at a later date. For further information, contact Amy Rumsey 
(rumsey@illinois.edu, 217-333-2390). Salary commensurate with qualifications. 
Illinois is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer 
and welcomes individuals with diverse backgrounds, exper iences, and 
ideas who embrace and value diversity and inclusivity (http://www.inclusiveillinois.
illinois.edu). [R] 


U of Saint Francis 

English & For Langs, 500 N Wilcox St Joliet IL 60435 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.stfrancis.edu 
Tenure track position in American literature (pre-or post-1900). Sub-specialty 
in composition and rhetoric preferred. Other desired competencies 
from among this list: post-colonial literatures, drama and/or fi lm, per



formance studies, linguistics, ELL, language instruction (Spanish, French, 
Italian). Candidates in comparative literature welcome. Ph.D. required. 
Experience in organizing conferences and colloquia helpful. 4/4 teaching 
load. Submit cover letter, c.v., three letters of reference by Nov. 14 to 
Prof. Randolph Chilton, Department of English and Foreign Languages, 
University of St. Francis, 500 Wilcox St., Joliet, IL 60435. The University 
of St. Francis is a Catholic institution in the Franciscan tradition. We 
are an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcome all persons. Salary and 
other considerations will be competitive and consistent with the university’s 
commitment to recruiting the best-qualified individual. For more 
information on the university, visit http://www.stfrancis.edu/. 

U of Saint Francis 

English & For Langs, 500 N Wilcox St Joliet IL 60435 

Assistant Professor of English 15460 

http://www.stfrancis.edu 
Tenure track position ( pending approval) in pre-Renaissance Eng lish 
studies. Sub-specialty in composition and rhetoric preferred. Other desired 
competencies from among this list: post-colonial literatures, drama 
and/or film, performance studies, linguistics, ELL, language instruction 
(Spanish, French, Italian). Candidates in comparative literature welcome. 
Ph.D. requ ired. Exper ience in org a n i zing con ferences and col loqu ia 
helpful. 4/4 teaching load. Submit cover letter, c.v., three letters of reference 
by Nov. 14 to Prof. Randolph Chilton, Department of English and 
Foreign Languages, University of St. Francis, 500 Wilcox St., Joliet, IL 
60435. The University of St. Francis is a Catholic institution in the Franciscan 
tradition. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcome 
all persons. Salary and other considerations will be competitive and consistent 
with the university’s commitment to recruiting the best-qualified 
individual. For more information on the university, visit http://www.stfrancis.
edu/. 

Wheaton C 

English, 501 College Av Wheaton IL 60187 

Open Rank-English Secondary Education 15109 

http://www.wheaton.edu/hr 
The Engl ish department at Wheaton College invites applications for a 
tenure-track facult y position in English secondar y education to begin 
July 1, 2012, with preference given to candidates with training in composition 
and rhetoric. The ideal candidate will have earned a Ph.D. in English 
secondary education from an English graduate program, taught high 
school English, obtained certification at the state level (6–12), and have 
an aptitude for completing state and national accreditation reports. The 
teaching load for this position could include: methods of teaching English, 
history of the English language, adolescent literature, as well as practicum 

and student teaching supervision. Teaching ability in both literature and 
writing is expected. 
Send letter of interest, resume, and names and contact information for ref


erences to Dr. Sharon Coolidge, Chair, English Department, Wheaton 
College, 501 College Avenue, Wheaton, IL 60187. The deadline to submit 
materials for consideration is November 18, 2011. Application forms 
will be sent to promising applicants. 

Wheaton College is an evangelical Protestant Christian liberal arts college 
whose faculty and staff affirm a Statement of Faith and adhere to lifestyle 
expectations of the Wheaton College Community Covenant. The College 
complies with federal and state guidelines for nondiscrimination in 
employment. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 
For more information about Wheaton College visit: http://www.wheaton 
.edu/welcome/. [R] 


indiAnA 
Indiana U 

English, 1020 E K irkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Associate or Full Professor of Literature and Gender 

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/index.shtml 
The Department of English at Indiana University in Bloomington seeks 
a distinguished scholar specializing in feminist literar y and cultural criticism 
to help shape the future of our top-ranked program in gender and 
literature in the years to come. We invite applications from scholars at the 
full and associate professor ranks. Field and Period are open, but we will 
be especially interested in work that builds on existing strengths in gender 
and sexuality studies, twentieth-century literatures, and comparative eth


nic, transnational and post-colonial studies. (More information about our 
department is available at: http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/). 
The English Department has long enjoyed and maintained active links 

and collaborations with the Departments of Gender Studies, Communication 
and Culture, Histor y, and American Studies, among others. The 
Bloomington campus also houses superb resources including the Kinsey 
Institute for Research in Sex, Gender, and Reproduction, the Wells Librar 
y, the Archives of African Amer ican Music and Culture, the Black 
Film Archive, and the Lilly Librar y of Rare Books and Manuscripts. 

The teaching load is 2–2 on a semester system. Salary will be commensurate 
with qualifications, experience, and distinction. The appointment is 
effective starting in the fall of 2012. 

Candidates should send a letter of interest, cur riculum vitae, and the 
names of three referees to Purnima Bose, Chair of the Search Committee 
for Feminist Literar y and Cultural Criticism, English Department, 1020 
East Kirkwood Avenue, Bloomington, IN, 47405-7103. Indiana University 
is an Equal Employment Affirmative Action Employer and has a 
strong commitment to diversity; we encourage applications from women, 
people of color, and persons with disabilities. Review of applications will 
begin November 15, 2011. The search will remain open until the position 
is filled. Inquiries can be directed to Purnima Bose (pbose@indiana 
.edu). Indiana Universit y is an Equa l Opportunit y /Affi rmative Action 
Employer. [R] 


Indiana U 

English, 1020 E K irkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Assistant Professor of English and Latino/a Studies 

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/index.shtml 

The Department of English and the Latino Studies Program at Indiana 
Universit y Bloomington invite applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor position to begin in the fall of 2012. We seek a candidate who 
specializes in Latino/a literature and Latino/a Studies. This faculty position 
will have its tenure line in English, while undergraduate and graduate 
teaching responsibilities will be split with the Latino Studies Program. 

The IU Bloomington campus has an excellent tradition of collaborative 
and interdisciplinar y work. Applicants are expected to have a strong interdisciplinary 
research agenda, a commitment to excellence in teaching, 
and a readiness to contribute to a dynamic community in ethnic studies. 
Preference will be given to candidates who will have their Ph.D. in hand 
by the date of appointment. Applicants should send a letter of application, 
dissertation or book abstract, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
by October 24. Applications will be acknowledged. Interviews 
will be conducted at MLA. For further information about the department 
and the program, please consult http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/and 
http://www.indiana.edu/~latino/. 

Teaching load is 2–2 on a semester system. Salar y commensurate with 
rank. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


We encourage submission of application mater ials in electronic for m 
(Word or pdf ). Please put “Latino Studies Search” followed by your name 
in the subject line, and mail to both Christoph Irmscher and John Nieto-
Phillips, Co-Chairs, English/Latino Studies Search Committee (cirmsche@
indiana.edu and jnietoph@indiana.edu). Candidates may also mail 
materials to Christoph Irmscher, English Department, 1020 East Kirk-
wood Avenue, Bloomington, IN, 47405-7103. Any questions about the 
search or application process may also be addressed to the co-chairs. 

I n d i a n a Un i ver s it y i s a n E q u a l O pp or t u n it y/A f f i r m a t ive A c t ion 
Employer, with a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all 
areas. We are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad 
spectrum of scholars, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 


Indiana U 

English, 1020 E K irkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Assistant Professor of 20/21st Century American Poetry 15498 

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/index.shtml 
The Department of English at Indiana University Bloomington invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor specializing in 20th and 
21st-centur y Amer ican poetr y. We will be especially interested in active 
research on work from 1945 to the present. Applicants must have the 
Ph.D. in hand by the date of appointment. Applicants should send a letter 
of application, dissertation abstract and/or book prospectus, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation by October 24. Applications 
will be acknowledged. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. For further 


information about the department and the program, please consult http:// 
www.indiana.edu/~engweb/. 
Teaching load is 2–2 on a semester system. Salar y com mensurate with 


rank. The appointment begins August 1, 2012. 
Please send mater ials to Ed Comentale, Chair, 20/21st Poetr y Search, 
English Depar tment, 1020 East K irkwood Avenue, Bloomington, IN, 


47405-7103. Any questions about the search or application process may 
also be addressed to Ed Comentale at ecomenta@indiana.edu. 
I n d i a n a Un i ve r s it y i s a n E q u a l O pp or t u n it y/A f f i r m a t ive A c t ion 


Employer, with a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all 
areas. We are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad 
spectrum of scholars, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 


Indiana U, Kokomo 

Humanities, 2300 S Washington St P.O. Box 9003 Kokomo IN 46904 

Assistant Professor of English (Rhetoric/Composition) 15441 

http://www.iuk.edu/admin-services/hr/new-applicants/ 
Indiana University Kokomo 
English, Kokomo, Indiana 46904 
Assistant Professor of English (Rhetoric/Composition) 
Tenure-track position in Rhetoric/Composition to begin Fall 2012. Can


didates must have a doctorate in hand by December 2011. Teach courses 
in composition and work with programs in wr iting in the disciplines, 
freshman learning com munities, English track in editing/publishing/ 
media, and graduate program preparing students for university teaching. 
Desirable secondar y areas of interest include editing, publishing, digital 
humanities, linguistics, interdisciplinar y studies, and gender studies. Inter 
views wil l be available at the MLA convention in Seattle. To apply, 
submit a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, a list of graduate work, a statement 
of teaching philosophy, a research statement outlining research 
goals, and at least three letters of recommendation electronically as attachments 
to swilson@iuk.edu by November 1, 2011. Please see http://www 
.iuk.edu/admin-services/hr/new-applicants/job-opportunities.shtml for 
further details about the position. Indiana Universit y is an Affi rmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


Indiana U-Purdue U, Indianapolis 

English, 425 N Universit y Blvd Cavanaugh Hall Indianapolis IN 46202 

Visiting Research Associate Position in Shakespeare Studies 

http://www.iupui.edu 
The School of Liberal Arts at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis 
seeks to fill a research associate position in Shakespeare Studies, 
beginning in August 2012 (with a one-year contract, renewable up to four 
years). The Visiting Research Associate will join a team work ing on a 
new multi-platform edition (print and digital) of Shakespeare’s Complete 
Works, to be published by Oxford Universit y Press (general edited by 
Terri Bourus, John Jowett, and Gary Taylor). Candidates must have training 
in, and enthusiasm about, early modern bibliography and/or textual 
studies, performance or book history. We will begin considering applications 
immediately and continue until the positions are filled. Applications, 
including a cover letter, c.v., and three letters of recommendation, should 
be submitted online as Word or pdf fi les, addressed to Dr. Terri Bourus 


at tbourus@iupui.edu. We will begin considering applications on Dec. 1, 
2011 and continue until the position is filled. 
IUPUI is an EEO/AA Employer, M/F/D. 


Indiana U Southeast 

English, 4201 Grant Line Rd New A lbany IN 47150 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.ius.edu 
The Department of English at Indiana University Southeast invites appli


cations for a tenure-track, Assistant Professor of English position to begin 
September 2012. 
We seek candidates with an earned doctorate and with expertise in Amer


ican literature and culture from 1865 to the present. 
Normal teaching load is four courses per semester with one course reassigned 
time for research. Primary responsibilities include teaching upper 
and lower division courses in American literature and culture (surveys, 


electives), and critical theory. A commitment to undergraduate teaching, 
advising, and service is essential. 
The successful candidate should have three years of prior exper ience 


teaching American literature. Preference will be given to candidates with 


expertise and teaching experience in critical theory. 
Electronic submissions only; please attach application letter, vita, and a 
copy of official graduate transcripts. Three letters of recommendation required; 
recommenders send letters separately, as email attachments. Send 
all application materials to the English Search Committee, via email to 
the following address: hr@ius.edu. Review of complete applications (including 
letters of recommendation) will begin November 10, 2011 and 
will continue until the position is fi l led. Contact Human Resources at 
812-941-2356 should you need any accommodations during the application 
process due to a disability. IU Southeast is an AA/EOE. 


Indiana U Southeast 

English, 4201 Grant Line Rd New A lbany IN 47150 

Visiting Assistant Professor in African-American and American Literature 
15431 

http://www.ius.edu 
The English Department at Indiana University Southeast seeks a Visiting 

Assistant Professor in African-American and American Literature, beginning 
spring semester 2012. 
We prefer candidates with an earned Ph.D. in English, as well as a dem


onstrated commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching. 
Teaching load is four courses per semester. Pr imar y responsibilit y is to 
teach lower-and-upper-level literature, primarily the American literature 
survey (up to 1914); elective courses in African-American literature; and 
an introduction to literar y criticism and theory. 


Electronic submissions only; please attach application letter, vita, and a 
copy of official graduate transcripts. Three letters of recommendation required; 
recommenders should send letters separately, as email attachments. 
Send all application materials to the English Search Committee, via email 
to the following address: hr@ius.edu. Review of complete applications 
(including letters of recommendation) will begin October 16, 2011 and 
will continue until the position is fi l led. Contact Human Resources at 
812-941-2356 should you need any accommodations during the application 
process due to a disability. IU Southeast is an AA/EOE.

 U of Notre Dame 

English, 356 O'Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Fiction Writer. Rank: Tenure Track Assistant Professor 15230 

http://english.nd.edu 
We seek a fiction writer, at the assistant professor level, to teach primarily 
in our well-established undergraduate-and graduate-level Creative Writing 
Program. Fiction wr iters who have published at least one novel or 
collection of stories with a nationally recognized press are encouraged to 
apply. Publications in another genre are desirable. MFA degree or equivalent 
expected. Please send letter of interest and vita to Orlando Menes, 
Director of Creative Writing, Dept. of English, 356 O'Shaughnessy, University 
of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN, 46556, by October 31st, 2011, 

and indicate whether you plan to attend the MLA convention in January 
2012. 
The University of Notre Dame, an international Catholic research uni


versit y, is an equal oppor tunit y educator and employer with strong institutiona 
l and academ ic commitments to racial, cultura l, and gender 
diversity. Women, m inor ities, and those attracted to a universit y with 
a Catholic identity are encouraged to apply. Infor mation about Notre 
Dame, i nclud ing our m ission st atement, is ava i lable at htt p://w w w. 
nd.edu. Information about Notre Dame's creative writing program is also 
available at http://www.nd.edu/~alcwp/ [R] 


U of Notre Dame 

Institute for Latino Studies, C of Arts & Letters 100 O'Shaughnessy 
Hall Notre Dame IN 46556 

D irector 15382 

http://latinostudies.nd.edu 
The University of Notre Dame seeks a Director for its Institute for Latino 
Studies, with a tenured appointment in an appropriate department in the 
University. From its founding in 1999, the Institute has emerged as one 
of the leading Latino studies centers in the nation, and Notre Dame is 
committed to its further development, notably in the context of a rapidly 
growing and highly talented Latino/a student population. (For more information 
on the Institute see http://latinostudies.nd.edu). The successful 
candidate must have a highly distinguished record of research and publication 
as well as a record of relevant and successful administrative experience. 
Such a scholar-administrator will have a national profile in Latino 
Studies; an imaginative and dynamic vision of its past, present, and future; 
and a keen appreciation of the interdisciplinary character of the field. 
He or she will demonstrate a capacity and willingness to attract external 
funding to the Institute, as well as a strong commitment to the Catholic 
character of Notre Dame as articulated in the University’s mission statement 
(http://nd.edu/aboutnd/mission-statement). Review of applications 
w ill beg in on October 1, 2011, and wil l continue until the position is 
filled. Notre Dame is an AA/EOE employer. Women, candidates from 
diverse ethnic backgrounds and all candidates attracted to the Catholic 

mission of the university are especially encouraged to apply. Applicants 
should send a letter of application, c.v. and list of references to: 
John T. McGreevy 

I. A. O’Shaughnessy Dean 
College of Arts and Letters 
100 O'Shaughnessy Hall 
University of Notre Dame 
Notre Dame IN 46556 
Tel. (574) 631-7085 
[or via email: aldean@nd.edu, in the subject line: ILS Director] [R] 


iowA 
Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Assistant Professor-English Renaissance Literature 

http://www.grinnell.edu 
GRINNELL COLLEGE. Tenure-track position in the Depar tment of 
English (English Renaissance Literature), starting Fall 2012. Assistant 
Professor (PhD) preferred; Instructor (A BD) or Associate Professor possible. 
For complete description and application instructions, please go to 
https://jobs.grinnell.edu. In letters of application, candidates should discuss 
their interest in developing as a teacher and scholar in an undergraduate, 
liberal-arts college that emphasizes close student-faculty interaction. 
They also should discuss what they can contribute to efforts to cultivate 
a wide diversity of people and perspectives, a core value of Grinnell College. 
To be assured of full consideration, all application materials should 
be received by November 11, 2011. Candidates will need to upload a letter 
of application, curriculum vita, transcripts (copies acceptable), statement 
of teaching philosophy, recent teaching evaluations, writing sample, 
and prov ide email addresses for three references. Questions about this 
search should be directed to Professor Shuchi Kapila, at EnglishSearch@ 
grinnell.edu or 641-269-4655. AA/EOE [R] 


Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Assistant Professor-Ethnic American Literature 

http://www.grinnell.edu 
GRINNELL COLLEGE. Tenure-track position in the Depar tment of 
English (Ethnic American Literature and Poetry Writing), starting Fall 
2012. Assistant Professor (PhD) preferred; Instructor (ABD) or Associate 
Professor possible. For complete description and application instructions, 
please go to https://jobs.grinnell.edu. In letters of application, candidates 
should discuss their interest in developing as a teacher and scholar in an 
undergraduate liberal arts college that emphasizes close student-faculty 
interaction. They also should discuss what they can contribute to efforts 
to cultivate a wide diversity of people and perspectives. To be assured of 
full consideration, al l application mater ials should be received by November 
11, 2011. Candidates will need to upload a letter of application, 
curriculum vita, transcripts (copies acceptable), statement of teaching philosophy, 
recent teaching evaluations, writing sample, and provide email 
addresses for three references. Questions about this search should be directed 
to Professor Astrid Henry, at EnglishSearch2@grinnell.edu or 641269-
4655. AA/EOE [R] 


kAnsAs 
Kansas SU 

English, 108 English & CS Bldg Manhattan K S 66506 

Assistant Professor, 18th and Early 19th Century British literature and 
culture 15261 

http://www.k-state.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track position. Ph.D. in English (ABD considered) with expertise 
in 18th and Early 19th Century British literature and culture. Candidates 
with additiona l specialties in world literature, transatlantic or transnational 
studies, or gender and sexuality are especially encouraged to apply. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate and graduate courses in 
18th centur y Br itish literature and Romanticism; f ive course per year 
teaching load. Oppor tunities to develop innovative interdisciplinar y 
pedagog ies and mentor g raduate students. Demonstrated excellence in 
teaching, evidence of research and publication or its potential required. 
Commitment to diversity through pedagogy and course content required. 

Send letter of application, c.v., evidence of teaching effectiveness (sample 
syllabi, statement of teaching philosophy), and a list of graduate courses 
completed to Karin Westman, Head, English Dept., ECS Building, Kansas 
State University, Manhattan, KS 66506. (Letters of reference and 
wr iting samples wil l be requested later.) Review of applications begins 
November 1, 2011 and continues until the position is fi lled. Background 
check required. Kansas State is an equal opportunit y employer and actively 
seeks diversity among its employees. [R] 


U of Kansas 

English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd, 3001 Wescoe Hall Lawrence K S 66045 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing-Fiction 15368 

http://www.english.ku.edu 
Academic year, tenure-track position to begin as early as August 18, 2012. 
Duties: 1) Teach introductory through graduate-level courses in fiction 
writing, introductor y literature and writing courses, and courses in a secondary 
area of expertise. Perform advising responsibilities. Serve on graduate 
student committees and direct theses and dissertations. 2–2 teaching 
assignment. 2) Write and publish fiction. 3) Serve on departmental, College, 
and University committees. Required Qualifications: 1) Significant 
publication of prose fiction, including short fiction. 2) Potential for successful 
teaching of creative wr iting courses. 3) Additional expertise or 
experience in one or more of the following: digital publishing, creative 
writing pedagogies, speculative fiction, creative non-fiction, or poetr y. 4) 
M.F.A., A.B.D., or Ph.D. in English, or equivalent, expected by start date 
of appointment. Special consideration will be given to applicants committed 
to excellence who can contribute to the University’s innovative, 
collaborative, and multidisciplinary initiatives to educate leaders, build 
healthy communities, and make discoveries that will change the world. 
See http://www.provost.ku.edu/planning/. For a complete list of duties, 
requirements, and to apply, go to https:/jobs.ku.edu and search for position 
number 00003505. Initial review of complete applications begins on 
November 1, 2011 and continues as long as needed to identify a qualified 
applicant pool. Priority will be given to complete applications received by 
November 1, 2011. Preliminar y interviews will be conducted at MLA. 
EO/AA Employer [R] 


kentuCky 
U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Office Tower 500 S Limestone St Lexington 
KY 40506 

Full-Time Lecturer, Teaching English as a Second Language 15445 

http://esl.as.uky.edu/ 
The Center for English as a Second Language (CESL) at the University 
of Kentucky invites applications for a Full-Time Lecturer to teach in the 
Intensive English Program. Lecturers teach up to 20 hours per week in 
the multi-level academic preparation Intensive ESL Program. In addition 
to classroom teaching, lecturers are responsible for holding office hours, 
attending regular staff meetings, developing course materials as needed, 

assisting with excursions, and contributing to the general academic and 
social welfare of the program. 
Minimum requirements: MA in TESL or a related field, and experience 

teaching ESL in academic settings. 
This is a nine-month, non-tenure-track, faculty appointment. Initial appointment 
is for two years. Contract may be renewed indefinitely, with 

the possibility of promotion to Senior Lecturer. Competitive salary and 


full benefits. 
Review of applications begins immediately and will continue until the 
position is filled. Initial appointment date is flexible. 


Please e-mail letter of application, c.v., teaching statement, and three letters 
of recommendation to Tina Durbin (tmdurb2@uky.edu). Please use 
the subject line “Application for CESL Position” in your e-mail. 


The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity 
University that values diversity and is located in an increasingly diverse 
geographical region. It is committed to becoming one of the top public 
institutions in the country. Women, persons with disabilities, and members 
of other underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Office Tower 500 S Limestone St Lexington 
KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-Writing, Rhetoric, and Digital Media 

http://wrd.as.uky.edu/ 
The University of Kentucky’s Division of Writing, Rhetoric, and Digital 
Media (WRD), a newly independent program in the College of Arts and 
Sciences, seeks an outstanding teacher-scholar in writing, rhetor ic and 
digital media at the rank of assistant professor. All WRD faculty develop 
courses and offer intellectual leadership to a variety of curricular innovations: 
a new undergraduate major and a new graduate program in writing, 
rhetoric, and/or digital media (currently under development) and two 
first-year general education courses integrating oral, written, visual, and 
digital com munication. A promising research agenda and teaching experience 
required in any area of rhetoric and writing studies, including, 
but not lim ited to, the fol lowing: public rhetoric, communit y writing, 
professional writing, visual rhetoric, new media/multimedia production, 
cultural or comparative rhetorics, and composition pedagogy. A PhD in 
rhetor ic and composition or an equivalent field is required. Candidates 
must show evidence of excellence in research and teaching. The teaching 

load for the position is 2/2. Preliminary inter views will be conducted via 
teleconference. 
Please email an electronic copy of letter of application, vita, 3 letters of 

reference, a statement of teaching philosophy, evidence of excellence in 
teaching, and a writing sample by October 15 to be considered for preliminar 
y interviews to Ms. Diane Robertson (email: georgia.robertson@ 
uky.edu). 

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Appointment be


gins August 16, 2012. 
The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
University that values diversity and is located in an increasingly diverse 
geographical region. It is committed to becoming one of the top public 
institutions in the country. Women, persons with disabilities, and members 
of other underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. The University 
also supports family-friendly policies. [R] 


louisiAnA 
Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Assistant Professor of English Education 

http://jobs.selu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=54186 
The Department of English at Southeastern Louisiana University invites 
applications for a full-time, tenure-track position in Secondary English 
Education. Doctorate in English or related field required, in hand by August 
9, 2012. Ph.D. in English preferred. Responsibilities include teaching 
undergraduate/graduate courses in the teaching of composition and of 
literature, adolescent literature, and other courses in the English curriculum; 
conducting an appropriate program of research/scholarly activity; 
academic advising, supervising field experience, and coordinating with 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



the College of Education. Applicants must be committed to working with 


diversity. Southeastern is an AA/ADA/EEO employer. 
To apply, complete and subm it an online application by November 15, 
2011, including a letter of application, curriculum vita, statement of philosophy 
of teaching, and transcripts (official transcripts required upon employment) 
at: 


jobs.selu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=54186 
By the same deadline, three letters of recommendation should be mailed 
to Search Committee, English Department, SLU 10861, Hammond, LA 
70402. [R] 


mAine 
Colby C 

English, 5280 Mayflower Hill Water ville ME 04901 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 15414 

http://www.colby.edu 
Applications are invited for a one-year sabbatical replacement, for the 
2012–2013 academic year, at the rank of Visiting Assistant Professor, from 
candidates with demonstrated teaching excellence and publications in the 
field of poetics. The successful candidate will be able to teach broadly in 
the histor y of British poetr y, from the medieval period through the present. 
Anticipated teaching assignments include an annual load of five (5) 
courses over two semesters, including one section of English composition, 
one introductory course in English studies, and three poetics courses in 
the major. Composition is a shared responsibility of all members of the 


department. High priority will be given to candidates with demonstrated 
teaching excellence, publications, and completed Ph.D. 
To apply, please send application materials as .docx or .pdf attachments, 


by no later than December 15, 2011, to Katherine Stubbs, Search Committee 
Chair, poeticsenglishsearch@colby.edu. Include cover letter, CV, 
three letters of recommendation, statement of teaching philosophy, and 
description of research interests. 


In order to accommodate highly talented candidates who are simultaneously 
seeking tenure-track positions, we will inter view on-campus for 
this one-year, non-tenure-track visiting assistant professorship beginning 
March 1, 2012. Short-listed candidates will be invited for Skype interviews 
in February. All candidates will be notified of the outcome of the 
search in late spring. 


Colby is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, committed 
to excellence through diversity, and strongly encourages applications and 
nominations of persons of color, women, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. For more information about the College, please visit 
the Colby Web site: www.colby.edu. 


mArylAnd 
C of Notre Dame of Maryland 

English, 4701 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210 

Assistant Professor of English 15476 

http://www.ndm.edu 
Notre Dame of Maryland University 
English, 4701 N. Charles St., Baltimore, MD 21210 
Assistant Professor of English 
The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 

professor position with primary expertise combining two or more of the 
following areas: medieval, renaissance, or classic world literature, literary 
theory and history, rhetoric and composition. We will also consider 
secondary areas of interest that fall outside these parameters. Applicants 
must provide evidence of scholarly productivity and demonstrate ability 
to teach introductor y, advanced undergraduate, and graduate courses. 

Teaching responsibilities include expository writing, undergraduate literature 
courses, and graduate courses in our new MA program. Ph.D. in 
English required at time of hire. Teaching load is 4/3, with some classes 
delivered in weekend and evening for mat. Qualified candidates should 
visit http://ndm.interviewexchange.com and apply on-line. Please provide 
a cover letter describing teaching and research interests, current vita, 
evidence of effective teaching (may include a statement of teaching philosophy, 
syllabi, and/or course evaluations), three letters of recommendation, 
and a critical writing sample. Questions may be referred to Dr. Jeana 
DelRosso, Department Chair of English, Notre Dame of Mar yland University, 
4701 N. Charles Street, Baltimore, MD 21210, jdelrosso@ndm 
.edu. Applications should be received by November 11, 2011. 

Notre Dame of Mar yland Universit y does not discr iminate in its educational 
programs, activities or employment on the basis of race, color, 
national and ethnic origin, religion, sex, disability or age. For information 
about the university see www.ndm.edu. 

McDaniel C 

English, 2 College Hill Westminster MD 21157 

Assistant Professor of Digital Rhetoric and New Media 

http://www.mcdaniel.edu 
The Department of English at McDaniel College invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in Digital Rhetoric and New Media at the level of 
assistant professor starting August 2012. The candidate should be a specialist 
in new media composing, multimodal literature, online journalism, 
or a related field, with an interest in developing courses that emphasize 
new media and 21st centur y literacies, such as interactivit y, social networking, 
microblogging, hypertext fiction, e-poetry, digital copyright, 
graphic essays, and other digital nonfiction. Applicants must be willing to 
participate in the College’s first-year composition program and to develop 
courses to meet genera l education requirements under the McDaniel 
Plan, including the First-Year Seminar and Sophomore Interdisciplinar y 
Studies program. Ph.D. or advanced ABD required, along with evidence 
of teaching excellence and new media production. Send application letter, 
c.v., statement of teaching philosophy and three letters of recommendation 
electronically to Dr. Robert Kachur, Chair, Department of English, 
at http://www2.mcdaniel.edu/apply/English. Review of applications will 

begin November 1, 2011. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA Convention 
in Seattle, January 5–8, 2012. 
One of forty colleges and universities nationwide known for its success 

at changing the lives of its students, McDaniel College is a selective liberal 
arts college located in central Maryland, an hour’s drive from Baltimore 
and Washington, D.C. Its primary commitment is to outstanding 
teaching and to fostering critical and creative thinking and humane and 
responsible action. McDaniel College is an Aff ir mative Action, Equal 
Opportunity institution and welcomes applications from diverse candidates 
and candidates who support diversity. [R] 


Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of Technical Communication 

http://www.towson.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track appointment starting August 2012. Technical Communication 
Specialist. Areas of specialization may include information design; 
design, layout, and production; or web-based writing and design. Secondar 
y specializations in science writing, grant writing, or New Media 
are also welcome. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment 
to teaching and evidence of a promising research agenda. Three-course 
load each semester for initial three-year appointment; load after wards 
dependent upon scholarly productivit y. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline 
must be conferred by time of appointment. Electronic submission of application 
materials preferred. Address cover letter and curriculum vitae to 
Professor George Hahn, Chair, and email to engl@towson.edu. (Regular 
mail submissions, if necessar y, should be sent to: English Department, 
Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). Review 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


of applications begins 8 November 2011. Towson University is an equal 
oppor tunit y/affi rmative action employer and has a strong institutiona l 
commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, 
and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is contingent on the 
availability of funds at the time of hire. [R] 


Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of Poetry 15222 

http://www.towson.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track appointment starting August 2012. Poetry Writing specialist. 
Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment to teaching and 
evidence of a promising research or creative agenda, manifested by at least 
one book or significant other publication. Three-course load each semester 
for initial three-year appointment; load afterwards determined by balance 
of responsibilities. M.F.A. or Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be 
conferred by time of appointment. Electronic submission of application 
materials preferred. Address cover letter and curriculum vitae to Professor 
George Hahn, Chair, and email to engl@towson.edu. (Regular mail 
submissions, if necessar y, should be sent to: English Department, Towson 
University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). Deadline for receipt 
of applications: 8 November 2011. Towson Universit y is an equal 
oppor tunit y/affi rmative action employer and has a strong institutional 
commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, 
and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is contingent on the 
availability of funds at the time of hire. [R] 


Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 15221 

http://www.towson.edu/english/ 
Tenu re-t rack appoint ment st a r t ing Aug ust 2 012. 19th/20th cent ur y 
American Literature Specialist. Candidates must possess a demonstrated 
comm itment to teaching and evidence of a promising research agenda. 
Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; load 
afterwards determined by balance of responsibilities. Ph.D. in appropriate 
discipline must be conferred by time of appointment. Electronic submission 
of application materials preferred. Address cover letter and curriculum 
vitae to Professor George Hahn, Chair, and email to engl@towson 
.edu. (Regular mail submissions, if necessar y, should be sent to: English 
Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 212520001). 
Deadline for receipt of applications: 8 November 2011. Towson 
University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and has a 
strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, persons 
with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is 
contingent on the availability of funds at the time of hire. [R] 


Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 15220 

http://www.towson.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track appointment starting August 2012. Modern British Literature 
Specialist. A secondar y interest in Feminist Theor y and Women’s 
Studies is preferred. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment 
to teaching and evidence of a promising research agenda. Three-course 
load each semester for initial three-year appointment; load afterwards deter 
mined by balance of responsibilities. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline 
must be conferred by time of appointment. Electronic submission of application 
materials preferred. Address cover letter and curriculum vitae to 
Professor George Hahn, Chair, and email to engl@towson.edu. (Regular 
mail submissions, if necessar y, should be sent to: English Department, 
Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). Deadline 
for receipt of applications: 8 November 2011. Towson University is 

an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and has a strong institutional 
commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, 
and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is contingent 
on the availability of funds at the time of hire. [R] 


U of Mar yland 

English, 2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing 

http://www.english.umd.edu/employment 
Tenure-track, entr y-level position starting fal l 2012. MFA or comparable 
degree required; published book expected. To join a distinguished 
creative writing faculty with an MFA program. To assure consideration, 
please submit letter of application and C.V. by November 1, 2011. Application 
and materials must be submitted online at http://jobs.umd.edu. 
Appointment contingent upon the continued availability of funding. The 
Universit y of Mar yland is an Aff irmative Action/ Equal Opportunit y 
employer. [R] 


U of Mar yland 

English, 2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor in U.S. Contemporary Literature 

http://www.english.umd.edu/employment 
(with interest in minorit y discourse, transnationalism, and/or gender 
and sexuality). Tenure-track, entry-level position starting fall 2012. PhD 
completed or expected by time of appointment. To assure consideration, 
please submit letter of application, C.V., and a 20–25 pp. writing sample 
by November 1, 2011. Application and materials must be submitted online 
at http://jobs.umd.edu. Appointment contingent upon the continued 
availability of funding. The University of Mar yland is an Affirmative Action/
Equal Opportunity employer. [R] 


U of Mar yland 

English, 2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance/Early Modern 

http://www.english.umd.edu/employment 
Tenure-track, entry-level position starting fall 2012. PhD completed or 
expected by time of appointment. To assure consideration, please submit 
letter of application, C.V., and a writing sample (20–25 pp.) by November 
1, 2011. Application and materials must be submitted online at http:// 
jobs.umd.edu. Appointment contingent upon the continued availability of 
funding. The University of Maryland is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. [R] 


mAssAChusetts 
Amherst C 

English, PO Box 5000, Johnson Chapel Rm 1 Amherst MA 01002 

Two Faculty Searches in American Literature 

http://www.amherst.edu/academiclife/departments/english 
The Amherst College Department of English seeks to make two appointments 
in the area of American Literature before 1900. Ideally we will be 
making one tenure-track appointment at the assistant professor level and 
one appointment at the associate or full professor level, with tenure. Any 
appointment with tenure will be contingent upon tenure review. Tenured 
appointments will carr y a share of administrative responsibilities, and at 

this level, we especially seek candidates with demonstrable administrative 
experience. 
We seek scholars specializing in any period of American literature from 

“discovery” through the nineteenth centur y; candidates should also be 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



able to teach across this range. Candidates should have experience teaching 
in multiple genres/modes/media and should demonstrate a familiarity 
with the development of American cultural expression in its diverse forms 
such as comparative ethnic, transatlantic, and hemispheric literary studies. 
Digital humanities experience and innovative work across media are welcome. 
Strong commitments to scholarship and to undergraduate teaching 
in a liberal arts setting are essential. 

The Department of English is actively engaged in the teaching of writing 
and in working with a diverse student body. The successful candidate 
will teach two courses each semester with additional senior tutorials; annual 
teaching responsibilities include first-year writing-attentive courses, 
specialized advanced seminars, and open-enrollment courses in American 
literature. 

To apply, please submit as PDFs to https://jobs.amherst.edu/view/opportunity/
id/369 a letter of application, a CV, one writing sample not to exceed 
30 pages, and the names and e-mail addresses of three individuals to 
whom we may write to solicit recommendations. Review of applications 
will begin October 1, 2011, and continue until the position is filled. Candidates 
who submit their materials by November 1, 2011, will be assured 
full consideration. The positions, which require Ph.D. degrees, will begin 
in fal l 2012. Candidates must have the Ph.D. degree in hand or all requirements 
for the degree fulfilled by the start of the appointment. 

Amherst College is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men 
and women, with 1,700 students and 200 faculty members. Located in the 
Connecticut River Valley of western Massachusetts, Amherst participates 
with Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University 
of Massachusetts in the Five-College Consortium. Amherst College 
has taken a leadership role among highly selective liberal arts colleges and 
universities in successfully diversifying the racial, socio-economic, and 
geographic profile of its student body. 

A m her st Col lege is an equa l oppor t un it y employer and encoura ges 
women, persons of color, and persons with disabilities to apply. The College 
is committed to enriching its educational experience and its culture 
through the diversity of its faculty, administration, and staff. [R] 


Boston C 

English, 140 Commonwealth Av Chestnut Hill MA 02467 

Assistant Professor of 20th-Century British Literature and Culture 15260 

http://www.bc.edu/schools/cas/english/ 
The Boston College English Department seeks an Assistant Professor 
(tenure-track, PhD required) in 20th-Century British Literature and Culture. 
Applications should include letter, c.v., writing sample (20–25 pages) 
and dossier, postmarked by October 28, 2011, and addressed to Suzanne 
Matson, Chair, Department of English, Boston College, Chestnut Hill, 
MA 02467. Please include a self-addressed postcard for acknowledgement. 
Boston College is committed to the policies, principles and practices of 
equal opportunity, affirmative action, and nondiscrimination. 


Boston U 

English, 236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of Film and Literature 15238 

http://www.bu.edu/english/ 
The English Department at Boston University seeks to fill a tenure-track 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor, starting in Fall 2012, pending 
final budgetary approval. Duties include teaching fi lm histor y and film/ 
media theor y, with strong capacity to teach in a related literar y field. Doctoral 
degree required by time of appointment. Salary commensurate with 
experience. Send cover letter, vita, and 2-page description of dissertation 
or major publications by November 1, 2011 preferably as email attachments 
to ensearch@bu.edu, c/o Professor Lee Monk, Search Committee 
Chair. You can also send the material to Department of English, 236 Bay 
State Road, Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative Action/
Equal Opportunity employer. [R] 


Bridgewater SU 

English, 45 School St 340 Tillinghast Hall Bridgewater MA 02325 

DEAN COLLEGE OF HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCES 15560 

http://www.bridgew.edu 

Bridgewater State University seeks nominations and applications for the 
position of Dean of the College of Humanities and Social Sciences. 
Founded in 1840 by Horace Mann, Daniel Webster and John Quincy 

Adams, Bridgewater State University is one of the oldest public institutions 
of higher education in the United States, and is a premiere public 
university of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Bridgewater today is 
a dynamic, vibrant community of students and scholars, with excellent 
facilities, an outstanding range of academic programs and a broad array of 
undergraduate learning experiences. The University’s trajectory of excellence 
is fostered by intensive interactions between faculty and students; a 
commitment to diversity and global awareness; a heightened sense of civic 
responsibility and public service; and the deployment of new technologies 
into all forms of teaching and learning. As the comprehensive public institution 
in Southeastern Massachusetts—one of the fastest-growing regions 
in New England—Bridgewater State University is home to over 11,200 
students and over 300 faculty members, making it the eighth largest institution 
of higher education, public or private, in the Commonwealth. The 
University is situated on an idyllic, 270-acre campus, and is approximately 
45 minutes from Cape Cod and Boston, to which it is linked by commuter 
rail. 

Bridgewater State University houses five distinct Colleges: the College 
of Humanities and Social Sciences, the College of Education and Allied 
Studies, the College of Business, the College of Science and Mathematics 
and the College of Graduate Studies. BSU has invested nearly $300 million 
in an unparalleled program of construction, renovation and renewal 
over the past decade. A new academic building that will serve as the home 
of the College of Humanities and Social Sciences is in the early stages of 
development. During the past decade the number of faculty has increased 
by almost 22%, and the new dean will play a key role in the continuing 
expansion of the faculty. 

The Dean ser ves as the chief academic officer of the College and reports 
directly to the Provost. She or he works collaboratively with department 
chairs, faculty, librarians and other deans of the University to shape and 
ar ticulate the goals of the College and to promote excel lence in teaching, 
scholarship, research, creative pursuits and ser vice. The Col lege 
consists of the departments of Anthropology, Art, Communication Studies, 
Criminal Justice, Economics, English, Foreign Languages, Histor y, 
Music, Philosophy, Political Science, Psycholog y, Social Work, Sociology, 
Theater and Dance, and several area studies programs. 

The responsibilities of the position include: leading the College’s strategic 
planning efforts; developing, scheduling and supervising instructional 
programs in the College; allocating resources to departments, including 
faculty, support staff, budgets, and space; directing its program of faculty 
recruitment; working with department chairs to ensure continuous improvement 
through program reviews and accreditation; fostering a culture 
of professional development and academic achievement; assisting in 
the planning of a new building that will be the home of the College; and 
further developing interdisciplinar y collaboration between departments 
across the University. 

Applications: A full description of the responsibilities of the position, and 
an electronic application can be found at: http://jobs.bridgew.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=54072 

Review of applications will begin October 17, 2011 and continue until 
the position is filled. Applicants should attach to their on-line application 
a letter of interest and cv, which includes four professional references. 

BSU is an AA/EEO employer. [R] 



C of the Holy Cross 

English, 1 College St Worcester MA 01610 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 15325 

http://www.holycross.edu/ 
The Department of English at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in rhetoric and 
composition. Candidates must demonstrate commitment to, and excellence 
in, undergraduate teaching as well as scholarly achievement. We 
therefore seek applicants whose work integrates composition theory and 
pedagogy, and who are interested in developing and teaching academic 
writing courses and rhetoric courses that will contribute to a curriculum 
based primarily in literature. Ph.D. required. The position does not entail 
the direction of a writing center; it carries a 3–2 teaching load (including 
introductor y and advanced courses each term) with a full-salary one-
semester research leave prior to tenure review and generous sabbatical and 
fellowship leaves for senior faculty. The Holy Cross English Department 
uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email 
and paper applications will not be accepted. See http://www.interfolio 
.com/apply/3059 to apply. Through Interfolio, please submit a cover letter 
describing research and teaching interests, curriculum vitae, statement on 
teaching, copies of unofficial transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
addressed to Jonathan Mulrooney, Chair, Department of English, 
College of the Holy Cross. A l l appl ication mater ials must be received 
by November 1, 2011. Interviews by invitation will be conducted at the 

MLA convention in Seattle. We invite candidates to learn more about our 
department at (http://academics.holycross.edu/english/). 
The College of the Holy Cross is a highly selective Catholic liberal arts 

college in the Jesuit tradition. It enrolls about 2,700 students and is located 
in a medium-sized city 45 miles west of Boston. Holy Cross belongs to 
the Colleges of Worcester Consortium (http://www.cowc.org) and the 
New England Higher Education Recruitment Consortium (http://www 
.newenglandherc.org). The College is an Equal Employment Opportunity 
Employer and complies with all Federal and Massachusetts laws concerning 
equal opportunity and affirmative action in the workplace. [R] 


Framingham SU 

English, PO Box 9101, 100 State St Framingham MA 01701 

Assistant professor of American literature 15457 

http://www.framingham.edu 
The Framingham State University English Department invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in American literature starting Fall 2012. 
The position requires expertise in American literature with scholarship 
and teaching experience in poetry, African American literature, or Latino 
literature. The teaching load is 3/3 and responsibilities include first-
year writing courses, courses for the English major, American literature 
survey courses, and upper-level American literature courses. The candidate 
should hold a Ph.D. in American literature by the time of appointment 
and should provide evidence of excellence in teaching and scholarly 
and professional growth. Members of underrepresented groups and those 

committed to working in a diverse cultural environment are encouraged 
to apply. 
To apply online, please submit a cover letter and CV to http://framing


ham.interviewexchange.com. Dossiers including transcripts and three letters 
of recommendation should be sent to Dr. Carolyn Maibor, Search 
Committee, English Department, Framingham State University, Framingham, 
MA 01701. For best consideration, applications should be received 
by Wednesday, November 2, 2011. Review of applications wil l 
continue until the position is filled. Semifinalists will be asked to provide 
a half-hour DVD of one of their classes. [R] 


Harvard U 

Comp Lit, Dana Palmer House 16 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138 

Open Rank Classical and Modern Jewish and Hebrew Literature 15419 

http://academicpositions.harvard.edu/postings/3713 
Harvard University seeks to make an appointment in Classical and Modern 
Jewish and Hebrew Literature. The successful applicant will be a 
scholar of Hebrew language and literature, who studies the subject comparatively 
and contextually (e.g. through the comparative study of other 
lang uages and literatures, through the appl ication of var ious disciplinar 
y approaches, etc.). Modern per iod exper tise is prefer red, and a solid 
grounding in classical Hebrew texts is strongly desired. The rank of the 
appointment is open; junior scholars are especially encouraged to apply. 
A strong doctoral record is required. Departmental affiliation to be deter


mined. Teaching duties include four courses per year at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels; demonstrated excellence in teaching strongly desired. 
Candidates should submit cover letter, CV, teaching statement, research 

statement, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and the names and contact 
information of three references by applying online at https://academicpositions.
harvard.edu/postings/3713 . 

The committee will begin to review applications on October 17, 2011. 
Harvard is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Applications 
from women and minorities are strongly encouraged. 

Harvard U 

Visual & Environmental Studies, 24 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138 

Tenure-track assistant or untenured associate professor of film history 15128 

http://www.harvard.edu 
The Department of Visual and Environmental Studies at Harvard University 
invites applications and nominations for a tenure-track assistant or 
untenured associate professor in film history. We are especially interested 
in candidates with expertise in media archaeolog y and visual culture as 
well as in the relations between film histor y and cultural history. The successful 
candidate will contribute to a flourishing undergraduate concentration 
in film as well as a new PhD. program in Film and Visual Studies. 

Teaching duties are expected to begin Fall 2012 and include four courses 
a year. 
A strong doctoral record is required and candidates should demonstrate 

the potent ia l for sig n if icant scholarly product iv it y a nd excel lence i n 

teaching. 
Applicants for the position should submit a letter, curriculum vitae, the 
names and contact infor mation of three to five references, information 
about teaching experience and course syllabi, a teaching statement, a research 
statement, and a writing sample of 20 pages (double spaced, with 
standard margins) by October 3. Please apply online at http://academicpositions.
har vard.edu. Hard copy appl ications will not be considered. 
Harvard is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Women 
and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. 

Massachusetts Inst of Tech 

Literature, 77 Massachusetts Av, Bldg 14N, R m 407 Cambridge MA 
02139 

Assistant Professor of Literature 

http://lit.mit.edu 
The Literature Faculty at MIT seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor 
specializing in Classical Literatures. Evidence of the likelihood of a 
distinguished research and teaching career required. Research and teaching 
interests in digital humanities desirable. All members of the Literature 
Faculty teach in a wide-ranging undergraduate curriculum. Please submit 
cover letter, CV, dissertation abstract (2 pp. maximum), and letters of recommendation 
by October 21, 2011. Address applications to James Buzard, 
Head, Literature Faculty MIT. Please submit applications via Academic 


Jobs Online https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/986. Electronic submission 
of applications strongly preferred; please direct questions to Hannah 
Carpenter, Administrative Assistant at hcarpen@mit.edu. To learn 
more about our program, go to http://lit.mit.edu/ [R] 


Massachusetts Inst of Tech 

Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, Bldg 14E Room 303 
Cambridge MA 02139 

Tenure-track assistant professor in science writing 15172 

http://writing.mit.edu/ 
MIT’s Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, in the School of Humanities, 
Arts and Social Sciences, is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor 
in science writing to start in the Fall of 2012. The Program offers 
undergraduate courses in science writing and a one-year Master’s degree 
program in science writing. Candidates for the new tenure-track position 
should have significant publications, productions, or research; and/ 
or advanced degrees combined with demonstrated accomplishment in 
the public communication of science. The field of specialization may be 
in science wr iting for the public, science wr iting/production in audio, 
video and or new/digital media, long-form science writing, and/or journalism 
about science, technology/engineering, environment, health and 
medicine. Teaching experience is valuable, but not required. Applicants 
should apply via AcademicJobsOnline at https://academicjobsonline.org/ 
ajo/jobs/844 by November 1, 2011. The selection committee will begin 
reviewing applications in November and schedule interviews in December 
2011. MIT is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Mt Holyoke C 

English, 50 College St. 50 College St South Hadley MA 01075 

Assistant Professor—Early Modern/Renaissance Literature 15192 

http://www.mtholyoke.edu/acad/english 
Mount Holyoke College Department of English seeks a full-time, tenure-
track Assistant Professor in early modern English literature and culture, 
especially drama or poetry, beginning July 2012. Desirable ancillary interests 
include gender and sexuality, the global Renaissance, performance, 
and visual culture. The successful candidate will combine strong research 
interests with a commitment to undergraduate teaching in an institution 
that fosters scholarly development. English Department faculty at Mount 
Holyoke teach all levels of the curriculum with a 2–2 load that includes 

specialized seminars and introductory courses. Ph.D. in hand or expected 
by September 2012. 
We will conduct interviews at the MLA convention in Seattle. Letter of 

application, CV, disser tation (or project) abstract, br ief writing sample 
(25 pages), and sample course syllabi submitted online at http://jobsearch 
.mtholyoke.edu. Applicants should also submit email addresses for writers 
of letters of reference (4 maximum). Mount Holyoke will contact those 
referees to submit letters directly on line. All materials must be received 
by November 4, 2011; applications acknowledged by email. Further information: 
John Lemly, Chair, jlemly@mtholyoke.edu. 

Mount Holyoke is an undergraduate liberal arts college for women with 
2,300 students and 200 faculty. Half the faculty are women; one-fourth 
are persons of color. Located 80 miles west of Boston in the Connecticut 
River val ley, it is a member of the Five College Consor tium, consisting 
of Amherst, Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith colleges and 
the Universit y of Massachusetts, home of the Massachusetts Center for 
Renaissance Studies and English Literary Renaissance. Mount Holyoke 
is committed to fostering multicultural diversity and awareness in its faculty, 
staff, and student body and is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Women and persons of color are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 


Northeastern U 

English, 360 Huntington Av 405 LA Boston MA 02115 

Assistant or Associate Professor, American Literature 

http://www.english.neu.edu 
The English Department at Northeastern University invites applications 
for an assistant or associate professor specializing in American literature. 
The depar tment has par ticular needs in the nineteenth centur y but is 
open to innovative scholarship from the nineteenth centur y through the 
modern and contemporar y periods of American literature. We welcome 
interdisciplinar y scholarship that will contribute to the broader field of 
A mer ican Studies at Nor theastern. The department is developing expertise 
in transnational and postcolonia l literatures as well as in digital 

humanities and is participating in a college-wide initiative on the internationalization 
of the curriculum. 
The successful candidate will have regular opportunities to teach in the 

graduate program (M.A. and Ph.D.) as well as in a vibrant undergraduate 
major serving close to 300 undergraduates. The teaching load for research 
facult y is 2/2, and junior facult y members receive pre-tenure research 
leave suppor t. Successful candidates must have the Ph D in hand by the 
time of appointment, scholarly achievement appropr iate to rank, and a 
strong commitment to teaching students from diverse backgrounds. 

Review of applications will begin immediately; for fullest consideration, 

applications should be submitted by November 16th. 
To apply, plea se v isit the Col lege of Socia l Sciences a nd Huma n it ies 
website, http://www.northeastern.edu/cssh/, and click on the Facult y 
Positions link. If you are view ing this posting through a Nor theastern 
Universit y website, simply click the button below. Applicants will be 
asked to upload letter, c.v., and writing sample. 

Questions about the position may be directed to Professor Elizabeth Mad-
dock Dillon, Search Committee Chair, at 617-373-4540. Northeastern 
University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and we 
strongly encourage applications from women and minorities. [R] 


Tuf ts U 

English, East Hall 210 Medford MA 02155 

18th Century British Literature, Assistant Professor 

http://ase.tufts.edu/english/ 

Tenure-track opening for assistant professor of eighteenth-centur y British 
Literature. 
Ph.D. must be awarded by August, 2012. Candidates should have exper


tise in British literature from the Restoration to the end of the 18th centur 
y and be capable of teaching a broad range of courses across the period, 
including courses on poetry, drama, and prose. We welcome candidates 
with a transatlantic focus. Must be able to teach at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels and to supervise and mentor students writing dissertations 
and senior theses. Evidence of superior scholarship and excellence as 
a teacher required. We will begin to review applications on November 1, 
2011 and continue until the position is filled. Preliminar y interviews will 
take place at the MLA Convention in Seattle. Please send your letter of 
application, CV, and dossier including three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Joseph Litvak, Chair, Department of English; Search Committee 
for Eighteenth-Centur y British Position; Department of English; 
Tufts University; Medford, MA 02155. 

Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
We are committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty. Members of 
under-represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. 


U of Massachusetts 

English, Bartlett Hall 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Assistant Professor, Composition and Rhetor ic 15380 

http://www.umass.edu/english 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track, focusing on composition and rhetoric. 
To direct a campus-wide Writing Center under the guidance of the Director 
of the Universit y Writing Program and in consultation with the 
Director of Junior-Year Writing. Teaching load 1/1 while Writing Center 
Director. Administrative positions rotate among composition/rhetor 
ic facult y. Teaching load is 2/2 when appointee is not Writing Center 
Director. Research interests in writing pedagogy that intersect with one 
or more of the following: global literacies/Englishes, writing in the disciplines 
or professions, multilingual writing/rhetorics, community service 
learning, writing center theory and practice. New hire will join an active 
graduate concentration in Composition and Rhetoric, an undergraduate 
Writing concentration, and a University Writing Program with first-year 
composition courses as well as junior-year, discipline-specif ic wr iting 
courses. We also have an active National Writing Project site. Qualifications: 
Firm expectation of Ph.D. in composition/rhetoric by the time of 
appointment, successful teaching record, evidence of research potential, 
exper ience tutor ing in and/or directing a wr iting center, and commitment 
to participate in an active and energetic department. Salary commensurate 
with qualif ications. Pr ior it y dead l ine: November 15, 2011. 
Send applications (vita, three letters of recommendation, sample of written 
work) to Chair, Composition and Rhetoric Search, c/o Meg Caul-
mare, Department of English, Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University 
of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003-9269. The English Department is 
com m itted to active recruitment of a diverse facult y and student body. 
UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College consortium along with 
Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also 
a member of the Academ ic Career Network, a resource for dual career 
couples. The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged 
to apply. www.umass.edu/english [R] 


Williams C 

English, 85 Mission Park Dr, Hollander Hall Williamstown MA 01267 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 15092 

http://www.williams.edu/ 
Williams College 
Depa r t ment of Eng l ish, 85 M ission Park Dr ive, Wi l l ia mstow n, M A 

01267 
Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
The English Department of Williams College seeks a two-year, full-time 

visiting assistant professor specializing in gender and sexuality in U.S. literature, 
and in feminist or queer theor y or both, beginning the Fall of 
2012. Candidates should be prepared to teach a full range of introductor y 
courses in the English Department, as well as courses in their specialty. 
Candidates must also be prepared to teach interdisciplinary courses in the 
Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies Program of the College. Candidates 
should have Ph.D. by the time of the appointment. Full-time visitors 
teach five courses over two semesters and receive a full benefits package. 

Williams College is a coeducational liberal arts institution located in the 
Berkshire Hills of western Massachusetts with easy access to the culturally 
rich cities of Albany, Boston, and New York City. The College is committed 
to building and supporting a diverse population of approximately 
2,000 students, and to fostering an inclusive faculty, staff, and curriculum. 
Williams has built its reputation on outstanding teaching and scholarship 
and on the academic excellence of its students. Please visit the Williams 
College website (http://ww w.williams.edu). Beyond meeting ful ly its 
legal obligations for non-discrimination, Williams College is committed 
to building a diverse and inclusive community where members from all 
backgrounds can live, learn, and thrive. 

Send application letter, CV, dossier or recommendations, and wr iting 
sample (25 pp. or less) directly, or through Inter folio, to John Limon, 
Chair, Department of English, 85 Mission Park Drive, Hollander Hall, 
Williamstown, MA 01267 by Nov. 4. [R] 


miChiGAn 
Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant professor of English 

http://www.cmich.edu/Jobs.htm 
CENTRAL MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. English Education: Secondary 
Education. Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English beginning 
Fall 2012. The Department of English Language and Literature 
has a vibrant English Education program and faculty, including programs 
in elementar y lang uage ar ts and secondar y English, and is a site of the 
National Writing Project. Ph.D. in English or related field required by 
August 2012. Exper tise and abilit y to teach graduate and undergraduate 
secondar y English methods courses, young adult literature, literature 
methods, and college composition required, as is the supervision of 
student teachers. Experience in secondar y schools, evidence of effective 
teaching, and an active research program are also required. Interest in or 
experience with teaching diverse populations or in rural or urban schools 
desirable. Screening of applications will begin on October 24, 2011 and 
continue until the position is fi lled. Applicants must complete an online 
application (at http://www.cmich.edu/Jobs.htm) that includes a letter of 
interest, vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and copies of official 
transcripts. In addition, please send current letter(s) of reference by mail 
or e-mail to William Wandless, Chair, Department of English, Central 
Michigan Universit y, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 or english@ cmich.edu. 
CMU is a doctoral research university with opportunities for leadership 
and involvement for its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. CMU, an A A/EO institution, strongly 
and actively strives to increase diversity within its community (see www 
.cmich.edu/aaeo/). [R] 


Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant professor of Educational Linguistics 

http://www.cmich.edu/Jobs.htm 
CENTR AL MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. Educational Linguistics. The 
Depar tment of Eng lish Language and Literature at Central Michigan 
University invites applications for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor 
of English beginning Fall 2012. Secondary specialization is open. 
The successful candidate will teach a 3/3 course load in areas such as general 
linguistics, pedagogic grammar, teaching English to speakers of other 
languages, and language acquisition. In addition, he or she will assist in 
course and progra m development, advising, and mentor ing pract icum 
students. The position offers the opportunity to work with graduate students 
in the department’s MA TESOL program, undergraduate students 
in both the ESL minor and the Secondar y Education program, and English 
language learners in the university’s English Language Institute and 
Mount Pleasant Public Schools. Candidates for this position must have received 
their Ph.D. in Educational or Applied Linguistics or a related field 
by August 2012. Evidence of successful teaching required; K-12 teaching 
experience preferred. Screening of applications will begin on October 24, 
2011 and continue until the position is filled. Applicants must complete 
an online application (at http://www.cmich.edu/Jobs.htm) that includes 
a letter of interest, vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and copies of 
official transcripts. In addition, please send letter(s) of reference by mail 
or e-mail to William Wandless, Chair, Department of English, Central 
Michigan Universit y, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 or english@ cmich.edu. 
CMU is a doctoral research university with opportunities for leadership 
and involvement for its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



groups are encouraged to apply. CMU, an A A/EO institution, strongly 
and actively strives to increase diversity within its community (see www 
.cmich.edu/aaeo/). [R] 


Kalamazoo C 

English, 1200 Academy St Kalamazoo MI 49006 

Assistant Professor of 19th Century British Literature and Culture 15500 

http://www.kzoo.edu 
Kalamazoo College invites applications for a tenure-track position in 19th 
centur y Br itish literature and culture, with preferred areas of research 
and/or teaching including race and empire, gender and sexuality, transnational 
and post-nationalist approaches, and/or Black Diaspora studies. 
Curricular contributions will include historically based courses in 19th 
century British literature and culture, with flexibility for shaping introductory 
through advanced courses around the candidate’s areas of specialization, 
including courses that would ser ve the College’s Shared Passages 
(first year, sophomore, and senior) Seminar program. This position carries 
a six course teaching load (two per quarter). The person who holds this 
position will also be expected to advise students and supervise senior projects. 
The successful candidate will demonstrate a high aptitude for and 
interest in undergraduate teaching and a commitment to the liberal arts. 


Ph.D. (or evidence it will be completed by September 1, 2012) required. 
Salar y is competitive and consistent with level of experience. 
Kalamazoo College is a highly selective national ly known libera l arts 


college offer ing an integ rated undergraduate experience that weaves a 
traditional liberal arts curriculum into educational experiences in both 
domestic and international settings. The campus is located midway bet 
ween Chicago and Detroit in Kalamazoo, Michigan, a metropolitan 
community of 225,000 which supports four college and university campuses 
along with numerous civic arts and cultural associations. Thirty-
five m iles from Lake M ichigan, the area offers many oppor tunities for 
outdoor activities. For more information about the College, see our home 
page at w ww.kzoo.edu and departmental homepage at https://reason 
.kzoo.edu/english/. 


Completed appl icat ions received by November 15, 2011 w i l l receive 
ful l consideration, with later applications reviewed as needed until the 
position is fi lled. Please electronical ly subm it the follow ing application 
materia ls to Andy Mozina in pdf format: cur riculum vitae, a one-page 
statement of teaching philosophy, a description of scholarly interests, undergraduate 
and g raduate transcripts (unof f icial acceptable), and three 
letters of recommendation. The url for upload ing application materia ls 
(except confidential recommendations) is https://www.kzoo.edu/english/ 
search. Please have confidential letters of recommendation sent in pdf format 
to englishsearch@kzoo.edu. 


Kalamazoo College encourages cand idates who w ill contribute to the 
cultural diversity of the College to apply and to identify themselves if they 
wish. Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


Monroe County Comm C 

Humanities & Social Sciences, 1555 S Raisinville Rd Monroe MI 48161 

Dean of Humanities/Social Sciences 15091 

http://www.monroeccc.edu 
Under the direction of the Vice President of Instruction, the Dean for the 
Humanities/Social Sciences Division plans, budgets, organizes, and administers 
the program and operation of the area. The Dean is responsible 
for curriculum/program development and evaluation. The Dean supervises 
faculty and support staff, provides leadership for assessment of student 
learning at the course/program levels, oversees equipment purchases 
and special events, develops annual budgets and class schedules, and maintains 
relations with area high schools and colleges and local business and 
industry to develop and deliver needed educational services. The position 
includes responsibility for special activities such as the College newspaper, 
band, choir, and theater. [R] 


Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Ste 9408 Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor in 20th/21st Century British and/or Anglophone 
Literature and Culture 

http://www.clas.wayne.edu/english 
Pending final budget approval, the Department of English at Wayne State 
University invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 

specializing in 20th/21st centur y British and/or Anglophone Literature 
and Culture. 
Wayne State University is an urban research university with the highest 

Carnegie designation of RU/VH [Research Universit y, ver y high research 
productivity]. The teaching load in the English Department is 2–2. 
The English Department is committed to scholarship that is theoretically 
engaged and historically grounded. 

The WSU Jobs site will open on October 1, 2011. To submit an application, 
applicants should go to http://jobs.wayne.edu and upload the following: 
letter of application, CV, and one 20 –25 page wr iting sample 
(double-spaced). Applicants should also arrange to have 3 letters of recommendation 
sent to Ellen Barton, Chair, Department of English, Wayne 
State University, 5057 Woodward, Detroit, MI, 48202. All materials are 
due by November 1, 2011. 

Wayne State University is a premier institution of higher education offering 
more than 400 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to 
more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University 
is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Ste 9408 Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor in 18th Century British Literature and Culture 15528 

http://www.clas.wayne.edu/english 
Pending final budget approval, the Department of English at Wayne State 

University invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
specializing in 18th century British Literature and Culture. 
Wayne State University is an urban research university with the highest 

Carnegie designation of RU/VH [Research Universit y, ver y high research 
productivity]. The teaching load in the English Department is 2–2. 
The English Department is committed to scholarship that is theoretically 
engaged and historically grounded. 

The WSU Jobs site will open on October 1, 2011. To submit an application, 
applicants should go to http://jobs.wayne.edu and upload the following: 
letter of application, CV, and one 20 –25 page wr iting sample 
(double-spaced). Applicants should also arrange to have 3 letters of recommendation 
sent to Ellen Barton, Chair, Department of English, Wayne 
State University, 5057 Woodward, Detroit, MI, 48202. All materials are 
due by November 1, 2011. 

Wayne State University is a premier institution of higher education offering 
more than 400 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to 
more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University 
is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Ste 9408 Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant in Linguistics 

http://www.clas.wayne.edu/english 
Pending final budget approval, the Department of English at Wayne State 

University invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship in 
Linguistics with a specialization in syntax and semantics. 
The Linguistics Prog ram offers the BA and M A. Wayne State Univer


sity is an urban research university with the highest Carnegie designation 
of RU/VH [Research University, ver y high research productivity]. The 
teaching load in the English Department is 2–2. 


The WSU Jobs site will open on October 1, 2011. To submit an application, 
applicants should go to http://jobs.wayne.edu and upload the following: 
letter of application, CV, and one 20 –25 page wr iting sample 
(double-spaced). Applicants should also arrange to have 3 letters of recommendation 
sent to Ellen Barton, Chair, Department of English, Wayne 
State University, 5057 Woodward, Detroit, MI, 48202. All materials are 
due by November 1, 2011. 

Wayne State University is a premier institution of higher education offering 
more than 400 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to 
more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University 
is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Ste 9408 Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor in Composition/Rhetor ic 15522 

http://www.clas.wayne.edu/english 
Pending final budget approval, the Department of English at Wayne State 
University invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship in 
Composition/Rhetoric with a specialization in new media writing and 

rhetoric. A secondar y specialization in technical and professional communication 
is highly desirable. 
The Composition Program offers the PhD and is committed to scholar


ship and teaching that is both theoretically engaged and prag matica l ly 
grounded. Wayne State University is an urban research university with 
the highest Carnegie designation of RU/VH [Research University, ver y 
high research productivity]. The teaching load in the English Department 
is 2–2. 

The WSU Jobs site will open on October 1, 2011. To submit an application, 
applicants should go to http://jobs.wayne.edu and upload the following: 
letter of application, CV, and one 20 –25 page wr iting sample 
(double-spaced). Applicants should also arrange to have 3 letters of recommendation 
sent to Ellen Barton, Chair, Department of English, Wayne 
State University, 5057 Woodward, Detroit, MI, 48202. All materials are 
due by November 1, 2011. 

Wayne State University is a premier institution of higher education offering 
more than 400 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to 
more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University 
is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Ste 9408 Detroit MI 48202 

Associate or Full Professor in Creative Writing 15527 

http://www.clas.wayne.edu/english 
Pending final budget approval, the Department of English at Wayne State 
University invites applications for an associate or full professor specializ


ing in creative writing. Preference will be given to candidates working in 
prose genres, including fiction, creative non-fiction, and drama. 
Wayne State University is an urban research university with the highest 

Carnegie designation of RU/VH [Research Universit y, ver y high re


search productivity]. The teaching load in the English Department is 2–2. 
The WSU Jobs site will open on October 1, 2011. To submit an application, 
applicants should go to http://jobs.wayne.edu and upload the following: 
letter of application, CV, and one 20 –25 page wr iting sample 
(double-spaced). Applicants should also arrange to have 3 letters of recommendation 
sent to Ellen Barton, Chair, Department of English, Wayne 
State University, 5057 Woodward, Detroit, MI, 48202. All materials are 
due by November 1, 2011. 

Wayne State University is a premier institution of higher education offering 
more than 400 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to 
more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University 
is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 


minnesotA 
Gustavus Adolphus C 

English, 800 W College Av St Peter MN 56082 

Assistant Professor of English—Early Modern British Literature 15240 

http://www.gustavus.edu 
Gustavus Adolphus College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor of English who specializes in Early Modern British literature, 
including Shakespeare, with additional expertise and experience teaching 
literar y theory. Courses might include Shakespeare and a gateway course 
for majors featuring a strong theor y component. Upper and lower division 
British literature courses are also likely. The department maintains a culture 
in which teacher-scholars work in unusual harmony, sharing responsibility 
for several core courses, regardless of specialties. The department 
is committed to hiring a new colleague who will embrace such shared responsibilities, 
including teaching a First Term Seminar course and Januar y 
Interim Experience regularly. The teaching load is six courses per year. 

Ph.D. required. In order to enhance our students’ exper iences, we encourage 
applicants who have experience in teaching diverse populations. 
To apply, send letter of application, CV, transcripts (photocopies accept


able), and three letters of reference to Rebecca Fremo, Chair, Department 
of English, Gustavus Adolphus College, Saint Peter, MN 56082. All applications 
will be acknowledged. Review of applications will begin November 
1, 2011. 

Gustavus Adolphus College is a coeducational, private, residential, national 
liberal arts college of 2,500 students, affi liated with the Evangelical 
Lutheran Church in America. It is the policy and practice of Gustavus 
Adolphus College to provide equal educational and employment opportunities 
for all. We specifically encourage applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. EOE [R] 


U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Av, Mail # JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 

http://www.stthomas.edu/english 
The Department of English announces a tenure-track position in Creative 
Writing at the assistant professor level, with preparation and a publication 
record appropriate to the teaching of an introductor y multi-genre creative 
wr iting course as well as intermediate and upper-level courses in more 
than one of the major creative genres (f iction, poetr y, literar y nonf ic


tion). Ph.D. preferred; MFA, ABD considered (with initial appointment 
of ABD at the rank of instructor). 
All full-time members of the English Department teach six courses per 

year, including our general requirement sequence in writing and litera


ture. There is also opportunity to teach graduate courses. 
Established in 1885, the University of St. Thomas is located in the major 
metropolitan area of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and is Minnesota's largest private 
university. Its 11,000 students pursue degrees in a wide range of liberal 
arts, professional, and graduate programs. 

Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas 
educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, 
act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good, and seeks 
to develop individuals who combine career competency with cultural 
awareness and intellectual curiosity. The successful candidate will possess 
a commitment to the ideals of this mission. 

The University of St. Thomas has a strong commitment to the principles 
of diversity and inclusion, to equal opportunity policies and practices, and 
to the principles and goals of affi rmative action. In that spirit, the University 
welcomes nominations and applications from a broad and diverse 
applicant pool. 

Application Deadline: November 1, 2011. Applications must be submitted 
online at https://jobs.stthomas.edu and should include a cover letter, 
curriculum vitae, and a one-page statement of your teaching philosophy 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



that specifically addresses the integration of writing and literature in general 
requirement courses. Dossiers will be requested after initial screening 
and should include three letters of recommendation, at least one of which 
specifically addresses teaching, graduate school transcripts, and a writing 
sample. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at the MLA convention 
in Seattle. [R] 


U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Av, Mail # JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of Rhetor ic/Composition 15372 

http://www.stthomas.edu/english 
The Department of English announces a tenure-track position in Rhetoric/
Composition at the assistant professor level. Preference will be given 
to teacher-scholars who teach courses in rhetoric, writing, writing theor y, 
and pedagogy. An interest in basic writing instruction is highly desirable, 
as is an interest in teaching some courses with significant literature con


tent. Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered (with initial appointment at the 
rank of instructor). 
All full-time members of the English Department teach six courses per 

year, including our general requirement sequence in writing and literature 
and upper-division courses. There is also opportunity to teach graduate 
courses. 

Established in 1885, the University of St. Thomas is located in the major 
metropolitan area of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and is Minnesota's largest private 
university. Its 11,000 students pursue degrees in a wide range of liberal 
arts, professional, and graduate programs. 

Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas 
educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, 
act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good, and seeks 
to develop individuals who combine career competency with cultural 
awareness and intellectual curiosity. The successful candidate will possess 
a commitment to the ideals of this mission. 

The University of St. Thomas has a strong commitment to the principles 
of diversity and inclusion, to equal opportunity policies and practices, and 
to the principles and goals of affi rmative action. In that spirit, the University 
welcomes nominations and applications from a broad and diverse 
applicant pool. 

Application Deadline: November 1, 2011. Applications must be submitted 
online online at https://jobs.stthomas.edu and should include a cover 
letter, curriculum vitae, and a one-page statement of your teaching philosophy 
that specifically addresses the integration of writing and literature 
in general requirement courses. Dossiers will be requested after initial 
screening and should include three letters of recommendation, at least one 
of which specifically addresses teaching, graduate school transcripts, and a 
writing sample. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at the MLA 
convention in Seattle. [R] 


U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Av, Mail # JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of British Modernism 15371 

http://www.stthomas.edu/english 
The Department of English announces a tenure-track position in British 
Modernism at the assistant professor level. Preference will be given to 
teacher-scholars with a demonstrated ability and interest in teaching Irish 
Literature, Irish Studies, or British Literature in a transatlantic context. 

Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered (with initial appointment at the rank of 
instructor). 
All full-time members of the English Department teach six courses per 

year, including our general requirement sequence in writing and literature 
and upper-division courses. There is also opportunity to teach graduate 
courses. 

Established in 1885, the University of St. Thomas is located in the major 
metropolitan area of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and is Minnesota's largest pri


vate university. Its 11,000 students pursue degrees in a wide range of lib


eral arts, professional, and graduate programs. 
Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas 
educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, 
act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good, and seeks 
to develop individuals who combine career competency with cultural 
awareness and intellectual curiosity. The successful candidate will possess 
a commitment to the ideals of this mission. 

The University of St. Thomas has a strong commitment to the principles 
of diversity and inclusion, to equal opportunity policies and practices, and 
to the principles and goals of affi rmative action. In that spirit, the University 
welcomes nominations and applications from a broad and diverse 
applicant pool. 

Application Deadline: November 1, 2011. Applications must be submitted 
online at https://jobs.stthomas.edu and should include a cover letter, 
curriculum vitae, and a one-page statement of your teaching philosophy 
that specifically addresses the integration of writing and literature in general 
requirement courses. Dossiers will be requested after initial screening 
and should include three letters of recommendation, at least one of which 
specifically addresses teaching, graduate school transcripts, and a writing 
sample. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at the MLA convention 
in Seattle. [R] 


mississippi 
A lcorn SU 

English & For Langs, 1000 ASU Dr, PO Box 120 Lorman MS 39096 

Tenure-track assistant professor of Rhet/Comp; WID Director 15332 

http://www.alcorn.edu 
Alcorn State University, an HBCU located in west central Mississippi, invites 
applications for a tenure-track English faculty/administrative position 
beginning July 1, 2012 or earlier. The successful candidate will direct 
the University's Quality Enhancement Plan, Writing Matters, a five-year 
Writing in the Disciplines initiative to improve undergraduate writing. 
Qualifications include a terminal degree in Rhetoric and Composition; 
an energetic, collaborative, and productive leadership style; and a record 
of teaching, scholarship, and service. Minimum course load is 1/1. Experience 
in writing program administration, writing in the disciplines, 
and assessment is preferred. Applicants should submit letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, official transcripts, and three professional references to 
Cynthia Scurria, Chair of English, 1000 ASU Drive #120, Alcorn State, 
MS 39096-7500. Review of applications will begin November 1, 2011. 
Alcorn is an equal employment/affi rmative action employer. Minorities 
and women are encouraged to apply. [R] 


Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Director of Writing 15403 

http://www.english.msstate.edu 
Tenure-track position for advanced assistant or associate professor, pending 
funding. PhD in Rhetoric and Composition, or PhD in English with 
emphasis in rhetor ic and composition, and at least four years of college 
teaching exper ience required. Sig nificant credit toward tenure will be 
available, depending on qualifications and experience. We seek candidates 
with expertise in writing program administration and in teaching 
first-year and advanced writing courses as well as courses in the history 
of rhetoric, rhetorical theor y, and composition theory. Secondar y interest 
in teaching literature is desirable. The successful candidate will direct 
the composition program and the universit y Wr iting Center, assisted in 
both areas by associate directors. She or he will also teach one course each 
semester and develop graduate courses in rhetorical theory and the histor y 
of rhetoric. Publications and professional service are required for tenure 
and promotion. Salar y will be competitive. Affordable and comfortable 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


faculty housing is usually available in the first two years of employment. 
Mississippi State University is a Carnegie Doctoral/Research-Extensive 
institution with over 20,000 students on the main campus. To apply, 
please send a letter and cv by November 15, 2011 to Dr. Rich Raymond, 
Head, Department of English, Mississippi State University, Drawer “E,” 
Mississippi State, MS 39762. Mississippi State Universit y is an A A/EO 
employer. [R] 


U of Mississippi 

English, PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall Universit y MS 38677 

Assistant Professor of World Literature 15499 

http://www.olemiss.edu/depts/hr/ 
Tenure-track, PhD in English or related field required. We invite candidates 
with a research specialization in postcolonial studies, facility with 
comparative methodologies and literary theory, and research and teaching 
expertise in fields outside the Western tradition, such as African, Caribbean, 
Asian, Latin American, and Middle Eastern. With established areas 
of excellence in U.S. Southern literature, American and British literature, 
and creative writing, the English Department at The University of Mississippi 
offers the MA, MFA, and PhD degrees and is the institutional home 
of THE GLOBAL SOUTH, an online journal of comparative postcolonial 
studies. Review of applications begins immediately and will continue 
until the job is filled or an adequate applicant pool is established. Interviews 
to be conducted at MLA. Apply by visiting http://jobs.olemiss.edu. 
The University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 
504/ADA/ADEA employer. 

missour i 
Columbia C 

Humanities, 1001 Rogers St Columbia MO 65216 

Assistant /Associate English Instructor 15152 

http://www.ccis.edu/jobs 
Columbia College seeks candidates for a full-time tenure-track Assistant/ 
Associate faculty position in English beginning in the Fall of 2012. The 
successful candidate will have a strong background in both English literature 
and creative writing. While we seek a generalist, the department 
is a lready well-ser ved in Medieval and Renaissance as wel l as Creative 
Non-Fiction. Qualified candidates will have an earned Doctorate in English 
in hand at time of appointment. Experience teaching English com


position literature and creative writing. Typical teaching load is 12 hours 
per semester with at least half in Freshmen level composition. 
Columbia College, founded in 1851, is a private, coeducational institu


tion offering associate, baccalaureate and master’s degrees. The college is 
ranked by US News and World Report in the Top Tier of Midwest Master 
Degrees Schools, is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission 
of the North Central Association and holds specialized accreditation in 
its education program. The college is located in Columbia, Mo., one of 
America’s most livable small cities. 

Candidates must submit a letter of application, a current vita, statement of 
teaching philosophy, official graduate transcripts, three letters of reference 
and evidence of teaching effectiveness to: Executive Vice President and 
Dean for Academic Affairs, Columbia College, 1001 Rogers St., Columbia, 
MO 65216. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until December 
1, 2011. EOE 
www.ccis.edu/jobs 

Missouri U of Science & Tech 

English & Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla MO 
65409 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://english.mst.edu/ 
The Department of English and Technical Communication at the Missouri 
University of Science and Technology announces a tenure-track position 
at the Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2012, pending funding. 
Teaching load is three courses (9 hours) per semester. Ph. D. required, 


with a specialization in American literature before 1900. Missouri S&T is 
a research university; scholarly publication is required for tenure. 
With currently 10 full-time tenure-track lines, the Department of English 


and Technical Communication offers B.A.s in English and English education, 
a B.S. in technical communication, a cooperative M.A. in English, 
and an M.S. in technical communication. Missouri University of Science 
and Technology (http://www.mst.edu), one of the four campuses of the 
University of Missouri system, specializes in training undergraduate and 
graduate students in the sciences and engineering. Missouri S&T is located 
in central Missouri, about 90 minutes from St. Louis. For further 
information about the Department of English and Technical Communication, 
please visit our website at http://english.mst.edu. 


Review of applications will begin on November 14, 2011. We will conduct 
preliminar y inter views at the 2012 MLA convention in Seattle. To 
apply, please send a letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference. 
A ll application mater ials must be electronica l ly subm itted to Missour i 
S&T’s Human Resource Off ice using the fol lowing address: hrsinfo@ 
mst.edu. Acceptable electronic formats that can be used include PDF and 
Word. Hard copy documents will no longer be accepted. Position is open 
until filled. 


NOTE: All application materials must include the position reference 
number in order to be processed. Please address your application letter to: 
Human Resources Services 
Reference Number: R31161 
Missouri University of Science & Technology 


hrsinfo@mst.edu 
The f inal candidate is required to provide off icial transcript(s) for any 
col lege deg ree(s) l isted i n appl icat ion m ater ia ls subm it ted. Copies of 
transcript(s) must be provided prior to the start of employment. In addition, 
the final candidate may be required to verify other credentials listed 
in application materials. 


Failure to provide official transcript(s) or other required verification may 


result in the withdrawal of the job offer. 
Missouri S&T is an A A/EOE and does not discriminate based on race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or 
status as Vietnam-era veteran. 


Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 


Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify. For more information on E-Verify, 
please contact DHS at: 1-888-464-4218 
Missouri University of Science and Technology is an AA/EEO employer 


and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples. 


Missouri Western SU 

English, For Langs, & Journalism, 4525 Downs Dr St Joseph MO 
64507 

Director of National Writing Project Site & English Assistant/Associate 
Professor 15399 

http://www.missouriwestern.edu 
Tenure-track, position to start August 2012. Duties include directing the 
Depar tment’s National Wr iting Program Site, teaching English methods 
and composition at the undergraduate and g raduate levels (Cer tificate 
in the Teaching of Writing and Masters in Written Communication; 
Masters of Assessment). R EQUIRED: Doctorate in English, Rhetoric, 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



Composition, English Education, or related English field; NWP site experience 
preferred; ability to use instructional technology; and a record 
of successful teaching. Salar y is commensurate with experience and rank. 
Employment is contingent upon proof of the legal right to work in the 

U.S. Qualified applicants must submit a letter of interest, vita, one-page 
st atement of ad m i n ist rat ive a nd ped agog ica l phi losophy, ev idence of 
teaching effectiveness, and three letters of reference to: recruitment@missouriwestern.
edu. Applications will be reviewed beginning October 15, 
2011. A A/EOE 
Missouri Western SU 

English, For Langs, & Journalism, 4525 Downs Dr St Joseph MO 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English Education and Director of 
National Writing Project Site 15181 

http://www.missouriwestern.edu/eflj/ 
Start date: August 2012. Duties include directing the Department's National 
Writing Program Site, teaching English methods and composition 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels (Certificate in the Teaching of 
Writing and Masters in Written Communication; Masters of Assessment). 
Required Qualifications: Doctorate in English, Rhetoric, Composition, 
English Education, or related English field; N W P site exper ience prefer 
red; abilit y to use instr uctional technolog y; and a record of successful 
teaching. Salar y is commensurate with experience and rank. Qualified 
applicants must submit a letter of interest, vita, a one-page statement of 
administrative and pedagogical philosophy, and three letters of reference 
to Dr. Mike Cadden, Chair, Department of English, Foreign Languages 
& Journalism, Missouri Western State University, 4525 Downs Dr., St. 
Joseph, MO 64507. Applications will be reviewed beginning October 15. 
AA/EOE. [R] 


Wash i ng ton U 

English, 1 Brook ings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing: Non-Fiction 15149 

Washington University in Saint Louis: The Writing Program in the Department 
of English seeks an emerging writer of creative nonfiction for a 
full-time, tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin 
in the fall semester of 2012. We particularly seek candidates with experience 
writing and teaching narrative or literar y journalism. The teaching 
expectation is two courses per semester and will include creative nonfiction 
workshops and craft courses at the undergraduate and MFA levels. 
The new faculty member will assist with the continued development of 
the creative nonfiction curr iculum, will advise undergraduate English 
majors, and will mentor MFA fiction and poetr y students interested in 
nonfiction as a secondar y genre; beyond the expected work of continued 
publication, the new faculty member will participate in departmental 
gover nance and universit y ser vice. An M.F.A. or Ph. D. in creative 
wr iting is expected; a demonstrated record of excellence in teaching is 
required; at least one book of creative nonfiction must be published or 
completed and under contract. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA 
convention in Seattle in January. The application process occurs in two 
parts. Please send a cover letter, c.v., and statement of approach to teaching 
undergraduate and graduate creative writing, to our online application 
service, https://jobs.wustl.edu, and provide the reference job number 
of 22425. Three letters of recom mend ation, and a w r it i ng sa mple of 
25–40 pages, may be sent by post to Professor Vincent Sherr y, Nonfiction 
Search Committee Chair, Washington University in St. Louis, Campus 
Box 1122, One Brookings Drive, Saint Louis, MO 63130. Preference 
will be given to applications received before November 10, 2011. Washington 
University in St. Louis is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer. Applications from women and underrepresented minorities are 
especially encouraged. Employment eligibility verification required upon 
hire. 

Wash i ng ton U 

Film & Media Studies, 1 Brook ings Dr., CB 1174 251 Umrath Hall St 
Louis MO 63130 

Assistant Professor, Film Studies 

http://jobs.wustl.edu 

Faculty position announcement: Assistant Professor, Film Studies, starting 
Fall 2012 
The Program in Film and Media Studies seeks to make a tenure-track fac


ulty appointment at the rank of assistant professor in Film Studies with a 
research specialization in Chinese-language film. This position will begin 
in fall 2012. Teaching load is two courses per semester. The appointment 
will be in FMS but teaching duties will also involve courses crosslisted 
between FMS and the Dept. of East Asian Languages and Cultures. The 
candidate should demonstrate a high level of fluency in Chinese and be 
able to situate Chinese-language cinema (whether from the PRC, Taiwan, 
or Hong Kong) within a global context. Abilit y to address other 
Asian cinemas and media ( Japan, Korea, and/or South Asia) would be 
welcome. Applicants should have a broad and deep knowledge of film. In 
addition to teaching courses focused on Chinese-language fi lm, the faculty 
member will be expected to teach courses that may include: history 
of world cinema, film theory, transnational issues in film, major directors, 
film genres, or fi lm/digital production. We encourage applications from 
candidates with an interest in the intersection between film production/ 
practice and theory. 

A PhD in film studies or a closely related field completed by the start of 
the position is required. Outstanding potential for scholarly publication 
and teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels is expected. Additional 
duties include: student advising, participation in faculty governance 
including program committees, college and university service. 

A completed application wil l consist of a letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, a writing sample, and evidence of teaching excellence such as syllabi 
and student evaluations. To apply please visit our website at https://jobs 
.wustl.edu and apply to job posting number 22435. In addition, three letters 
of reference should be sent to: Prof. Gaylyn Studlar, Chair, Chinese-
language Film Search Committee, Washington University in St. Louis, 
1 Brookings Drive, Campus Box 1174, Saint Louis, MO 63130. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled, but priority will be given 
to those received by October 15, 2011. 

Email inquires to fms@artsci.wustl.edu or call (314) 935-4056. 
Washington University in St. Louis is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, and encourages women, minorities, and persons with 
disabilities to apply. Employment elig ibilit y is required upon appointment. 
[R] 


nebr Ask A 
U of Nebraska 

English, 625 N 14th St 202 A ndrews Hall Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant Professor— Fiction Writing 

http://www.unl.edu/ 
The English Department at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln seeks a 


specialist in fiction writing, for a tenure-track appointment at the assistant 
professor level. 
The successful candidate will teach courses in fiction writing at the grad


uate and undergraduate levels, will supervise MA theses and Ph.D dissertations 
and serve on graduate student committees. Candidate must have 
an MFA or Ph.D in English with a specialization in creative writing by 
August 2012, evidence of successful teaching, and an extensive publication 
record, including at least one book published by a national press. We 
welcome secondary interests and expertise in one or more of the following: 
creative nonfiction; contemporary technologies and new outlets for 
creative work; LGBTQ/Sexuality Studies; Great Plains Studies; Ethnic 
Studies, and Women's and Gender Studies. 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Applicants should go to http://employment.unl.edu, requisition #100658 
and complete the Facult y/Academic Administrative Information for m 
and apply online. Applicants should be prepared to attach a letter of application 
and a curriculum vitae to their online application. Please do not 
send paper applications. Review of applications will begin November 1, 
2011, and continue until a suitable candidate is found. The University of 
Nebraska has an active National Science Foundation A DVA NCE gender 
equit y program, and is committed to a plura listic campus com munity 
through affirmative action, equal opportunity, work-life balance, and 
dual careers. Web site: http://www.unl.edu/english 

U of Nebraska, Omaha 

English, 6001 Dodge St Omaha NE 68182 

Assistant professor and writing center director 15386 

http://www.unomaha.edu/english 
The Department of English at the University of Nebraska at Omaha invites 
applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position with the 
additional title and duties of Writing Center Director, beginning summer 
2012. Candidates must have a Ph.D. in English or a closely related field, 
specializing in Composition, Rhetoric, Writing Center Administration, 
or WAC. The Writing Center director’s responsibilities include oversight 
of the Writing Center’s staff, promotion and outreach, assessment, reporting, 
and coordination of an active WAC initiative. The administrative assignment 
is 9 credits per year; in addition, the faculty member will have 

a 9-credit teaching assignment (three courses per year) and a 6-credit research 
assignment. Ancillary specialization in TESOL is desirable. 
Applications should include a cover letter describing writing center ex-

per ience and research and teaching interests, a curriculum vitae, three 
letters of reference, any available evidence of teaching effectiveness including 
sample syllabi, and a writing sample of no more than 20 pages. 
The cover letter, CV, writing sample, and supplemental materials must be 
submitted online: go to www.unomaha.edu, click on Employment and 
then Current Job Openings – Apply (in red). Letters of reference should 
be sent to Dr. Nora Bacon, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
University of Nebraska at Omaha, 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 
68182-0175. Review of materials will begin on November 15, 2011, and 
will continue until the position is filled. The university and department 
have a strong commitment to achieving diversity among faculty and staff. 
We are particularly interested in receiving applications from members of 
under-represented groups and strongly encourage women and persons of 
color to apply. 

U of Nebraska, Omaha 

English, 6001 Dodge St Omaha NE 68182 

Assistant professor in post-Romantic British literature 15385 

http://www.unomaha.edu/english 
The Department of English at the University of Nebraska at Omaha invites 
applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the 
field of nineteenth-and/or twentieth-century British literature, beginning 
August 2012. Candidates must have a Ph.D. in English (or else be ABD) 
with specialization in any area of post-Romantic British literature. We 
are seeking candidates who will be able to contr ibute courses at ever y 
level of the major and to our M.A. program. Teaching load is 3/3 with 3 
additional workload hours of research release each semester. Candidates 

should have a demonstrated excellence in teaching as well as evidence of 
an active research agenda. 
Applications should include a cover letter describing research and teach


ing interests, a curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, any available 
evidence of teaching effectiveness or sample syllabi, and a writing sample 
of no more than 20 pages. The cover letter, CV, writing sample, and 
supplemental materials must be submitted online: go to www.unomaha 
.edu, click on Employment and then Current Job Openings – Apply (in 
red). Letters of reference should be sent to Dr. Kristin Girten, Search 
Com mittee Chair, Depar tment of English, Universit y of Nebraska at 
Omaha, 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182-0175. Review of materi


als will begin on November 15, 2011, and will continue until the position 
is f i l led. The universit y and department have a strong com mitment to 
achieving diversity among faculty and staff. We are particularly interested 
in receiving applications from members of under-represented groups and 
strongly encourage women and persons of color to apply. 

nevAdA 
Nevada SC 

Humanities, 1125 Nevada State Dr Henderson N V 89002 

Assistant Professor of Digital Humanities 

http://nscjobs.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=50528 
Nevada State College is a new, rapidly growing four-year college located 
in metropolitan Las Vegas. We seek excellent teacher/scholars to work 
alongside dedicated faculty in a highly collegial, interdisciplinary environment. 
Our faculty members enjoy the rare opportunity to shape the 

college as it continues to grow into a cornerstone of higher education in 
Southern Nevada. 
Faculty in the Liberal A rts & Sciences work in a new, state-of-the-ar t 

facility on our developing 500-acre campus that features “smart” classroom 
s, cutt ing ed ge biotech nolog y l abs, a nd a world-class Fi na nce 
Center. Our academic faculty members combine rigorous academic preparation 
from top doctoral programs with a dedication to new and exemplar 
y methods of instruction. 

Nevada State College invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor 
in the Digital Humanities to begin fall 2012 (required: a Ph.D. in a 
Humanities or Social Science-related field such as Film Studies, English, 
or Communication by August 2012). The preferred candidate will be a 
humanities-based scholar able to teach courses in media studies and media 
production, focusing on topics in visual arts, visual culture, and digital 
technology. 

For complete details regarding this position, please visit the academic jobs 
posting at https://nscjobs.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=50528. Review 
of applications begins October 2011 and will continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 


new hAmpshire 
Dartmouth C 

English, 6032 Sanborn House Hanover NH 03755 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.dartmouth.edu/~english 
The Department of Engl ish at Dar tmouth Col lege invites applications 
for a tenure-track position as assistant professor in modern British literature. 
We seek candidates who can teach across all major genres, especially 
f iction. Expertise in modernism in an inter nationa l context would be 
welcome. Applications will be received until November 1, 2011. Please 


submit a letter of interest and CV electronically to English.department@ 
dartmouth.edu. 
Writing samples and letters of reference will be requested at a later stage. 


Shor t-l isted ca nd idates w i l l be inter v iewed at the M LA convention. 
Dartmouth College is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer 
strongly com m itted to diversit y, and it encourages applications from 
women and minorities. [R] 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



new Jersey new Jersey 
Rowan U 

Writing Arts, 201 Mullica Hill Rd Glassboro NJ 08028 

Assistant Professor of Writing Arts 15281 

http://www.rowan.edu/writingarts 
The Writing Arts Department—a thriving stand-alone department with 
320 majors and 16 full-time facult y—invites applications for a tenure-
track composition/rhetoric specialist to begin September 1, 2012. Department 
seeks candidates with a strong background in teaching who can 
contribute to its first-year writing program, undergraduate major, and 
graduate program. Particular consideration will be given to those with 
expertise in technical, professional and new media composition. Interest 
or expertise in medica l writing a plus, though not required. Responsibilities 
include academic advising and department, college, and university 
service. Ph.D. in composition/rhetoric or related field required by start 
date. Candidate must demonstrate evidence of scholarly potential. Prefer


ence will be given to those with at least three years' experience teaching 
writing at the college level. 
All positions are contingent upon budget appropriations. Rowan Univer


sity values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employ


ment. 
Send application letter, C.V. and three letters of recommendation by November 
1, 2011, to: Search Committee Chair; Writing Arts Department; 
Rowan University; Glassboro, NJ 08028. Additional materials to be requested. 
[R] 


Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor in US Literature 1860 –1945 15496 

http://english.rutgers.edu/ 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure 
track assistant professor in US Literature 1860 –1945. Successful candidates 
must have the Ph.D. in hand (in English or a related field) by Fall 
2012, and be ready to take on duties including undergraduate and graduate 
teaching and research. Submit application letter, dissertation abstract, 
cur riculum vitae, three letters of recommendation (or a dossier), and a 


writing sample no later than November 1 through Interfolio (http://www 
.interfolio.com/apply/3100). 
Rutgers is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 


Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor in Pre-Harlem Renaissance African American 15459 

http://english.rutgers.edu/ 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure 
track assistant professor in Pre-Harlem Renaissance African American. 
Successful candidates must have the Ph.D. in hand (in English or a related 
field) by Fall 2012, and be ready to take on duties including undergraduate 
and graduate teaching and research. Submit application letter, dissertation 
abstract, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation (or a 


dossier), and a writing sample no later than November 1 through Interfolio 
(http://www.interfolio.com/apply/3088). 
Rutgers is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 


Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor in Modernism 

http://english.rutgers.edu/ 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure 
track assistant professor in Modernism. Successful candidates must have 
the Ph.D. in hand (in English or a related field) by Fall 2012, and be ready 
to take on duties including undergraduate and graduate teaching and research. 
Submit application letter, dissertation abstract, curriculum vitae, 
three letters of recommendation (or a dossier), and a writing sample no 


later than November 1 through Interfolio (http://www.interfolio.com/ 
apply/3089). 
Rutgers is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 


Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor in Literature post-1945, including Ethnic American 15495 

http://english.rutgers.edu/ 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure 
track assistant professor in Literature post-1945, including Ethnic American. 
Successful candidates must have the Ph.D. in hand (in English or a 
related field) by Fall 2012, and be ready to take on duties including undergraduate 
and graduate teaching and research. Submit application letter, 
dissertation abstract, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation 


(or a dossier), and a wr iting sample no later than November 1 through 
Interfolio (http://www.interfolio.com/apply/3102). 
Rutgers is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 


Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor in Modern Poetry and Poetics 

http://english.rutgers.edu/ 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure 
track assistant professor in Modern Poetry and Poetics. Successful candidates 
must have the Ph.D. in hand (in English or a related field) by Fall 
2012, and be ready to take on duties including undergraduate and graduate 
teaching and research. Submit application letter, dissertation abstract, 
cur riculum vitae, three letters of recommendation (or a dossier), and a 


writing sample no later than November 1 through Interfolio (http://www 
.interfolio.com/apply/3101). 
Rutgers is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 


new york 
Bar nard C 

English, 3009 Broadway New York N Y 10027 

Assistant professor of (16th-century non-dramatic) English literature 15164 

http://barnard.edu 
Barnard College seeks an entr y-level Assistant Professor specializing in 
sixteenth-century non-dramatic English literature. We expect that can


didates will have the PhD. in hand by the time of employment. The appointment 
is to begin on 1 July 2012. 
Preferred qualifications include additional expertise in a sub-field such 

as sixteenth-centur y poetr y and prose in a language other than English; 
sixteenth-century literature of discovery and colonization (comparative or 
English); trans-atlantic studies; women writers of the sixteenth century; 
sixteenth-centur y English and Continental religious culture; sixteenthcentur 
y science studies; sixteenth-century art and poetics; or interdisciplinar 
y scholarly and critical approaches that engage discourses of gender, 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


race, and class. Opportunities exist for involvement and teaching in the 

Africana Studies and Comparative Literature programs. 
Candidates should send on ly a CV, an application letter, and three letters 
of reference to Achsah Guibbory, Chair, Dept. of English, Barnard 
College, 3009 Broadway, New York, N Y 10027. Applications should be 
postmarked by 1 November 2011. 

Barnard College is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications 
from women and individuals from underrepresented groups. 

Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 

Assistant Professor, American modernism 15272 

http://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=55158 
Columbia University 
Department of English and Comparative Literature 
We invite applications for an assistant professor position in the field of 

American modernism (1910 –1960) across the major genres. We particularly 
welcome work on f iction, poetr y, and cultural cr iticism. Beyond 
teaching in the field of specialization, the successful candidate will also 
teach two courses a year in Columbia's core curriculum, typically Literature 
Humanities. Candidate must have Ph.D by commencement of appointment. 
Applications must be filed online at academicjobs.columbia 
.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=55158 by November 15, 2011. A ll 
applications must be made through Columbia University's online R APS 
application system. On the site, please upload a cover letter, current CV, 
dissertation abstract, list of references and writing sample of no more than 
twenty-five pages, and three letters of recommendation. 

Columbia Un iver sit y is a n Equa l Oppor t u n it y/A f f ir m ative Act ion 
employer. [R] 


Columbia U 

School of the Arts, Writing Division, 2960 Broadway, 415 Dodge Hall 
New York NY 10027 

Assist/Assoc Professor of Writing, or Assist/Assoc Professor of Professional 
Practice in Writing 15531 

http://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFi 

Undergraduate Writing: Fiction, Nonfiction, or Poetry, Columbia University, 
School of the Arts 
The Writing Program seeks to appoint a new faculty member in fiction, 

nonfiction, or poetr y, beginning in fall 2012. The position may be filled 
at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor (tenure-track faculty) or Assistant 
or Associate Professor of Professional Practice (practice faculty). 
The teaching includes primarily undergraduate and occasional graduate 
writing workshops and seminars. The Writing Program aims to attract 
writers with significant publications at the national level who are exper 
ienced and dedicated teachers with the potential for leadership in the 
Undergraduate Program. Salary and rank are commensurate with experience. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until 
the position is filled. 

At least one book with a nationally recognized press is required. A strong 

commitment to the teaching of writers must be in evidence. 
The Columbia University School of the Arts offers Masters of Fine Arts 
Degrees in four disciplines: film, theatre, visual arts, and writing, as well 
as an array of Masters of Arts degrees and instruction in a number of undergraduate 
programs. 

For more information and to apply for this position, please visit our online 
site at: 
https://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=54770 
Columbia University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor of 20th-Century American Literature 

http://www.fordham.edu/english 
The Fordham English Department invites applications for a tenure-track 
position in 20th-Centur y American Literature from scholars whose research 
focuses on literature before 1945, but whose teaching spans the 
20th-21st centuries, to begin at the Rose Hill ( Bronx) campus in Fall 
2012. Submit cover letter and CV by November 1 through Interfolio at 
http://www.interfolio.com/apply/3065. Interviews will be scheduled at 
the MLA convention in Seattle. Fordham is an independent, Catholic 
university in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from men and 
women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor of Drama and Performance Studies 

http://www.fordham.edu/english 
The Fordham English Department invites applications for a tenure-track 
position in drama and performance studies from candidates with expertise 
in at least three centuries (20th-21st and one other), to begin at the 
Lincoln Center (Manhattan) campus in Fall 2012. Submit cover letter and 
CV by November 1 through Inter folio at http://www.inter folio.com/ 
apply/3085. Interviews will be scheduled at the MLA convention in Seattle. 
Fordham is an independent, Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition 
that welcomes applications from men and women of all backgrounds. 
Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 

http://www.fordham.edu/english 
The Fordham English department invites applications for a tenure-track 
position in medieval literature to begin at our Lincoln Center (Manhattan) 
campus in September 2012. The position will provide opportunities 
to teach at the undergraduate and graduate levels and to participate in the 
scholarly activities of Fordham's interdisciplinary Medieval Studies program. 
We seek candidates with a fourteenth-century research focus and 
a capacity to teach the major figures of fourteenth-century poetry at the 
graduate level. Applicants must have the Ph.D. in hand by the time of 
appointment. Please submit an application letter and CV by October 15 
through Interfolio at http://www.interfolio.com/apply/3084. Interviews 
will take place at the MLA convention in Seattle. Fordham is an independent, 
Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications 
from men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action employer. 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance/Early Modern Literature 

http://www.fordham.edu/english 
The Fordham English Department is hiring a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of Renaissance/Early Modern English Literature, to begin service 
at the Rose H i l l ( Bron x) ca mpus in September 2 012. New or recent 
Ph.D. preferred; all sub-fields considered. Please submit cover letter and 
CV by November 1 to renaissance@fordham.edu and by mail to Mark 
Ca ldwel l, E M H ir ing Com m ittee, Depar tment of Eng l ish, Ford ha m 
Universit y, Bronx, N Y 10458. Inter views wil l take place at the MLA 
convention in Seattle. Fordham is an independent, Catholic university in 
the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from men and women of 


all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/Affi rmative Action 
employer. 

Hamilton C 

English and Creative Writing, 198 College Hill Rd Clinton N Y 13323 

Assistant Professor of English/Creative Writing (Poetry) 15562 

http://hamilton.edu 
The Department of English and Creative Writing at Hamilton College 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in Creative Writing (Poetr 
y) at the rank of Assistant Professor. Appointment begins July 2012. 
We seek a poet with a PhD in creative writing or literature, or MFA and 
MA (or M A equivalent graduate work) in literature. Candidate should 
have at least one book of poetr y, either published or accepted for pub lication. 
Teaching load is f ive courses annua lly, t ypical ly 2 sections of 
introduction to creative writing, an intermediate or senior workshop in 
poetry, and 2 courses in literature. Deadline for applications is November 
11, 2011. We will conduct initial interviews at the MLA convention 
in Seattle. Please send vita, letter of application, and writing sample (10 
pages) as pdf fi les to poetsrch@ ham ilton.edu, addressed to Onno Oerlemans, 
chair. Hamilton (www.hamilton.edu) is a residential liberal arts 
college located in upstate New York. Applicants with dual-career considerations 
can find other Hamilton and nearby academic job listings at 
www.upstatenyherc.org. Hamilton College is an affirmative action, equal 
oppor tunit y employer and is com m itted to diversit y in all areas of the 
campus community. Hamilton provides domestic partner benefits. Candidates 
from underrepresented groups in higher education are especially 
encouraged to apply. [R] 


Hobart & William Smith Colleges 

English & Comp Lit, 300 Pulteney St Demarest Hall Geneva N Y 14456 

Assistant Professor in World Anglophone Literatures 15145 

http://hws.edu 
The Department of English and Comparative Literature at Hobart and 
William Smith Colleges invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track 
position as Assistant Professor in World Anglophone Literatures, emphasizing 
indigenous, diasporic and postcolonial literatures of any of the following: 
Africa, the Caribbean, East Asia, Pacific Rim, and although we 
do have some coverage in South Asia, we will consider expertise in that 


area as well. Additional expertise in literature and technology and/or film 
is desirable. 
We encourage applications that show a strong theoretical or ientation, 


which can be demonstrated in literar y, artistic, social, cultural, compara


tive and/or global perspectives. 
The teaching load is five courses a year, one of which will be a section of 
the introductory course to the English major. 


We seek broad competencies that will allow the faculty member to work 
with facult y from other departments in our general cur r iculum and to 
cross-list courses with our interdisciplinary programs (see catalogue; these 
include, for example, Women’s Studies, Africana Studies, Environmental 
Studies, Media and Society). PhD should be in hand or completed by 
July 2012. 


APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS 
The deadline for receipt of applications is November 4. Candidates should 


submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, and arrange 
to have three letters of reference sent to: 
World Anglophone Search Committee 
c/o Tina Smaldone 
Department of English and Comparative Literature 
Demarest Hall 
Hobart and William Smith Colleges 
Geneva, N Y 14456-3397 
EOE 


The department will conduct preliminar y interviews at this year's MLA 
convention in Seattle, from Thursday January 5, 2012 through Saturday 
January 7, 2012. 

Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and supporting 
faculty and staff that fully represent the racial, ethnic, and cultural 
diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from under-represented 
groups. The Colleges do not discr im inate on the basis of race, 
color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, age, disability, veteran's 
status, sexual orientation, gender identit y and expression or any other 
protected status. 

Hobart and William Smith Colleges are a highly selective residential liberal 
ar ts institution located in a small, d iverse cit y in the Finger Lakes 
region of New York State. With an enrollment of approximately 2,200, 
the Colleges offer 62 majors and minors from which students choose two 
areas of concentration, one of which must be an interdisciplinar y program. 
Creative and extensive programs of international study and public 
service are also at the core of the Colleges’ mission. 

Ithaca C 

English, 309 Muller Faculty Ctr 953 Danby Rd Ithaca N Y 14850 

Assistant Professor of African American literature 

http://www.ithaca.edu/hs/depts/english/ 
Ithaca College's Department of English invites applications for a full-time, 
tenure-eligible position in African A mer ican literature, beg inning AY 
2012–13. In addition to teaching African American literature courses at 
the undergraduate level, the successful candidate will have the opportu


nity to teach courses in African American and/or multicultural literature 
to graduate students in MAT program. 
Successful candidates wil l demonstrate an abi lit y to teach in ways that 

value the varied learning needs and interests of a culturally diverse student 
population, and that reflect a commitment to encouraging the success of 
all students. We also seek candidates who have relevant experience and/or 
a record of professional engagement with groups and communities underrepresented 
in the academy. 

Qualifications: Teaching experience required. PhD in English or related 
f ield preferred; however, A BD candidates who have made sig nif icant 
progress towards completion of the degree are also strongly encouraged 
to apply. 

Ithaca College, a comprehensive residential campus community of 7000 
students, offers a learning experience that combines the best of liberal arts 
and sciences and professional education. Ithaca College continually strives 
to build an inclusive and welcoming community of individuals, with diverse 
talents and skills from a multitude of backgrounds, who are committed 
to civility, mutual respect, social justice, and the free and open 
exchange of ideas. 

Interested individuals should apply on line at www.icjobs.org and attach 
subm it letter of application and C.V. Under separate cover, please send 
three letters of reference to Claire Gleitman, Chair, Department of English, 
Ithaca College, 303 Muller Center, Ithaca, NY 14850. Questions 
about on-line application may be directed to the Office of Human Resources 
at (607) 274-8000. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and will continue until interviews are scheduled. Interviews will be held 
at the MLA convention in Seattle, WA, Januar y 2012. 

Ithaca College is committed to building a diverse academic community 
and encourages members of underrepresented groups to apply. Experience 
that contributes to the diversity of the college is appreciated. 

Lehman C, CUNY 

English, 250 Bedford Pk Blvd W Bronx N Y 10468 

Lecturer-Writing 15120 

http://www.lehman.edu 
Lehman College of The City University of New York is seeking a tenure-
track Lecturer to teach 5/4 load (27 credits). Courses include: freshman 


composition, professional writing, business writing, technical writing, 
grant and proposal writing, biography and memoir writing, and undergraduate 
literature sur vey courses. Online teaching exper ience a plus: 
publications and professorial experience required. MA preferred. Salary 
commensurate win experience. Send cover letter, CV. and three letters 
of recommendation via email to english@lehman.cuny.edu. Open until 
filled with review of CVs to begin October 1, 2011. For full position details 
visit our web site www.lehman.edu (Link to Information for Faculty 
& Staff: Human Resources-Job Opportunities). AA/EEO/ADA/IRCA 
Employer. [R] 


Lehman C, CUNY 

English, 250 Bedford Pk Blvd W Bronx N Y 10468 

Assistant Professor-Creative Writing (Tenure Track) 15119 

http://www.lehman.edu 
Lehman College of The City University of New York is seeking a tenure 
track Assistant Professor to teach 4/3 load (21 credits). Courses include: 
f reshm a n composit ion, underg raduate and g raduate creat ive w r it ing 
(including creative nonf iction), undergraduate and graduate literature 
courses. Will receive 3 credit hours each year to direct the department's 
graduate program. Minimum one year's administrative experience preferred. 
PhD preferred. Salar y commensurate with experience. Send cover 
letter, CV. and three letters of recom mendation via email to english@ 

lehman.cuny.edu. Open until filled with review of CVs to begin October 
1, 2011. 
For full position details visit our web site www.lehman.edu (Link to In


formation for Faculty & Staff: Human Resources-Job Opportunities). 
A A/EEO/ADA/IRCA Employer. [R] 


Manhattanville C 

English, 2900 Purchase St Purchase N Y 10577 

Assistant Professor of Medieval and Renaissance British Literature 15590 

http://www.mville.edu/ 
Manhattanvil le Col lege is an independent, coeducational, libera l arts 
college with a nationally and internationally diverse student body of approximately 
1,600 undergraduates and 1,200 graduate students, located 
28 miles north of New York City. The English Department invites applications 
for the position of full time tenure-track Assistant Professor of 
British Literature. A PhD in medieval or Renaissance British literature 
is required; specialt y open. The successful candidate wil l teach period 
sur veys, courses on Shakespeare (introductor y through advanced), and 
courses in areas of his/her expertise. Advising, service to the college, and 

participation in the college’s general education programs are expected of 
all faculty. 
First-round inter views wil l be held at MLA. Please incorporate into a 

single PDF a cover letter, CV, and statement of teaching philosophy, and 
send the PDF to humanresources@ mville.edu by November 15, 2011. 
Fall 2012 is our anticipated start date subject to budgetary approval. 

New York U 

English, 19 Univ Pl, R m 503 New York N Y 10003 

FACULTY POSITION 15134 

http://english.as.nyu.edu 
Department of English 
ARTS AND SCIENCE 
New York University 
The Department of English in the Facult y of A rts and Science at New 

York University seeks a specialist in African-American literature, to be 
appointed as either tenure-track Assistant Professor or tenured Associate 
Professor effective September 1, 2012, pending final administrative and 
budgetar y approval. We invite applicants working in any area of African-

American literar y studies, irrespective of critical approach, with research 
interests that enhance or complement the department's strengths in literar 
y history and post-colonial studies. The successful candidate will demonstrate 
scholarly excellence and a commitment to both graduate and 
undergraduate teaching, and must have the PhD in hand by September 1, 
2012. 

Applicants already holding tenure should submit a letter of application, a 
CV, and the names of three referees; untenured applicants should submit 
a letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, and a writing 
sample of up to 90,000 words. Materials are to be uploaded via the 
“Employment” link on the NYU Department of English web site: http:// 
english.as.nyu.edu. All applications will be acknowledged, and the official 
review will begin on October 1, 2011. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmation Action Employer. 

New York U 

Gallatin School of Individualized Study, 715 Broadway New York NY 
10003 

CLINICAL ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR AND DIR ECTOR OF CIVIC 
ENGAGEMENT 15100 

http://www.nyuopsearch.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=50931 
The Gallatin School of Individualized Study 
New York University 
The Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University in


vites applications from interdisciplinary scholars to help design and direct 
civic engagement initiatives across the curriculum. The position is a non-
tenure track but renewable contract line at the associate professor level, 
and includes all the rights of full-time faculty in the Gallatin School. The 
Director will have a significant role in helping to shape how our faculty 
and students incorporate non-classroom learning experiences—including 
communit y-based research, ser v ice-lear ning, communit y projects and 
other kinds of civic engagement—into their teaching and education, and 
in developing the ways in which this new position will advance the academic 
and outreach aims of the School. The ideal candidate will combine 
a scholarly approach with a com mitment to practice and an interest in 
program development. 

The candidate’s field of academic expertise is open, although the ideal 
candidate will demonstrate a strong record of research, teaching, and 
institution building, whether in academic settings, non-profits, NGOs, 
or communit y organizations. We look for a facult y member who wil l 
be able to teach a specific area of research as well as a variety of related 
interdisciplinar y courses, in addition to creating and coordinating civic 
engagement initiatives and building bridges to our core areas of interdisciplinar 
y study. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. or terminal degree; demonstrated excellence in re


search, teaching, and institution-building. 
Founded in 1972, The Gallatin School is an experimental college of 1500 
students located within the research university of New York University. 
Its innovative, national ly recognized B.A. and M.A. prog rams in individualized 
study encourage students to develop an integrated, multidisciplinar 
y program of study that combines courses taken in the various 
schools of N YU with independent studies, internships, and Gal latin’s 
own interdisciplinary seminars, writing courses and arts workshops. The 
School emphasizes excellent teaching, faculty research in academic fields 
as well as faculty practice in the arts, intensive student advising and mentor 
ing, and a unique combination of program flexibilit y and academ ic 
rigor. 

A l l appl icat ion mater ia ls must be subm it ted electron ica l ly. To apply, 

please visit www.nyuopsearch.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=50931 
Please submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a writing sample 
(of up to 30 pages), three letters of recommendation, a statement of your 
teaching philosophy, and a brief description of three dream courses. 

For questions, please contact Amber Pritchett at amber.pr itchett@ nyu 
.edu 


Review of applications will begin Monday, October 15, 2011, and will 
continue until the position is filled. 
NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 


Saint Lawrence U 

English, Romoda Dr Canton NY 13617 

Viebranz Visiting Professor of Creative Writing 15327 

http://www.stlawu.edu/ 
Fiction or creative non-fiction writers with significant publications and 
teaching experience are invited to apply for the position of Viebranz Visiting 
Professor of Creative Writing for the academ ic year 2012–2013. 
Publications and teaching experience in a second genre would be preferable. 
The individual hired will teach two genre-specific courses each 
semester, at the beginning and advanced level, and be an active participant 
in the English Department. Departmental activities will include giving a 
reading as part of the St. Lawrence University Writers Series; serving as a 
reader on a senior honors thesis, and possibly directing a senior independent 
project; and leading occasional workshops for senior writing majors, 
or giving a craft talk on writing. Evidence will be sought of a proven 
record of innovative pedagog y in creative writing and an enthusiasm for 
teaching. 

M.F.A. or Ph.D. in creative writing, with a minimum of two books and 
significant additional publications, are required. We encourage applications 
from candidates who br ing diverse cultural, ethnic, and national 
perspectives to bear on their writing and teaching. The successful candidate 
will join a department with a curricular commitment to teaching 
the mutuality of the study of literature and the practice of creative expression. 
Salary commensurate with experience. A fully-furnished house is 
provided as part of the compensation package. 
Please send a detailed letter of application, C/V emphasizing publications 
and relevant teaching experience, e-mail address, sample syllabi and writing 
exercises, to Dr. Sidney L. Sondergard, Viebranz Search Committee, 
Department of English, St. Lawrence University, Canton, NY 13617. Review 
of applications will begin on September 26, 2011. Finalists will be 
asked to submit a writing sample and three letters of recommendation attesting 
to teaching experience. 

St. Lawrence University, chartered in 1856, is an independent, private, 
coeducational institution of higher learning in New York State. For additional 
information, please visit SLU’s homepage at http://www.stlawu 
.edu. SLU is an Aff ir mative Action/ Equal Employment Opportunit y 
employer. [R] 


Saint Thomas Aquinas C 

English, 125 Rt 340 Spark ill N Y 10976 

Assistant Professor of English 15111 

http://www.stac.edu 
St. Thomas Aquinas College, a small private liberal arts college in Rock-
land County, N Y, invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English. Position begins in Januar y or September 2012; please 
specify available hire date in your letter. Candidates must have a Ph.D. in 
English and ability to teach First-year Composition and all levels and areas 
of American Literature. Experience in writing program administration a 
significant advantage; successful candidate will also serve as Director of 
the Writing Program. Evidence of a strong commitment to undergraduate 
teaching is essential. Please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and 3 letters of recommendation, at least one of 
which directly addresses your teaching, to Dr. R. Murray, Chairperson of 
Humanities. Applications may also be sent to rmurray@stac.edu. Priority 
will be given to applications received before November 18. [R] 


SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century Literature and Culture 15490 

http://www.buffalo.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Eighteenth-Century British Literature 
and Culture, starting Fall 2012. Application deadline: November 15, 
2011. Teaching load, sa lar y, benef its, and privileges competitive with 
other Research-1 universities. Submit letter of application, CV, dissertation 
abstract, 25-page writing sample, and contact information for three 
recommenders to http://www.ubjobs.buffalo.edu. For information, contact 
Professor Ruth Mack, Chair of the Search Committee (ruthmack@ 
buffalo.edu). The Universit y at Buffalo, The State Universit y of New 
York is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. 

SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Assistant Professor of Poetry and Poetics 

http://buffalo.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Poetr y and Poetics, starting Fall 
2012. Application deadline: November 15, 2011. Teaching load, salar y, 

benefits, and privileges competitive with other Research-1 universities. 
Submit letter of application, CV, sample of creative work, dissertation abstract 
and/or published critical essay, and contact information for three 
recommenders to http://www.ubjobs.buffalo.edu under Department of 
English, Poetics. For infor mation, contact Professor Myung Mi Kim, 
Chair of the Search Committee (mmkim@buffalo.edu). The University 
at Buffalo, the State University of New York is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

English, Stony Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 

http://www.stonybrook.edu/english/ 
Stony Brook University seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor in 
post-1945 British or Global Anglophone literature. Additional expertise 

in minority British literature, or postcolonial theor y, or literatures of the 
African Diaspora is welcome though not required. 
Ph.D. must be in or at hand by 9/1/12. The successful candidate will join 

a department in which research and teaching are innovative and interdisciplinary. 
Our faculty and graduate students work closely with Comparative 
Literature and Cultural Studies, Women's Studies, Africana Studies, 
Philosophy, History, Art History, and other departments and programs. 

Letters of application with CV should be sent by November 1 to Stephen 
Spector, Chair, Department of English, Stony Brook University, Stony 
Brook, N Y 11794-5350. The search wil l remain open unti l the position 
is fi lled. Stony Brook is an Equal Opportunity/Affi rmative Action 
Employer. If you require a disability-related accommodation, contact Stephen.
Spector@stonybrook.edu. [R] 


north CArolinA 
Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Assistant Professor, Beginning or Advanced, of Writing 

http://wfu.edu/english 
WAK E FOREST UNIVERSITY’S Department of English invites applications 
for a tenure-track advanced or beginning Assistant Professor with 
WAC/WID focus for its developing writing program. We are particularly 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


interested in candidates with a Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric, although 
we will consider exceptionally strong candidates from other fields 
who have experience with WAC/ WID, writing program administration, 
and/or curriculum design. All candidates must exhibit a commitment 
to high quality teaching and scholarship and the vision and energy 
to contribute to the development of an excellent writing program, whose 
faculty are committed composition teacher-scholars and/or professional 
writers and are on permanent contract. Teaching load is nine courses over 
four semesters (2 years); course reductions are possible when candidate assumes 
a leadership position in the writing program. Teaching responsibilities 
include first-year writing courses (typically capped at 16 students); 
Advanced Composition courses (capped at 15); and possibility to develop 
courses in the program. We are an equal opportunity employer. Salary is 
competitive, as are funds for professional development. Student admission 
is standardized test optional. Initial interviews will be conducted at MLA 
convention. 

Wake Forest University welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applications 
and nominations from women and minorities. It seeks to recruit 
and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the excellence of the University, 
and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways 
of know ing and learning. Salar y is competitive. For infor mation about 
the Depar tment of Eng lish, go to w ww.w fu.edu/english. Located in 
Winston-Salem, NC, Wake Forest University is a private, coeducational 
institution with a student-faculty ratio of 10:1. Ranking among the top 
twenty-five national universities, it offers a vibrant intellectual communit 
y with a rich cultural life, an impressive array of facilities. For facts 
about the University, go to http://www.wfu.edu/visitors/quickfacts.html. 
For information about the Department of English, go to www.wfu.edu/ 
english. For facts on Winston-Salem, go to http://w w w.cit yofws.org/ 
Home/DiscoverWinston-Salem/Articles/CityInformation. 

Applicants should apply at https://wakejobs.silkroad.com and subm it a 
cover letter directed to Dr. Scott Klein, Chair, Department of English. 
Also submit your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a 12–15 page 
writing sample. Confidential letters of recommendation must be sent via 
email by the recommender or dossier service to wakejobs@wfu.edu. Applications 
and other materials must be submitted no later than October 31 
at 5:00 pm. EOE/AA 

Questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ 
wfu.edu. Questions about the position may be addressed to english@wfu 
.edu. [R] 


Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English, Poet in Residence 15481 

http://wfu.edu/english 
WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY’S Department of English is searching 
for a tenure-track Assistant or beginning Associate Professor as poet-inresidence. 
The ideal candidate would have a terminal degree in creative 
wr iting (MFA or PhD) or extraordinar y achievement in creative writing, 
and significant publications. Responsibilities include teaching poetry 
workshops at introductor y and advanced levels, with the possibilit y of 
other courses as appropriate to candidate’s experience, co-directing campus 
reading series and helping establish a new Creative Writing minor. 

Salar y is competitive. Position begins July 1, 2012. Initial interviews will 
be conducted at MLA convention. 
Wake Forest University welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks ap


plications and nominations from women and minorities. It seeks to recruit 
and retain a diverse work force to maintain the excellence of the University, 
and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and 
ways of knowing and learning. For information about the Department of 
English, go to www.wfu.edu/english. Located in Winston-Salem, NC, 
Wake Forest University is a private, coeducational institution with a student-
faculty ratio of 10:1. Ranking among the top twenty-five national 
universities, it offers a vibrant intellectual community with a rich cultural 
life, an impressive array of facilities. For facts about the University, go to 
http://www.wfu.edu/visitors/quickfacts.html. For information about the 

Department of English, go to www.wfu.edu/english. For facts on Winston-
Salem, go to http://w ww.cit yofws.org/Home/ DiscoverWinstonSalem/
Articles/CityInformation. 

Electronic applications are strongly preferred. Applicants should apply 
at https://wakejobs.silkroad.com, and submit a cover letter directed to 
Dr. Scott K lein, Chair, Department of English. A lso submit your vita, 
statement of teaching philosophy, and a wr iting sample (5 to 7 poems). 
Conf idential letters of recommendation must be sent via email by the 
recommender or dossier service to wakejobs@wfu.edu. Applications and 
other materials must be submitted no later than October 31 at 5:00 pm. 
EOE/A A 

Questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ 
wfu.edu. Questions about the position may be addressed to english@wfu 
.edu. [R] 


ohio 
Bowling Green SU 

English, 1001 E Wooster St Bowling Green OH 43403 

Rhetoric and Composition 

http://www.bgsu.edu/departments/english 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor. The English Department at Bowling 
Green State University seeks strong applicants for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professorship in rhetoric and composition. Candidates should have a 
strong and varied record of graduate courses in rhetoric and composition, 
a dissertation centered in rhetoric and composition, and scholarly interests 
aligned with the goals and curriculum of BGSU’s Rhetoric & Writing 
PhD Prog ram. Possible interests m ight include cr itical race theor y, 
queer theory, non-Western rhetorics, argument theor y, or Writing across 
the Curriculum. The successful candidate will teach courses in the doctoral 
program, work closely with Rhetoric & Writing PhD students on 
dissertations and examinations, and work with undergraduate students in 
writing and other courses, such as those that support the preparation of 
future secondar y teachers. Doctorate in hand or by time of appointment. 
See our website for a fuller description of the position (www.bgsu.edu/ 
departments/english) and for infor mation about the program in which 
the position is centered (http://ww w.bgsu.edu/depar tments/eng lish/ 
rcweb/). Send letter outlining qualifications relevant to the position, CV 
which includes a list of graduate courses taken and brief descriptions of 
courses taught, at least three current letters of reference, and transcripts 
to Kristine Blair, Chair, English Department, Bowling Green State Universit 
y, Bowling Green, OH 43403-0191. Applications must be postmarked 
by November 10, 2011. The starting date of employment is mid 
August 2012. BGSU is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affi rmative 
Action Employer and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
veterans, and individuals with disabilities [R] 


C of Wooster 

English, Kauke Hall 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.wooster.edu/Academics/Areas-of-Study/English 
Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2012, in Br itish literature of the 
long eighteenth century (1688–1832). Expertise in Trans-Atlantic literary 
and cultural studies desirable. Teaching will include the department's introductory 
course in textual and cultural interpretation, as well as participation 
in the College's independent study program and interdisciplinar y 
programs, including First-Year Seminar. Teaching load of 5.5 courses per 
year. Ph.D. required. Letter of application, vita, three letters of reference, 

and transcript (as Word or PDF attachments) to Kathie Clyde [kclyde@ 
wooster.edu], Department of English, by November 12, 2011. 
The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and 

sciences with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate education. 
The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and mi-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



nority candidates, and encourages individuals belonging to these groups 
to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversit y by its policy of employ ing 
persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national 
origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and 
expression, or political affi liation. The College of Wooster is an Equal 
Oppor tunit y/Aff ir mative Action Employer. Employment is subject to 
federal laws requiring verification of identity and legal right to work in 
the United States as required by the Im m igration Reform and Control 
Act. Drug-free workplace. [R] 


Denison U 

English, 200 Barney Hall Granville OH 43023 

Assistant professor of English 15491 

Denison University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in British literature 
with a focus in the mid-19th through mid-20th centuries. Please 
specify your focus in the period as well as any other areas of specialization 
in your research and teaching. The 3/2 teaching assignment typically 
includes sur vey-level courses, fi rst-year writing courses, and advanced 
courses of the candidate's design. Position to begin Fall 2012. Ph.D. must 
be in hand by the start of the academic year. Interviews at MLA. Denison 
Universit y is an Affi rmative Action, Equal Opportunit y Employer. To 
achieve our mission as a liberal arts college, we continually strive to foster 
a diverse campus community, which recognizes the value of all persons 
regardless of religion, race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, disability, 
or socio-economic background. Please submit a letter of application 
and cv online at employment.denison. edu by November 18, 2011. [R] 


John Carroll U 

English, 20700 N Park Blvd University Heights OH 44118 

Assistant Professor of English literature 15541 

http://www.jcu.edu 
Assistant Professor of English, Medieval Literature. Primarily responsible 
for teaching Old English and Middle English literature at the undergraduate 
and Master’s levels, histor y of the English language and/or contemporar 
y English grammar, the British literature survey, and an occasional 
Latin course in the Classical and Moder n Languages and Cultures Department. 
Tenure track, beginning fall 2012. 3–3 course load. PhD required 
by the beginning of appointment. Evidence of publication and a 
commitment to teaching. Please submit cover letter, cv, transcripts, and 
three letters of reference to Dr. John McBratney, Chair, at jmcbratney@ 
jcu.edu, or at Department of Engl ish, John Car roll Universit y, 20700 
North Park Blvd, University Hts, OH 44118. Transcripts must be official 
and sent by mail. Postmark deadline: Tuesday, November 15, 2011. Applications 
will be acknowledged. We will interview at MLA. John Carroll 
University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is 
the Jesuit university in Cleveland. [R] 


Kenyon C 

English, 102 College Dr, Lentz House Gambier OH 43022 

Richard L. Thomas Professor of Creative Writing 15207 

A five-year untenured half-time (spring-semester) appointment, renewed 
annually, with responsibility for two undergraduate courses, one of which 
must be a wr iting workshop. Qualif ications include teaching exper ience 
and significant publication in both fiction and nonfiction (at least 
two books). The starting date is January 2013. The appointment comes 
with spring-semester campus housing and ful l t welve-month benef its. 
A lthough the Thomas Professor must be at Kenyon on ly in the spring 
semester, the position requires contributions to the life of the Col lege 
throughout the academic year (such as advising students, consulting on 
curricular matters, and helping to plan events). Applications must include 
a cover letter, a c.v., three letters of reference, and a writing sample (up 
to 30 pages). Only electronic applications will be accepted. We will read 
applications until the position has been fi lled, but you must submit your 

application by December 15 to ensure that it will be reviewed in time for 
interviews at AWP in Chicago (February 29-March 3, 2012). An Equal 
Opportunity Employer, Kenyon welcomes diversity and encourages the 
applications of women and minorit y candidates. Applications must be 
made at https://employment.kenyon.edu . 

Kenyon C 

English, 102 College Dr, Lentz House Gambier OH 43022 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://employment.kenyon.edu 
The English Depar tment at Kenyon Col lege invites applications for a 
tenure-track position (effective July 2012) in Anglophone literature other 
than British and American. Specialists in African or South-Asian literatures 
in English are especially encouraged to apply. We welcome subfields 
in postcolonial theor y, empire studies, world literature, and transnational 
studies. The teaching load is 3/2. Ph.D. is preferred. Commitment 
to scholarship and evidence of teaching excellence at the undergraduate 
level is required. To be complete, applications must include a cover letter 
detailing teaching experience and research interests, a c.v., three letters 
of reference (at least one of which must speak to the candidate’s teaching), 
and a writing sample. Only electronic applications will be accepted. 
We will read applications until the position has been filled, but you must 
submit your application by November 10, 2011 to ensure that it will be 
reviewed in time for MLA inter views. An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Kenyon welcomes diversity and encourages the applications of women 
and minority candidates. Applications must be made at https://employment.
kenyon.edu. 

Ohio SU 

English, Denney Hall 421 164 W 17th Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://english.osu.edu 
The Department of English at The Ohio State University seeks a tenure-
track assistant professor specializing in the histor y of the English Language 
from earliest times to the spread of global Englishes. Training in 
sociolinguistics and/or historical linguistics would be an advantage, possibly 
with an interest in American dialects or the language of literar y texts. 
Preference will be given to candidates whose interests integrate well with 
other areas of this large and diverse department, which include all fields of 
English and American literature, folklore, rhetoric, digital media, and literacy 
studies. Responsibilities include teaching graduate and undergraduate 
classes in English grammar and histor y of English (2:2 load), w ith 
opportunity for special topics courses. Ph.D. in hand required at time of 
appointment. Preliminary interviews at MLA convention and LSA meeting. 
The Ohio State Universit y is an Equal Opportunit y /A ff ir mative 
Action Employer. GLBT people, women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, 
disabled veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to 
apply. Send cover letter, C.V., three letters of recommendation, and teaching 
transcript by Nov. 1 to Englishjobs@osu.edu, or mai l to Professor 
Richard Dutton, Chair, Department of English, Ohio State University, 
421 Denney Hall, 164 W. 17th Ave., Columbus, OH 43210. [R] 


Wright SU 

English, 3640 Colonel Glenn Hw y Dayton OH 45435 

Assistant Professor, TESOL and Applied Linguistics 

http://https://jobs.wright.edu 


Tenure-track assistant professor in TESOL and Applied Linguistics, to 
begin September 2012. 
Required: Doctorate in appropriate f ield by the time of employment. 


Strong background in theory and practice of second-language acquisition 
and evidence of successful teaching of same. 



Preferred: Expertise in pragmatics and cultural theor y, sociolinguistics, 
and/or Asian Studies; research interest in acquisition of English by speakers 
of Asian languages; experience or demonstrable interest in collaborating 
with IEP. 

Load: Five courses over two semesters at the undergraduate and graduate 
levels, advising and service. TESOL faculty in the Wright State University 
Department of English collaborate closely with a large and growing 
in-house IEP. Salar y competitive. WSU is an AA/EOE employer. 

To apply: letter discussing your scholarship and teaching interests and experience, 
c.v. and three letters of reference by November 23, 2011. Materials 
must be submitted electronically to https://jobs.wright.edu. [R] 


ok lAhomA 
U of Tulsa 

English, 800 S Tucker Dr Tulsa OK 74104 

Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor of English 15567 

http://www.utulsa.edu 
The University of Tulsa seeks a tenure-track assistant or advanced assistant 
professor of English, commencing Fall 2012, to direct the University 
Writing Program, staffed largely by graduate students in English and postdoctoral 
fellows, and to par ticipate broad ly in a small doctoral department 
with many curricular needs. We see English as a broad field with 
fluid boundaries, encompassing not only literary, cultural, and rhetorical 
studies, but also film, creative writing, art, media studies, history of the 
book, digital humanities, women’s and gender studies, periodical studies, 
pedagogy and other interdisciplinar y areas. Teaching will include writing 
courses, departmental courses, graduate seminars, participation in a 
humanities-based general curriculum and honors program, and service on 
dissertation committees. Letter of application and vita should be addressed 
to Professor Lars Eng le, Chair, Facult y of English, The Universit y of 
Tulsa, 800 S. Tucker Dr., Tulsa, OK 74104-3189; they may be emailed to 
writing-director-search@utulsa.edu . Review of applications will begin 
on 10 October 2011 and continue until the position is filled; we expect to 
interview at the MLA. The University of Tulsa is an EEO/AA employer 

U of Tulsa 

English, 800 S Tucker Dr Tulsa OK 74104 

Associate or Full Professor of 19th-century American literature 15566 

http://www.utulsa.edu 
The Universit y of Tulsa seeks a tenured associate or full professor with 
expertise in 19th-century American literature and culture, commencing 
Fall 2012, to fill the Chapman Chair in English and to participate broadly 
in a small doctoral department with many curricular and administrative 
needs. We see English as a broad field with fluid boundaries, encompassing 
not only literar y, cultural, and rhetorical studies, but also fi lm, creative 
writing, art, media studies, histor y of the book, digital humanities, 
women’s and gender studies, periodical studies, pedagogy and other interdisciplinary 
areas. Teaching will include departmental courses and graduate 
seminars, participation in a humanities-based general curriculum and 
honors program, service on dissertation committees, and direction of dissertations. 
Letter of application, vita, and contact information for three 
recommenders should be addressed to Professor Lars Engle, Chair, Faculty 
of English, The University of Tulsa, 800 S. Tucker Dr., Tulsa, OK 
74104 -3189. Review of applications w il l beg in in November 2011 and 
continue until the position is filled. The University of Tulsa is an EEO/ 
AA employer 

oreGon 
Oregon SU 

English, 238 Moreland Hall Corvallis OR 97331 

Creative Wr iting/Creative Non-Fiction 

http://oregonstate.edu/cla/english 
Oregon State University, Department of English is recruiting for a full-
time (1.0 FTE) nine-month, tenure-track position in creative writing/ 
creative non-fiction. The position is at the rank of Assistant Professor, beginning 
fall 2012. Responsibilities include teaching courses in our thriving 
MFA program, as well as in undergraduate writing and contemporar y 
American prose. Salary is commensurate with education and experience. 
Required minimum qualifications include an MFA or Ph.D. with a creative 
writing emphasis at time of appointment and a strong publication 
record with national exposure in the form of a book or significant magazine 
publications. Significant teaching experience, commitment to curricular 
development, and cross-disciplinary collaboration are preferred. 
An interest in helping to shape a potential low-residency MFA program 
is desirable. To review posting and apply, go to http://oregonstate.edu/ 
jobs. In addition, please have three hard-copy letters of reference or Inter-
folio files sent directly to Tracy Daugherty, Professor of English and Creative 
Writing, 238 Moreland Hall, Oregon State University, Corvallis, 
Oregon 97331-5302. For full consideration, apply by 11/11/11 to posting 
0007977. OSU is an AA/EOE employer. 

Oregon SU 

English, 238 Moreland Hall Corvallis OR 97331 

Global (non-western) Film Studies 

Oregon State University, Department of English is recruiting for a full-
time (1.0 FTE) nine-month, tenure-track position in non-western film 
studies and fi lm theory, with possible sub-specialty in postcolonial fi lm/ 
theory. The position is advertised at the rank of Assistant Professor, beginning 
fall 2012. Salar y is commensurate with education and exper ience. 
Required qualifications include Ph.D. in cinema studies at time of 
appointment. Significant teaching experience, publication record, and 
demonstrated scholarly innovation and com mitment to cur r icular development 
and cross-disciplinar y collaboration are preferred. A demonstrable 
commitment to promoting and enhancing diversity preferred. To 
review posting and apply, go to http://oregonstate.edu/jobs. Include 1) 
letter of interest, 2) resume/vita, 3) record of course and thesis work to 
the site as directed. In addition, request the sending of at least three hardcopy 
or interfolio letters of reference directly to Jon Lewis, Professor of 
English, School of Writing, Literature, and Film, 238 Moreland Hall, Oregon 
State University, Corvallis, OR 97331-5302. For full consideration, 
apply by November 11, 2011 to posting 0007979. OSU is an AA/EOE. 

Oregon SU 

English, 238 Moreland Hall Corvallis OR 97331 

Scientific, Technical & Professional Writing 

http://oregonstate.edu/cla/english 
Oregon State University, Department of English, is recruiting for a full-
time (1.0 FTE), nine-month tenure-track position in Scientific, Technical, 
and Professional Writing at the rank of Assistant Professor, beginning 
fall, 2012. We are especially interested in sub-specializations in biomedical 
writing or eco-composition or related fields. Salary is commensurate 
with education and experience. Required qualifications include Ph.D. in 
rhetoric and composition at time of appointment. Significant teaching experience, 
publication record, digital/new media expertise, demonstrated 
schol a rly innovation, and interest i n prov id i ng cu r r icu lar leader sh ip 
in undergraduate core courses in scientific, technical, and professional 
writing (on-campus and E-campus) are preferred. A demonstrable commitment 
to promoting and enhancing diversit y is preferred. To review 
posting and apply, go to http://oregonstate.edu/jobs. Include 1) letter of 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



interest, 2) resume/vita, and 3) record of course and thesis work to the site 
listed below. In addition, request the sending of at least three hard-copy or 
interfolio letters of reference directly to Anita Helle, Transitional Director, 
238 Moreland Hall, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR 973315302. 
For full consideration, apply by Nov 11, 2011, to posting 0007981. 
OSU is an AA/EOE. 

U of Oregon 

Comp Lit, 5242 U of Oregon, 313 Villard Hall Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 15472 

http://complit.uoregon.edu 
MLA Advertisement 
The University of Oregon’s Comparative Literature Department invites 

applications for a tenure-track assistant professor in Translation Studies. 
Areas of linguistic and literary specialization are open, but strong preference 
will be given to candidates whose scholarship engages substantially 
and deliberately with translation and theories of translation as they bear 
upon one or more of the following: (1) literary history, with an emphasis 
on interactions between languages and epochs, (2) philosophy of language, 
understood broadly to include philology and/or the study of sign 
systems, (3) inter-media aesthetics, and (4) transnational studies. The successful 
candidate will be expected to teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses, remain an active scholar and contribute to a growing interest in 
translation within an interdepartmental framework. Requirements: Ph.D. 
in Comparative Literature or other relevant field by or before September 
2012. 

Interested per sons shou ld apply on l i ne to the Un iver sit y of Oregon 
COM PA R ATIV E LITER AT U R E SE A RCH ht t ps://academ icjob sonline.
org/ajo/jobs/939. Submit letter of application, vita, dossier and 
a writing sample of no more than 25 pages by November 4, 2011. The 
University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. We invite applications from candidates who share 
our commitment to diversity. [R] 


Willamette U 

English, 900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant professor, long 18th Century literature 15108 

http://www.willamette.edu/cla/english/ 
The Willamette University English Department invites applications for 
an assistant professor, tenure-track, specializing in the long 18th centur y. 
Ideal candidates will have the Ph.D. and publications in their field, and 


will be prepared to teach both the rise of the novel and British Romanticism, 
as well as other department literature and writing courses. 
A typical teaching load would include two sections per year of a general 


education course taught in the specialty (e.g., ENGL 117W) or in the department’s 
foundations program (ENGL 201 and 202W ), t wo sections 
per year of 300 and 400 level courses for the major, and either a writing 
course (ENGL 135W, 137W, or 242W) or a first-year seminar (IDS 101). 


Applications should include a letter, CV, graduate transcript (informal), 
contact infor mation for three references, and a short essay (1000 words 
maximum) on your approaches to teaching and your expected contr ibutions 
to a depar tment that is committed to d iversit y and inclusiv it y. 
Apply on line at http://jobs.wil lamette.edu/postings/126. Review begins 
7 November 2011. We will interview at the MLA in Seattle, January 
2012. [R] 


pennsylvAniA 
Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 5000 Forbes Av Baker Hall 259 Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Assistant Teaching Professor of English and Dir. of Undergraduate 
Professional & Technical Writing 

http://www.cmu.edu/hss/english/ 
The Rhetoric Program in the Department of English at Carnegie Mellon 
University invites applications for a non-tenure track Assistant Teaching 
Professor of English and Director of Undergraduate Professional and 
Technical Wr iting beginning in Aug ust 2012. Assistant Teaching Professor 
appointments at Carnegie Mellon are facult y appointments with 
provision for un l im ited renewal and promotion to Associate Teaching 
Professor and Teaching Professor. Evaluation of teaching-track facult y 
is based upon excellence in educational leadership as evidenced through 
research in the pedagog y and/or practice of technical and professiona l 
communication, excellence in classroom teaching, leadership in curricular 
development, and overall contributions to the profession. Teaching 
load is 3–3 with an administrative reduction to 2–2 as Director of Undergraduate 
Professional and Technical Writing. Duties will include teaching 
undergraduate and g raduate professiona l and technica l communication 
courses, curriculum and program development, and program administra


tion, including training and oversight of PhD candidates teaching in the 
professional writing curriculum. 
The Department seeks a colleague whose education and research inter


ests focus on the intersection of rhetorical studies and professional communication. 
Special teaching and research areas of expertise may include 
but are not limited to one or more of the following: information design, 
multi-modal communication, social media, digital journalism, user-centered 
desig n methods, science and engineer ing communication, health 
communication, communication policy, public ethics, such as ethics in 
government, non-profits, and industry. Candidates whose teaching range 
also spans reg ularly taught courses in style, argument, or intercultural 
communication are desired. 


Qualifications:/ 
Ph.D. in hand by the time of appointment in Rhetoric, Linguistics, Communication 
Studies, or closely related field. The Department will prefer 
candidates with successful teaching experiences, research and publication 


records, and interdisciplinary skills appropriate to teaching and publishing 
in professional/technical writing. 
Appointment, Rank, and Salary: 
Nine-month, teaching-track position at the rank of assistant professor. 


Salary is competitive. 
Application Procedure: 
Send letter of application that includes a statement of career goals within 


the context of the position, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference 
to: 
Professor David S. Kaufer, Search Chair 
c/o Vickie McKay 
ATTN: Rhetoric/Professional Writing Position 
Department of English 
Baker Hall 259 
Pittsburgh, PA 15213 


Application Deadline: 
The deadline to insure full consideration is postmarked by November 1, 
2011. 


Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2011 until the position 


is filled. 
Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer. For further information about department and university, see: 
http://www.cmu.edu/hss/english/. 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Carnegie Mellon U 

Modern Lang uages, Baker Hall 160 Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Tenure Track Position in Second Language Acquisition 15237 

http://ml.hss.cmu.edu/ml/ 
The Department of Modern Languages invites applications for an open-
rank tenure track position in Second Language Acquisition beg inning 
in August 2012. Of par ticular interest are candidates whose research 
focuses on one or more of the following areas: cognitive dimensions of 
second language learning, language assessment, technolog y and second 
language acquisition, multilingual literacy development, contexts of second 
language learning. Successful candidates must have an earned Ph.D., 
strong evidence of research productivity, excellence in teaching, strong 
interest in graduate student mentoring and research supervision, potential 
for securing extramural funding, native or near-native proficiency in 
one or more of the languages offered in the Depar tment (A rabic, Chinese, 
French, German, Italian, Japanese, Russian, Spanish), and interest 
in teaching courses both in the graduate programs in SLA and in one of 

the language and cultural studies areas of the Department. Teaching load 
is 2+2. 
Applicants should send a letter of application (indicating, among other 

things, any professional conferences they plan to attend between November 
2011 and January 2012, (including the ACTFL meeting in Denver and 
the MLA meeting in Seattle), resume, statements of teaching, research, 
and curricular interests, and three (3) letters of recommendation (which 
may be included with the packet or sent directly by referees). Representative 
publications, not to be returned, may also be included. 

The materials should be sent to: Chair, SLA Search Committee, Department 
of Modern Languages, Baker Hall 160, Carnegie Mellon University, 
Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890; and should arrive not later than October 31, 
2011. Carnegie Mellon University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 

Eastern U 

English, 1300 Eagle Rd St Davids PA 19087 

Associate Professor of British Literature 15539 

http://www.eastern.edu 
The English Department of Easter n University invites applications for 
a full-time, tenure-track faculty appointment at the Associate Professor 
rank to beg in Aug ust 2012. Ph.D. required. Applicants should have an 
emphasis on British Literature from the Long Eighteenth and Nineteenth 
Centur ies, a competency and wi l lingness to teach generalist courses in 
addition to composition and possibly other courses in the writing program. 
The candidate must have exper ience or demonstrate an aptitude 

for administrative duties in order to assume chair responsibilities within 
two years. 
Duties include a 4–3 teaching load along with standard academic respon


sibilities after the first year, including student advising and comm ittee 
assignments. There is flexibility to negotiate courses in additional specialties. 
Salary is commensurate with experience. 

Candidates should be committed to excellence in undergraduate teach


ing, mentoring students, and scholarship. 
Eastern is a Chr istian universit y, and applicants should have a religious 
com mitment compatible with the Christian m ission of the universit y. 
(The university’s mission statement can be viewed at http://www.eastern.
edu/welcome/missionstatement.html). The university complies with 
federal and state guidelines of nondiscrimination in employment; women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Applicants are requested to submit a letter of application, curr iculum 
vitae, unofficial copies of graduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
and evidence of teaching ability. 

Please submit applications electronically to the following address: jobs@ 
eastern.edu. Please remember to include the job number (#4088) in the 
subject line. [R] 


Gettysburg C 

English, 300 N Washington St, Box 397 Gett ysburg PA 17325 

Assistant Professor of English Renaissance Literature 

http://www.gettysburg.edu/about/offices/president/hr/employm 
We invite applications for a tenure-track position in English Renaissance 
Literature at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin in August 2012. The 
successful candidate will have strong research interests in the period and 
a demonstrable ability to teach the full range of Renaissance literature, 
including Shakespeare. The 3/2 teaching load will include first-year writing 
seminars, broad intermediate-level courses, and more specialized upper-
level courses. An added strength would be the ability to teach critical 
theor y. The successful candidate will combine a vibrant research agenda 
with a commitment to thoughtful student advisement and excellent un


dergraduate teaching. Candidates must have PhD in hand by the time of 
appointment. 
Please send letter of application and curriculum vitae to Professor Suzanne 

Flynn, Chair, Department of English, Campus Box 397, Gettysburg College, 
Gett ysburg, PA 17325. Requests for dossiers and writing samples 
will be made after an initial review; interviews will be conducted at the 
MLA convention. Electronic applications will not be accepted. Application 
materials should be postmarked by October 31, 2011. 

Gettysburg College is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 
90 minutes of the Washington/Baltimore metropolitan area. Established 
in 1832, the College has a rich histor y and is situated on a 220-acre campus 
with an enrollment of over 2,600 students. Gettysburg College celebrates 
diversity and welcomes applications from members of any group 
that has been historically underrepresented in the Amer ican academy. 
The Col lege assures equa l employment oppor tunit y and prohibits discrimination 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, 
sexual orientation, age, and disability. 

La Salle U 

English, 1900 W Olney Av Philadelphia PA 19141 

Assistant Professor to teach writing and general education courses 15485 

http://www.lasalle.edu/schools/sas/english/ 
Beginning in Fall 2012, the English Department at La Salle seeks a tenure-
track assistant professor to teach writing, general education literature 
courses, and courses, as needed, in cultural studies and American literature. 
For this position, we specifically need someone who is a broad-based 
generalist able to teach college composition, advanced expository writing, 
professional or creative writing, introductor y literature courses, and the 


occasional course in American or cultural studies when we need back-up 
faculty in these fields. The standard teaching load is 4–4. 
At the time of application, candidates must have the Ph.D. (in English) in 


hand and at least one year of full-time teaching at the college or university 


level. 
Interested applicants should consult the department website for a ful ler 
descr iption of the job and its requirements (http://w w w.lasalle.edu/ 
schools/sas/english/). If they do indeed meet these requirements, they 
should send by a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, and a one-page statement 
of their teaching philosophy only by surface or air mail to: 


Kevin J. Harty, Ph.D. 
Professor and Chair 
Department of English 
La Salle University – Box 163 
1900 W. Olney Avenue 
Philadelphia, PA 19141-1199 
No electronic applications will be accepted. All applications must be re


ceived no later than October 28, 2011. 
La Salle University is a Roman Catholic university in the tradition of the 
De La Salle Chr istian Brothers and welcomes applicants from al l backgrounds 
who can contribute to our unique educational mission. For a 



complete mission statement, please visit our website at www lasalle.edu. 
A A/EOE [R] 


La Salle U 

English, 1900 W Olney Av Philadelphia PA 19141 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition Studies 15482 

http://www.lasalle.edu/schools/sas/english/ 
The Eng lish Department at La Sal le Universit y seeks to hire a tenure 
track assistant professor whose field of expertise is rhetoric and composition 
studies. The standard teaching load is 4–4. Candidates must have 
Ph.D. (in Rhetor ic or in English) in hand no later than Fal l 2012. It is 


also expected that they will have had previous college-or university-level 
teaching experience. 
The successful candidate will teach a variety of courses in writing, and 


may, in their second or third year of appointment, take over the direction 


of the university writing program. 
Interested applicants should consult the department website for a ful ler 
descr iption of the job and its requirements (http://w w w.lasalle.edu/ 
schools/sas/english/). If they do indeed meet these requirements, they 
should send by a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, and a one-page statement 
of their teaching philosophy only by surface or air mail to: 


Kevin J. Harty, Ph.D. 
Professor and Chair 
Department of English 
La Salle University – Box 163 
1900 W. Olney Avenue 
Philadelphia, PA 19141-1199 
No electronic applications will be accepted. All applications must be re


ceived no later than 
October 28, 2011. 
La Salle University is a Roman Catholic university in the tradition of the 


De La Salle Chr istian Brothers and welcomes applicants from al l backgrounds 
who can contribute to our unique educational mission. For a 
complete mission statement, please visit our website at www lasalle.edu. 
A A/EOE [R] 


Lebanon Valley C 

English, 101 College Av Humanities Bldg, 2nd Fl Annville PA 17003 

Assistant professor of English 15377 

http://lvc.edu 
Lebanon Va l ley Col lege invites applications for a tenure track position 
in the English department to begin fall 2012. A Ph.D. in English is required 
and evidence of teaching excellence at the college level and scholarly 
potential. The successful candidate will have strong research interests 
in American literature, and preference will be given to those with communications 
or creative writing experience. The 4/4 teaching load will 

include first-year writing courses, intermediate level literature, and more 
specialized upper level courses. 
Requirements and application information can be found on work@ lvc 

.edu. Application materials must be received by November 11, 2011, and 

interviews will be conducted at the MLA Annual convention. 
LVC is located in south central Pennsylvania. More information about the 
College can be found at www.lvc.edu and the depar tment at ww w.lvc 
.edu/english. 

Saint Joseph's U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of Communication Studies, Multimedia Writing 15515 

http://www.sju.edu/academics/cas/commstudies/ 
Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, the Communication Studies 
Program (with Department status in June 2012) invites applications for 
a tenure-track facult y position in Multimedia Writing to begin in August 
2012. The Communication Studies major program seeks a colleague 
whose teaching and research focus on multimedia writing with interests 
in video composing, digital rhetor ic, cultural rhetor ics, and/or ethics. 
The ideal candidate will work collaboratively with department colleagues 
to shape this new department. Within the department, the new colleague 
will carr y a 3/3 teaching load and contribute to the core courses: Com


munication Theor y and Practice, Ethics in Communications, and Digital 
Stor ytelling, as well as develop courses related to area of specialization. 
The ideal candidate will hold a Ph.D. (in hand by August 2012) in rheto


ric, writing, new media, communications, or a related field. We seek colleagues 
with a record of excellence in teaching and a promising research 
agenda. Possible areas of exper tise include: video, web, or audio-visual 
production and analysis; new media production with/in community and 
cultural groups; outreach and engagement involving new media technologies; 
multimedia composing in project-based courses; social networking 
and content management work related to the digital humanities. 

To be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online. Please 
log on to the Saint Joseph's University Human Resources website using 
the following link http://www.sju.edu/hr; click on Employment and follow 
the instructions. Applications should include: 1) a curriculum vitae, 
including the names of 3 references with complete contact information 
(address, phone, email) and 2) a letter outlining academic achievements 
(including dissertation), research plans, teaching philosophy, and information 
about any other relevant experience (including website or blog urls, 
if available). Please do not send hard copies of documents. Dossiers and 
writing samples w ill be requested after initial screening. A ll materials 
must be submitted by November 11, 2011. Interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA Convention and by phone or video-conferencing for NCA 
or AEJMC applicants in early January. Questions can be directed to Dr. 
Aimée Knight, Chair, Search Committee, Communication Studies Program 
(aknight@sju.edu). 

Saint Joseph's University is a private, Catholic, Jesuit institution and expects 
members of its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. Saint Joseph's University 
is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer that seeks to 
recruit, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. 

A A/EOE M/F/D/V [R] 


Saint Joseph's U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English, Rhetoric/Composition 15511 

http://www.sju.edu/cas/english 
Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, the Department of English 
at Saint Joseph’s University is currently recruiting for a tenure-track position, 
preferably at the advanced assistant or associate level, in rhetoric/ 
composition with a specialty in writing-across-the-curriculum, writing-
in the-disciplines, or both. The typical departmental load is 3/3, but the 
load will be 2/2 for a candidate qualified to coordinate writing-intensive 
courses throughout the university in the recently implemented General 
Education Prog ram. Teaching responsibilities may include courses in 
rhetoric and composition at both undergraduate and graduate levels and 
introductory composition and literature courses. English programs are offered 
on both day and evening schedules. A ll English facult y members 
advise majors. The English department, recently named an academic program 
of excellence by the university, offers a vigorous major with tracks 
in writing, literature, education, journalism, and theatre and a thriving 
master’s in Writing Studies. 


Applicants should have dedication to teaching and demonstrated potential 

for scholarly activity. Ph.D. in hand by August 2012. 
In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online. 
Please log on to the Saint Joseph’s Universit y Human Resource 
website using the fol lowing l ink http://ww w.sju.edu/hr; click on Employment 
and follow the instructions. Applications are to include (1) 
a curriculum vitae, including the names of 3 references with complete 
contact information (address, phone, and email) and (2) a letter outlining 
academic achievements (including dissertation), research plans, and teaching 
philosophy. Please do not send hard copies of documents. Dossiers 
and writing samples will be requested after initial screening. All materials 
must be submitted by November 11, 2011. We will be interviewing at the 
MLA Conference. The search chair is Dr. Ann Green, Department of English 
(agreen@sju.edu). 

Saint Joseph's University is a private, Catholic, Jesuit institution and expects 
members of its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. Saint Joseph's University 
is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer that seeks to 
recruit, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. 

A A/EOE M/F/D/V [R] 


Saint Joseph's U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of English, African American Literature 15512 

http://www.sju.edu/cas/english 
Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, the Department of English at 
Saint Joseph’s University is currently recruiting for a tenure-track position 
in African American literature. Complementar y fields of study may 
include critical race theor y or African diasporic studies. The departmental 
load is 3/3. Teaching responsibilities at the undergraduate level will include 
courses in African American literature, American literature surveys 
and special topics courses, and introductor y composition and literature 
courses; there may also be opportunities to teach in the graduate Writing 
Studies Program. Course offerings that contribute to SJU’s Africana 
Studies program would be welcome. Eng lish prog rams are of fered on 
both day and evening schedules. All English faculty members advise majors. 
The English department, recently named an academic program of 
excellence by the university, offers a vigorous major with tracks in writ


ing, literature, education, journalism, and theatre and a thriving master’s 
in Writing Studies. 
Applicants should have dedication to teaching and demonstrated potential 

for scholarly activity. Ph.D. in hand by August 2012. 
In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online. 
Please log on to the Saint Joseph's Universit y Human Resource 
website using the fol lowing l ink http://ww w.sju.edu/hr; click on Employment 
and follow the instructions. Applications are to include (1) 
a curriculum vitae, including the names of 3 references with complete 
contact information (address, phone, email) and (2) a letter outlining academic 
achievements (including dissertation), research plans, and teaching 
philosophy. Please do not send hard copies of documents. Dossiers and 
wr iting samples w ill be requested after initial screen ing. A ll materials 
must be submitted by November 11, 2011. We will be interviewing at the 

MLA Conference. The search chair is Dr. Jason Mezey, Department of 
English ( jmezey@sju.edu). 
Saint Joseph's University is a private, Catholic, Jesuit institution and ex


pects members of its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. Saint Joseph's University 
is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer that seeks to 
recruit, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. 

A A/EOE M/F/D/V [R] 


U of Pennsylvania 

English, 127 Fisher-Bennett Hall 3340 Walnut St Philadelphia PA 
19104 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.english.upenn.edu/ 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor in nineteenth-century British literature. The normal teaching 
load in our department is two courses per semester; salary and benefits 
will be competitive. Applications should be submitted online at facultysearches.
provost.upenn.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=50976. They 
should include a letter of application, CV, writing sample (25 pages), and 
contact information for individuals who have agreed to provide a letter 


of recommendation. Candidates are encouraged to apply by October 28, 
2011. 
The University of Pennsylvania is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 


employer. 


Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor, American Literature and Culture before 1900, including 
the Colonial period 15536 

http://www1.villanova.edu/villanova/artsci/english.html 
Tenure-track assistant professorship beginning Fall 2012 in American Literature 
and Culture before 1900, including the Colonial per iod. Ph.D. 
required but candidates close to completion of degree may be considered. 
To apply for the position, please go to https://jobs.villanova.edu/. 
Some elements of the application, including its initial steps, must be done 
electronically. The deadline for applications is Nov. 9, 2011; interviews 
at MLA Convention. In case of questions, contact Prof. Evan Radcliffe, 
Chair, English Dept., Vil lanova Universit y, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villa-
nova, PA 19085-1699, or evan.radcliffe@villanova.edu. Villanova University 
is a Catholic university sponsored by the Augustinian order. An 
AA/EEO employer, Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed to scholarship, 
service, and especially teaching, who understand, respect, and can 
contribute to the University’s mission and values. [R] 


Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor, Medieval British/Irish Literature and Culture 15454 

http://www1.villanova.edu/villanova/artsci/english.html 
Tenure-track assistant professorship beg inning Fall 2012 in Medieval 
British/Irish Literature and Culture. Ph.D. required but candidates close 
to completion of degree may be considered. To apply for the position, 
please go to https://jobs.villanova.edu/. Some elements of the application, 
including its initial steps, must be done electronically. The deadline for 
applications is Nov. 9, 2011; interviews at MLA Convention. In case of 
questions, contact Prof. Evan Radcliffe, Chair, English Dept., Villanova 
University, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villanova, PA 19085-1699, or evan.radcliffe@
villanova.edu. Villanova University is a Catholic university sponsored 
by the Augustinian order. An AA/EEO employer, Villanova seeks a 
diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service, and especially teaching, 
who understand, respect, and can contribute to the University’s mission 
and values. [R] 



rhode islAnd rhode islAnd 
Brown U 

English, 70 Brown St Box 1852 Providence RI 02912 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English and American Studies 15453 

http://www.brown.edu 
African American Literature. Assistant professor, tenure track, or associate 
professor with tenure, departments of English and American Studies. 
Candidates should demonstrate excel lence in scholarship and teaching, 
w ith interests in any area of African Amer ican literature. For assistant 
professor, please send letter of application, dossier (c.v. and three letters 
of recom mendation), and dissertation abstract or selected publications; 
Ph.D. complete by June 2012. Candidates for associate professor should 
hold the Ph.D. and demonstrate at least five years of successful teaching 
and a substantial record of publication, including publication of a book; 
please send letter of application, c.v., and the names of five referees whom 
the department may contact directly. Address applications to Professor 
Rolland Murray, Chair, African American Search Committee, English 
Department, Box 1852, 70 Brown Street, Brown University, Providence, 
RI 02912. Applications will be reviewed beginning November 1, 2011. 
Brown is an EEO/A A employer. Minorities and women are encouraged 
to apply. 

south CArolinA 
Coastal Carolina U 

English, PO Box 261954 Conway SC 29528 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing) 15306 

http://www.coastal.edu 
Assistant Professor of English 
(Creative Writing specialization) 
The Department of English at Coastal Carolina University invites appli


cations for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English to join 
our growing creative writing program. The department seeks an experienced 
instructor with a creative writing background to teach courses in 
his or her specialty (poetry, fiction, or creative nonfiction), introductor y 
creative writing, first-year composition, and graduate-level classes in the 

M.A. in Writing program. The new hire will also have the opportunity 
to work on Waccamaw, the department's award-winning literar y journal. 
Competitive candidates will have an M.F.A. or Ph.D. in creative writing, 
as well as training and teaching experience in creative writing, literature, 
and first-year composition. The successful candidate will have significant 
publications in literar y journals and/or at least one published book. Candidates 
with publications and/or training in multiple genres are preferred. 
Additional secondar y specialties desired include: women's and gender 
studies, literary journal editing, world literatures, and screenwriting/film 
studies. 

Coastal Carolina University is a public mid-sized, comprehensive liberal 
arts-oriented institution. Coastal Carolina University is located in Con-
way, South Carolina, just nine miles from the Atlantic coastal resort Myrtle 
Beach, one of the fastest-growing metropolitan areas in the nation. It 
has an enrollment of 8,900 students and is expected to have continued 
growth for the next several years. Coastal Carolina University is a part of 
the South Carolina system of public education and has close ties with its 
founders, the Horry County Higher Education Commission. 

Candidates should submit electronically a letter of application (outlining 
interest in the position, qualifications, and approach to teaching), a current 
CV, transcripts of all undergraduate and graduate work (copies acceptable 
at this time), and three letters of recommendation at http://jobs 
.coastal.edu. To ensure full consideration, application materials must be 
received by December 15, 2011. 

Coastal Carolina University is building a culturally diverse faculty and 
strongly encourages applications from women and minority candidates. 
CCU is an EO/A A employer. 

U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Assistant Professor in Poetry 

http://www.cas.sc.edu/engl/ 
The Department of English Language & Literature at the University of 
South Carolina (http://www.cas.sc.edu/engl/) invites applications for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professorship in poetr y. We seek a talented poet 
with a significant publication record who will be an active participant in 
our MFA program. Requirements include an MFA or PhD in creative 
writing in hand, at least one book (published or under contract), and the 
demonstrated ability to teach poetry at the undergraduate and graduate 
levels. The successful candidate can expect to teach two courses per se


mester and assist in the operation of the MFA program, including serving 
on thesis committees. 
To apply, send cv, letter of interest, poetry sample, and at least three con


fidential letters of recommendation (which may be sent separately either 
electronically through a certified dossier service or in hard copy) to: 
William E. Rivers, Chair 
Department of English 
University of South Carolina 


Columbia, SC 29208. 
For full consideration, application materials must be received no later than 
November 1, 2011. 


The University of South Carolina is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation 
for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution of "very high research 
activity;" it supports over 27,000 students with 350 degree programs and 
a nationally-ranked library system. Located in the state capital, Columbia 
(conveniently close to both the mountains and the coast), the university is 
often considered to be one of the most beautiful campuses in an urban setting. 
With a population of over 650,000 in the greater metropolitan area, 
Columbia is a dynamic city in the midst of major renewal projects, many 
driven by joint ventures between the community and the university. 


The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 
employer. Minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. 
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
or veteran status. [R] 


U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Professor of Victorian Literature and Science 

http://www.cas.sc.edu/engl/ 
The Department of English Language & Literature of the University of 
South Carolina (http://www.cas.sc.edu/engl/) invites applications for a 
tenured full Professor position in Victorian Literature and Science. Applicants 
should have a clear and strong record of scholarly achievement, a 
commitment to teaching excellence at both the undergraduate and gradu


ate levels, and a distinguished record of service to their institutions and 
the profession. 
This position is supported through a university hiring initiative and rec


ognizes the Department of English’s commitment to excellence through 
interdisciplinar y scholarship. We welcome applications from candidates 
working in any area of Victorian literature and science. Scholars in this 
field who are now advanced Associates are encouraged to apply. 

Applicants should send cv, letter of interest, and contact information for at 
least three people familiar with the candidates work and willing to provide 
a letter of reference to: 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


William E. Rivers, Chair 
Department of English, 
University of South Carolina 
Columbia, SC 29208. 
For full consideration, application materials must be received no later than 

November 11, 2011. 
The University of South Carolina is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation 
for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution of "ver y high research 
activity;" it supports over 27,000 students with 350 degree programs and 
a nationally-ranked librar y system with exceptionally strong holdings in 
nineteenth-century British and American literature and science. Located 
in the state capital, Columbia (conveniently close to both the mountains 
and the coast), the universit y is often considered to be one of the 
most beautiful campuses in an urban setting. With a population of over 
650,000 in the greater metropolitan area, Columbia is a dynamic city in 

the midst of major renewal projects, many driven by joint ventures between 
the community and the university. 
The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/equal opportu


nity employer. Minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. 
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
or veteran status. [R] 


U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century Literature 15438 

http://www.cas.sc.edu/engl/ 
The Department of English Language & Literature at the University of 
South Carolina (http://w w w.cas.sc.edu/engl/) invites applications for 
a tenure-track, Assistant Professorship in eighteenth-centur y literature 
(1660 through 1790). We are especially interested in candidates whose 
research and training includes strong expertise in digital humanities and 

whose work considers the implications of an expanded database and the 
remediation of printed texts in light of the electronic and the digital. 
To apply, please send cv, letter of interest, wr iting sample, and at least 

three confidentia l letters of recommendation (which may be sent separately 
either electronically through a certified dossier service or in hard 
copy) to: 

William E. Rivers, Chair 
Department of English 
University of South Carolina 
Columbia, SC 29208. 
For full consideration, application materials must be received no later than 

November 1, 2011. 
The University of South Carolina is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation 
for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution of "ver y high research 
activity;" it supports over 27,000 students with 350 degree programs and 
a nationally-ranked librar y system. Located in the state capital, Columbia 
(conveniently close to both the mountains and the coast), the university is 
often considered to be one of the most beautiful campuses in an urban setting. 
With a population of over 650,000 in the greater metropolitan area, 

Columbia is a dynamic city in the midst of major renewal projects, many 
driven by joint ventures between the community and the university. 
The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/equal opportu


nity employer. Minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. 
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
or veteran status. [R] 


south dAkotA 
Augustana C 

English/Journalism, 29th & Summit Sioux Falls SD 57197 

Assistant Professor/Writing Center Director 

http://www.augie.edu/jobs 
Augustana College is currently seeking to fill the position of tenure-track 

assistant professor/Writing Center directorship for a composition specialist 
with a Ph.D. in rhetoric/composition or its equivalent. 
Responsibilities include teaching classes in introductor y and advanced 

composition (2/2 load) and a required seminar-level course in grammars, 
administer ing the Writing Center and its tutor program, and taking a 
leadership role in current and future campus initiatives to improve written 
communication skills. Experience with ELL necessary. 

Ph.D. needs to be in hand by Aug ust 2012. In add ition, the successfu l 
applicant will demonstrate commitment to excellence in teaching, professional 
scholarly activity, and the mission of a private, liberal arts, church-
related college. 

Salar y is competitive, dependent upon qualifications, and includes excel


lent fringe benefits. 
APPLICATION PROCEDUR E: Review of applications will begin immediately 
and close on November 11, 2011. Please apply electronically 
to humanresources@augie.edu. Your application materials must include 
a cover letter, CV, three recent letters of recommendation, statement of 
teaching philosophy, research interests and administrative experience. 
The department chair is Dr. Patrick Hicks. 

Augustana College is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action/
Title IX Employer. Women and Minorities are encouraged to apply. 
Applicants must comply with the Immigration Reform and Control Act 
and are required to submit official transcripts upon employment. [R] 


Northern SU 

Langs, Lit & Speech Communication, 1200 S Jay St Aberdeen SD 
57401 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://https://yourfuture.sdbor.edu 

Northern State University is accepting applications for a full-time, tenure-
track Assistant Professor of English. 
Qualif ications: Ph.D. in English from an accredited institution is re


quired. ABD with a definite completion date will be considered. Specialization 
in medieval literature and able to teach the history of the English 
language. Must have strong communication skills and demonstrated competence 
in teaching. Exper ience teaching beginning Latin and/or secondar 
y education preferred. Expertise incorporating technolog y in their 
teaching highly desired. 

Responsibilities: Teach twelve hours per semester including freshman 
composition. Academic advising, strong campus presence, and work supporting 
student internships. Research and scholarly activity are also expected. 
Committee work and service in support of institutional priorities, 
like student recruitment and retention are important and required. Applicants 
should have a strong commitment to undergraduate education. For 
more information about Northern State University go to www.northern 
.edu. 

Application: Review of applications may begin as early as December 2011 
and continue until the position is fi lled. Aug ust 2012 is the anticipated 
start date. Applications should include a letter of application addressing 
qualifications, resume, copies of col lege transcripts, and the names 
and contact information of at least three references. For more information 
regarding this position, and to apply, visit: https://yourfuture.sdbor 
.edu. Click on Nor thern State Universit y in the Quick Search section. 
The system will guide you through the electronic application form. AA/ 
EOE [R] 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



South Dakota SU 

English, Scobey Hall, Box 504 Brook ings SD 57007 

Assistant Professor of English 15322 

http://www.sdstate.edu/ 
The English Department at South Dakota State University is accepting 
applications for a full-time, tenure-track assistant professor of English to 
teach courses in 20th Centur y British Literature (Modern and Contemporary). 
Minimum qualifications are a Ph.D. in English with an emphasis 
in 20th Centur y British Literature in hand by August 15th, 2012 as well 
as effective written and oral communication skills and effective interpersonal 
skills. Must demonstrate the following: Ability to teach courses in 
20th Centur y British Literature; ability to teach courses in composition 
or technica l communication; potential in scholarship and publication; 
willingness to develop and teach distance education courses; and interest 
in developing community outreach and/or Service Learning programs. 
Exper ience or training in one or more of the fol lowing areas desired: 
Postcolonial Studies; Ethnic Studies; or Juvenile Literature. Tenure-track 
assignment includes: 3–3 teaching load with expectations in scholarship, 
advising, and both departmental and universit y ser vice. Sa lar y is commensurate 
with qualif ications. Application deadline: November 15th, 
2011. For more information, contact Dr. Julie Barst (-605-688-4057) 
or julie.barst@sdstate.edu. To apply, visit https://YourFuture.sdbor.edu, 
search by the position, and follow the electronic employment process. 
Paper and e-mail applications will not be accepted. Applicants will submit 
a letter of application, a CV, and the names/contact information of 
three references. For questions on the electronic employment process, 
contact SDSU Human Resources at (605) 688-4128. SDSU is an A A/ 
EEO employer. We encourage women and members of minority groups 
to apply. [R] 


tennessee 
U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower K noxville TN 37996 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor, Rhetoric/Composition. 15580 

http://www.utk.edu 
The University of Tennessee, Knoxville seeks a Rhetoric/Composition 
scholar to join its graduate and undergraduate programs and help administer 
its first-year writing program. Position requires PhD in Rhet/ 
Comp or related field, record of teaching excel lence, and an active research 
agenda, with publications appropriate to the rank. Experience directing 
or helping direct a university writing program is desirable. UTK 
features the BA, MA, and PhD in English with an emphasis in Rhetoric, 
Writing, and Linguistics. Our first-year writing program is administered 
on a rotating basis, with limited terms for those taking on this responsibility. 
Salar y and teaching loads are competitive, and a generous department 
endowment provides ample support for research and travel. We are 
a “Doctoral/Research Extensive” institution and the flagship university 
in our state system. Applications should include: cover letter, vita, abstract 
of current research project, representative writing sample, and a dossier 
or three letters of recommendation and graduate transcript. Send applications 
to Mist y A nderson, Associate Head, Department of English, 
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. The University of 
Tennessee is an EEO/A A/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/A DA/A DEA 
institution in the provision of its education and employment programs 
and services. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for 
employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical 
or mental disability, or covered veteran status. 

U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower K noxville TN 37996 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Second Language Writing in English. 15577 

http://www.utk.edu 
The Universit y of Tennessee, Knox ville, is seek ing applications for a 
tenure-track position as Assistant or Associate Professor of English, with 
specia lization in L2 wr iting in English. The successful candidate wil l 
teach in areas such as language acquisition and other domains related to 
TESL. In addition, he or she will play a significant role in course and program 
development and administration. Position requires PhD in Rhetoric/
Composition with L2 writing specialization/concentration, Applied 
Linguistics, or related field, experience or strong interest in directing a 
writing program for multilingual students, a record of teaching excellence, 
and publications appropriate to the rank. Duties include active participation 
in graduate and undergraduate programs, both in the English 
Department and in conjunction with relevant L2 faculty in other departments, 
plus significant research and publication. UTK features the BA, 
M A, and Ph D in English with an emphasis in R hetor ic, Writing, and 
Linguistics. Salar y and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment 
provides ample support for research and travel. UTK, a "Doctoral/ 
Research Extensive" institution, is the flagship university in the state system. 
Applications due by November 1, but the search will remain open 
until the position is filled. Send letter of application and dossier (including 
detailed description of current project(s), a statement of philosophy 
of teaching and a descr iption of interest and/or exper ience in program 
administration, and vita) to Misty Anderson, Associate Head, Department 
of English, Universit y of Tennessee, K nox vil le, TN 37996-0430. The 
University of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ 
ADA/ADEA institution in the provision of its education and employment 
programs and services. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration 
for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, 
sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran status. 

U of Tennessee, Martin 

English & Mod For Langs, 131 Humanities Bldg 209 Hurt St Martin 
TN 38238 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Technical Communication 15390 

http://www.utm.edu 
Tenure -t rack A ssistant Professor posit ion in Techn ica l Com mu n ication 
(12 hour load). PhD in Technical Communication or in English / 
Rhetoric and Composition with focus in Technical Communication required 
by 1 August 2012. A successful candidate will demonstrate a commitment 
to teaching composition, ability in specialty area, and ability to 
incorporate new media and other appropr iate technologies with wr iting 
classroom practice. Expertise in writing theor y or pedagogy beyond 
technical communication is desirable. UT Martin has the traditional tenure 
requirements in teaching, research, and service, with primar y focus 
on quality teaching. Send letter of application and current vita to David 
Carithers, Technical Communication Search Chair, Department of En-
g l ish & Moder n Foreig n Lang uages, The Un iver sit y of Ten nessee at 
Martin, 131 Humanities Building, 209 Hurt St., Martin, TN 38238. A 
standard background check report will be conducted before a candidate 
is hired as defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The University of 
Tennessee is an EEO/A A/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/A DA/A DEA 
institution in the provision of its education and employment programs 
and services. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for 
employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical 
or mental disability, or covered veteran status. [R] 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


texAs texAs 
Baylor U 

English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 15358 

http://www.baylor.edu/ 
Baylor U 
English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco Tx 76798 
Creative Writing, tenure-track assistant professor to begin Fall 2012. The 

Department of English seeks a dynamic creative writer to teach both undergraduate 
and graduate courses. Primary expertise should be in fiction 
writing, the novel and/or short stor y, but the successful candidate should 
also be prepared to teach courses in American Literature. The candidate 
should be a published creative writer, as well as a scholar-teacher, with the 
Ph.D. in hand at the start of the appointment. This position offers both a 
competitive salary and generous research support. 

Applications will be reviewed beginning 1 October 2011 and will be accepted 
until the position is filled. To ensure full consideration for MLA 
interviews, applications should be completed by 1 November 2011. A letter 
of application, a c.v., transcr ipts, and at least three letters of recommendation 
should be sent to Dr. Dianna Vitanza; Chair, Department of 
English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 767987404. 
After an initial review of applications, a portfolio of writing samples 
will be requested of applicants being considered for MLA interviews. 

Baylor, the world’s largest Baptist university, holds a Carnegie classification 
as a “high-research” institution. Baylor’s mission is to educate men 
and women for worldwide leadership and service by integrating academic 
excellence and Christian commitment within a caring community. Bay-
lor is actively recr uiting new facult y with a strong comm itment to the 
classroom and an equally strong commitment to discovering new knowledge 
as Baylor aspires to become a top tier research university while reaffirming 
and deepening its distinctive Christian mission as described in 
Baylor 2012 (http://www.baylor.edu/vision/). 

Baylor is a Baptist university affi liated with the Baptist General Convention 
of Texas. As an A A/EEO employer, Baylor encourages minorities, 
women, veterans, & persons with disabilities to apply. [R] 


R ice U 

English, 6100 Main St, MS 30 Houston TX 77005 

Associate or Full Professor of 19th Century British Literature 15291 

http://english.rice.edu 
Associate or Full Professor, specializing in Nineteenth-Century British 
Literature with research and teaching interests in the global nineteenth 
century. Send letter of application, name of three references, and sample 
of recent unpublished work to Helena Michie, Chair, Search Committee, 
Dept of English, Rice University MS 30, 6100 Main St. Houston, TX. 
77005. Review of applications begins November 1. (Teaching load is 2/2, 
in addition to research and service. Doctorate required at time of appointment. 
) Rice is an AA/EO employer. 

Saint Edward's U 

English Lit, 3001 S Congress Av Austin TX 78704 

Assistant professor of Early Modern literature (secondary area, medieval) 

http://www.stedwards.edu/careers/faculty-openings/jobs 
St. Edward's University 
School of Humanities, English 
3001 S. Congress Ave. 
Austin, TX 78704-6489 
Assistant Professor Early Modern literature, some medieval 

PhD in English with specialization in Early Modern period. Preference 
will be given to candidates with secondar y expertise in medieval literature. 
The position is tenure-track and begins fall 2012. 


Teaching responsibilities: 4 courses (12 hours) per semester, both introductor 
y and advanced, in specia lt y areas and in the general education 
core. 


Other responsibilities: formal academic advising of English majors, professional 
development in teaching and scholarship, committee assig nments, 
participation in departmental and University projects and events. 


Interviews at MLA in San Francisco. 
Review of applications begins mid-September. Send cover letter, vita, 
writing samples (published work where possible), three current letters of 


reference, and transcript to English Literature Search Committee (address 
above). 
St. Edward's is a private, liberal arts university and an equal opportunity 


employer hiring only U.S. citizens and documented workers. [R] 


Saint Edward's U 

Writing & R hetoric, 3001 S Congress Av Austin TX 78704 

Assistant Professor of English Writing and Rhetoric 

http://think.stedwards.edu 
St. Edward ’s Universit y (Austin, TX) invites applications for t wo ful l-
time, tenure-track assistant professor positions in English Wr iting and 
Rhetoric to begin August 2012. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Rhetor 
ic/Composition or a related f ield, demonstrated teaching experience, 
and fam iliar it y w ith contemporar y research in the areas of professional 
communication and/or new media. Candidates should also have expertise 
in at least one of the following areas: rhetorical theory, writing program 
administration, document design, magazine writing, or writing for PR 

and advertising. Teaching load is eight courses/year with research release 
opportunities and summer research awards available. 
Application deadline is November 1, 2011. Send cover letter, vita, three 

current letters of reference, and transcript to English Wr iting Search 
Committee; School of Humanities; C/M 1033; 3001 S. Congress Avenue; 
Austin, TX 78704-6489. EEO. For more information, see http://think 
.stedwards.edu/hr/job/j11201-assistant-professor-english-writing-andrhetoric 
. [R] 


Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 University Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Associate or Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 

http://www.shsu.edu/~eng_www/ 
The Department of English at Sam Houston State University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of associate or assistant 
professor with a primar y emphasis in creative writing—poetr y. A secondar 
y emphasis in creative nonfiction is preferred. An MFA is required. 
Sam Houston State Universit y wil l beg in its new 48-credit-hour MFA 
program in creative wr iting, literar y publishing, and editing in the fall 
of 2012, and the new hire will play a significant role in the development 
of the program. The successful candidate will have significant publications 
and at least one book in pr int with a reputable press as wel l as a 
strong comm itment to teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate 
level. The appointment will be made at a salary commensurate with 
the individua l ’s record and includes a 3 –3 teaching load with expectations 
in scholarship, advising, and both departmental and university service. 
SHSU, located an hour north of Houston and in the beautiful Piney 
Woods, is home to Texas Review Press and Texas Review. For full consideration, 
please send a cover letter, c.v., and three letters of reference to 
Dr. Helena Halmari, Chair, Department of English, Sam Houston State 
University, Box 2146, Huntsville, TX 77341. Applicants being considered 
will be asked to provide additional information and materials. Review of 
applications will begin November 15, 2011, and continue until the position 
is fi lled. Preliminar y interviews will be conducted at MLA. Sam 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



Houston State University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Plan Employer and Smoke/Drug-Free Workplace. 

Texas SU, San Marcos 

English, 601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor English, Technical Communication 15162 

http://www.english.txstate.edu/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor, specialt y in Technical Communication. 
Successful candidate will teach undergraduate and graduate courses 
in technical communication and other areas of wr iting. Duties include 
participation in an established and growing M A program in technica l 
communication, taught in hybrid form (partly in-person, partly online). 
Candidate expected to pursue a research agenda leading to peer-reviewed 

publ ication. Ordinar y teaching load is 3/3. Appointment begins Fal l 
2012. 
Required qualif ications: PhD in Eng lish, Technical Communication 

or closely related f ield with deg ree completed at time of appointment, 
demonstrated ability in scholarly research, demonstrated ability to teach 
underg raduate courses in technical/professional communication, and 
exper tise sufficient to teach graduate courses in core areas of technical 
communication and in candidate’s area(s) of sub-specialization. Preferred 
qualifications: ability to teach outside the immediate area of specialization 
in such areas as language and rhetoric/composition; ability to teach online 
and hybrid courses. 

Send letter of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy 
(maximum 500 words), and names of three references to Professor Allan 
Chavkin, Chair, Technical Com munication Search Comm ittee, Department 
of English, Texas State University, 601 University Drive, San 
Marcos, TX 78666. Please specify in the first sentence of your application 
letter that you are applying for the position in Technical Communication; 
submit a separate application if also applying for our position in Rhetoric 
and Composition. To ensure full consideration, all application materials 
must arrive by November 7, 2011. Selected applicants will be contacted 
for interviews at MLA or elsewhere. [R] 


Texas SU, San Marcos 

English, 601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor English, Rhetoric and Composition 15160 

http://www.english.txstate.edu/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor, specialty in Rhetoric and Composition. 
Successful candidate will develop and teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses in rhetoric, composition, and writing. Duties include participation 
in growing MA program in rhetoric and composition and new undergraduate 
emphasis in wr iting and rhetoric. Candidate expected to 

pursue a research agenda leading to peer-reviewed publication. Ordinary 
teaching load is 3/3. Appointment begins Fall 2012. 
Required qualifications: PhD in R hetoric and Composition or related 

field with degree completed at time of appointment, demonstrated ability 
in scholarly research, demonstrated ability to teach undergraduate rhetoric 
and writing courses, and expertise sufficient to teach graduate courses 
in area(s) of specialization. Preferred qualifications: expertise in one or 
more the following areas: multimedia writing curricula and instruction, 
contemporar y rhetorical theor y, ethnic rhetorics, alternative rhetorics, 
community literacy studies; ability to teach outside the immediate area 
of specialization in such areas as language and technical communication. 

Send letter of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy 
(maximum 500 words), and names of three references to Professor Allan 
Chavk in, Chair, Rhetor ic and Composition Search Com m ittee, Department 
of English, Texas State University, 601 University Drive, San 
Marcos, TX 78666. Please specify in the first sentence of your application 
letter that you are applying for the position in Rhetoric and Composition; 
submit a separate application if also applying for our position in Technical 
Communication. To ensure full consideration, all application materials 

must arrive by November 7, 2011. Selected applicants will be contacted 
for interviews at MLA or elsewhere. [R] 


Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Chair, Department of English 

http://www.english.ttu.edu 
The Department of English at Texas Tech University invites applications 
for the position of chairperson to begin July 15, 2012. Applicants should 
have academic credentials commensurate with appointment to the rank of 
tenured full professor and must have strong administrative, research, and 
teaching records. We are looking for a judicious scholar-administrator of 
national or international reputation who can contribute to one or more of 
the department’s core areas of research and teaching, work cooperatively 
with faculty and students of diverse disciplines, and demonstrate experience 
with managing budgets, supervising instructors and staff, and assessing 
academic programs. This individual will guide the administration of 
programs in composition and rhetoric, creative writing, fi lm, linguistics, 
literary studies, and technical communication. The successful candidate 
must be able to provide leadership in realizing the depar tment’s strate


gic vision, promoting the humanities, addressing the challenges of public 
higher education, and cultivating civic engagement. 
It is expected that the chair, like all new faculty, will be engaged in schol


arship or creative activity that attracts outside funding in the form of fel


lowships, grants, exhibits, and similar kinds of support. 
The Department of English is large (52 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with B.A., M.A., and 
Ph.D. degrees in English and B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. degrees in Technical 
Communication. We lead the university in online education. The department 
also cooperates in interdepartmental programs in linguistics and 
comparative literature at both the undergraduate and the graduate levels. 
The department supports three scholarly journals (Conradiana, The 
Eighteenth Centur y: Theor y and Interpretation, and Technical Communication 
Quarterly), and three literar y journals (32 Poems, Harbinger, and 
Iron Horse Literary Review) as well as the Digital Humanities Lab, the 
LetterPress Lab, the Multiple Literacies Lab, and the Usability Research 
Lab. We have hosted several national conferences and will host the Western 
American Literature Conference in November 2012. 

Texas Tech University is a growing state-supported institution, with a law 
school and medical school as well as colleges of Arts and Sciences, Agriculture, 
Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, Human 
Sciences, Mass Communications, and Visual and Performing Arts. The 
College of Ar ts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment of 
31,000. 

Candidates must apply online at jobs.texastech.edu, attaching a letter of 
application and curriculum vitae. Letters of recommendation will be solicited 
later from exceptionally qualified candidates. Please direct inquiries 
to John Zak, Associate Dean of Arts & Sciences, at john.zak@ttu.edu. 

TTU is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, and it encourages 
applications from minorities and women. [R] 


U of Houston, Victoria 

Arts & Sciences, 3007 N Ben Wilson Victoria TX 77901 

Chair of the Humanities Division 

http://www.uhv.edu 
The Un iver sit y of Houston-Victor ia ( UH V ) i nv ites appl icat ion s and 

nominations for the position of Chair of the Humanities Division of the 
School of Arts and Sciences. 
The Division of Humanities offers bachelor's programs in BAAS, com


munication, English, and histor y, and has robust master's prog rams in 
publishing and interdisciplinar y studies. It also anticipates launching 
bachelor's programs in Spanish and communication design no later than 
the fall of 2012. In addition, the division is seeking to enrich its programmatic 
offerings in other areas as well. The humanities division has over 


1,400 majors, t went y full-time facult y, and is home to the Societ y for 
Critical Exchange, Fiction Collective Two, Centro Victoria, and two internationally 
distributed journals: American Book Review (http://americanbookreview.
org) and symploke (www.symploke.org). 


UHV is a four-year universit y and g raduate institution of nearly 4,300 
students and is one of four institutions of the University of Houston System. 
The Humanities Division Chair ser ves students on campuses in Victor 
ia, Sugar Land, and Kat y, Texas as wel l as online. The chair plays a 
leading role in defining the future of both our Humanities division and 
the rapidly growing School of Arts and Sciences. 


Division chairs are full time (10 1/2 month), tenure-track faculty positions 
that report to the Dean of the School of Ar ts and Sciences. Rank 
and salary are dependent upon experience, and the successful candidate 
should be eligible for tenure decision within three years of the initial appointment. 
Division chairs are given some release time from regular classroom 
teaching to allow them time to manage their division and an annual 
stipend. The division chair is responsible for the overall supervision of the 
division, which includes: design, development, implementation and assessment 
of curriculum and programs; mentoring and evaluation of division 
faculty; running division meetings; planning and budgeting with the 
dean and the other division chairs. 


The successful candidate will have the experience, leadership skills, and 
motivation to lead this division in its efforts to enhance its curriculum, 
increase student enrollment and retention, and improve research and programmatic 
funding support. 


Required qua lifications: an earned doctorate in humanities or in a humanities-
related field; a distinguished record of teaching, research, and 
service; demonstrated planning and organizational skills; experience in 
mentoring junior faculty; commitment to shared governance and diversity; 
effective communication and leadership skills; and ability to develop 
and deliver innovative programs. 


Preferred Qualifications: Interdisciplinary studies background; familiarity 
with fundraising and grants including funded research; experience with 
distance education, technology and online teaching; familiarity with editing 
and university/small press publishing; ability to effectively represent 
the Humanities Division with internal and external groups. 


APPLICATION PROCESS: Position available July 1, 2012 


Applicants should submit a letter of application, current curriculum vitae, 
faculty application, and a list of five references with contact information. 
http://uhv.simplehire.com 
Send letter of nomination to: 
Laura L. Smith 
Human Resources Office 
University of Houston-Victoria 
3007 N. Ben Wilson 
Victoria, TX 77901 
hr@uhv.edu 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 


the position is filled. 
The University of Houston-Victoria is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 
employer committed to cultural diversity. [R] 


U of Houston, Victoria 

Arts & Sciences, 3007 N Ben Wilson Victoria TX 77901 

Lecturer in English 15266 

http://www.uhv.edu 

The University of Houston-Victoria invites applications for the position 
of Lecturer in English in the School of Arts and Sciences. 
The position requires teaching core composition classes though there may 

be opportunity to teach some upper-division and graduate classes in En


glish and courses in our MS in Publishing program. 
The School of Arts and Sciences is home to the Society for Critical Exchange, 
Cuneiform Press, Centro Victoria, and two internationally dis


tributed journals: American Book Review (http://americanbookreview 


.org) and symploke (www.symploke.org). 
Required qualifications: An English doctorate and demonstrated excellence 
in teaching. 


The appointment is a nine month position. Opportunities for summer 
teaching are available. The successful candidate will begin employment in 
spring 2012. The position will be based in Victoria. 


Candidates should submit the following online at http://uhv.simplehire 


.com.: 
1)a cover letter relating the applicant's expertise to the qualifications listed 
above; 


2)a current curriculum vitae; 
3)a list of three current recommendations from people who are in a posi


tion to know the applicant's expertise, with at least one addressing teaching 
effectiveness; 
4)any evidence of effective teaching, if available; 
5)copies of all college transcripts. (Official transcripts will be required of 


all finalists.) 


Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. 
The University of Houston-Victoria is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 


Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of North Texas 

English, 1155 Union Cir, #311307 Denton TX 76203 

Tenure-system professorship in Romantic-period British literature, open rank 
15492 

http://english.unt.edu 
Tenure-system professorship in Romantic-period British literature and 
culture, open rank, beginning August 2012. Required qualifications include 
a Ph.D. in English with a specialization in the Romantic per iod; 
relevant teaching experience; and an active program of scholarly research. 
Rank will be determined by a thorough review of the selected candidate’s 
education, experience, scholarly and professional involvement, and service. 
Anticipated teaching load is 2/2, with regular opportunities to teach 
upper-division and/or graduate courses. We of fer a competitive sa lar y 
and considerable research/travel support. Please apply online at https:// 
facultyjobs.unt.edu; include a cover letter, curriculum vita, and a writing 
sample of no more than 25 pages; please also send 3 letters of reference 
to Prof. David Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, University 
of North Texas, 1155 Union Circle #311307, Denton, TX, 76203-5017. 
Review of applications will begin 11/1/11 and continue until the search 
is closed. A dynamic, rapidly growing institution that is now the fourth 
largest university in Texas, UNT values diversity and is located in the culturally 
and economically vibrant Dallas/Fort Worth area. The University 
of North Texas is an A A/ADA/EOE. [R] 


U of North Texas 

English, 1155 Union Cir, #311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant professor of British Victorian literature 

http://english.unt.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professorship in British Victorian literature and 
culture, beginning August 2012. Required qualifications include a Ph.D. 
in English (with a specialization in Victorian literature) at the time of appointment; 
relevant teaching experience; and an active program of scholarly 
research. The t ypical teaching load for junior facult y is 2/2, with 
regular opportunities to teach upper-division and/or graduate courses. 
We offer a competitive salar y and considerable research/travel support. 
Please apply on line at https://facult yjobs.unt.edu by 11/1/11; include a 
cover letter, curr iculum vita, and a wr iting sample of no more than 25 
pages; please also send 3 letters of reference to Prof. David Holdeman, 


Chair, Department of English, University of North Texas, 1155 Union 
Circle #311307, Denton, TX, 76203-5017. A dynam ic, rapidly growing 
institution that is now the fourth largest universit y in Texas, UNT 
values diversity and is located in the culturally and economically vibrant 
Dallas/Fort Worth area. The University of North Texas is an A A/ADA/ 
EOE. [R] 


U of Texas, Austin 

English, Parlin 108 1 Universit y Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712 

Senior Scholar or Creative Writer 15292 

http://www.utexas.edu/cola/depts/english/ 
The English Department at The University of Texas at Austin wishes to 
appoint a distinguished senior scholar or creative writer to the J.R. Millikan 
Centennial Professorship in Eng l ish Literature. A l l areas of specialization 
are open. Ph.D. or terminal degree in field preferred. Duties 


include undergraduate and graduate teaching, research, publication, and 
service. Salary will be commensurate with achievements. 
To apply, please send a letter of interest and a CV to Dr. Elizabeth Cull


ingford, Chair, via english-department@fortyacres.utexas.edu. Deadline: 


October 17th. 
The position is subject to budgetar y approval. Background check will be 
conducted on successful candidate. The University of Texas at Austin is 
an A A/EEO employer. 


utAh 
Brigham Young U 

English, 4198A JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant professor 15312 

http://english.byu.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for continuing status track 
positions—all areas considered—for appointments beginning Fall 2012. 
Successful candidates will show evidence of excellence in teaching and 
significant scholarly potential. Rank open. Salary, benefits, and teaching 
load competitive. PhD completion expected by starting date. Applications 
are completed onl ine at http://yjobs.byu.edu (select ful l-time facult y, 
then follow the link to Faculty-English). Initial applications include the 
on-line application, cover letter, and vita. These must be submitted by 
November 1. Application materials may be attached to the online application 
or sent to: Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, 4198 
JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham Young 
University, an equal opportunity employer, does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, or against 
qualified individuals with disabilities. All faculty are required to abide by 
the university's honor code and dress and grooming standards. Preference 
is given to qualified members in good standing of the affiliated church, 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. [R] 


Brigham Young U 

Humanities, Classics, & Comp Lit, 3008 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of Humanities 15417 

http://www.byu.edu 
Assistant Professor of Humanities, continuing status (BYU's equivalent 
of tenure) track position to begin Fall semester, 2012. PhD in Interdisciplinar 
y Humanities or related field required (literary studies, art history, 
musicology). Research speciality in Western European studies preferred 
but applications from candidates with background in Latin A merican, 
Asian, or Islamic humanities will also be considered. Anticipated teaching 
load: 6 3-credit-hour courses per academic year, to include undergraduate 
General Education courses as significant part of regular teaching load. 
Responsibilities also include graduate thesis committee work. Potential 

applicants can visit the University’s web page at <http://www.byu.edu>. 
Applicants must apply on-line <https://yjobs.byu.edu> and attach online 
a letter of application and current curriculum vitae. Application deadline 
for first-priority consideration is November 15, 2011. 

BYU is an equal employment opportunity employer. Preference is given 
to qualified candidates who are members in good standing of the affi liated 
church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 

U of Utah 

English, 255 Central Campus Dr, R m 3500 Salt Lake Cit y UT 84112 

Assistant Professor of Post-1945 American Fiction 

http://www.utah.edu 
The Eng lish Department of the Universit y of Utah seeks to appoint a 
scholar of post-1945 American fiction, tenure-track. We especially welcome 
applicants with expertise in Asian-American, African-American, or 
global/transnational literatures. Responsibilities normally include a 2–2 

teaching load (semester system), continuing publication, and active service 
to the department and university. 
To apply, go to: ht tp://utah .peoplead m i n .com /posti ng s/9687. Ap 


plications must be submitted by November 1, 2011. Inter views will be 
conducted at MLA. The Universit y of Utah is an Equal Oppor tunit y/ 
Affi rmative Action employer, encourages applications from women and 
minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities 
of applicants and employees. We also allow preferences for veterans. 
For additional information, go to: http://www.regulations.utah.edu/humanResources/
5–106.html. The University values candidates who have 
experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds 
and candidates who possess a strong commitment to improving access to 
higher education for historically underrepresented students. [R] 


U of Utah 

English, 255 Central Campus Dr, R m 3500 Salt Lake Cit y UT 84112 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 15450 

http://www.utah.edu 
The English Department of the University of Utah seeks to appoint a fiction 
writer, tenure-track. A substantial record of publication, preferably a 
book, is expected along with teaching experience at the university level. 
Expertise in a second genre is desirable. Salar y is competitive. Responsi


bilities normally include a 2–2 teaching load (semester system), continuing 
publication, and active service to the department and university. 
To apply, go to: htt p://utah .peoplead m i n .com /post i ng s/9665. Ap


plications must be submitted by November 1, 2011. Inter views will be 
conducted at MLA. The Universit y of Utah is an Equal Oppor tunit y/ 
Affi rmative Action employer, encourages applications from women and 
minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities 
of applicants and employees. We also allow preferences for veterans. 
For additional information, go to: http://www.regulations.utah.edu/humanResources/
5–106.html. The University values candidates who have 
experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds 
and candidates who possess a strong commitment to improving access to 
higher education for historically underrepresented students. [R] 


virGiniA 
George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor, African American Literature 

http://jobs.gmu.edu 
The George Mason University Department of English invites applications 
for a tenure-track, assistant professor in Afr ican Amer ican Literature. 
Position begins Fal l 2012. The candidate should specialize in A frican 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


American Women’s Literature, Criticism, and Theor y, with an emphasis 
on twentieth/twenty-first-century fiction writers such as Toni Morrison, 
Alice Walker, and Gloria Naylor. Additional expertise in the modern literatures 
of the Afr ican Diaspora is also desirable. Ph.D. required at the 
time of appointment. Applicants must demonstrate potential for excellence 
in scholarship and undergraduate and graduate teaching. Review of 
applications begins November 2, 2011, with interviews at the 2012 MLA 
convention. For full consideration, apply for position F5888z at http:// 
jobs.gmu.edu/. Complete the faculty application, and upload a cover letter, 
CV, and a writing sample of approximately 30 pages. Please mail three 
letters of recommendation to Dr. Keith Clark, Chair, Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, 
22030. George Mason University is an equal opportunity employer encouraging 
diversity. 

Hampden-Sydney C 

English, Box 234 College Rd Hampden-Sydney VA 23943 

One-Year, Full-Time Visiting Assistant Professor of English, early modern 
British Literature 15507 

http://www.hsc.edu 
Hampden-Sydney College invites applications for a one-year, full-time 
Visiting Assistant Professor of English, specializing in early modern British 
literature, beginning August 2012. The successful candidate will teach 
seven courses, including a survey of British literature through 1800, upper-
level Shakespeare, an introductor y literature course, and fi rst-year 
writing. The ability to teach Milton is preferred but not required. Can


didates should hold a Ph.D by time of employment and demonstrate a 
strong commitment to teaching undergraduates. 
Hampden-Sydney College is a selective four-year liberal arts college for 

men enrolling 1,050 students, located on a beautiful 1300-acre campus in 

Virginia, 60 miles southwest of Richmond. 
To apply for the position, please send letter of application, cur r iculum 
vitae, and three confidential letters of reference to Englishsearch@hsc 
.edu. Address the application to Professor Evan Davis, Chair, English 
Department, Hampden-Sydney College, Hampden-Sydney, VA 23943. 
Telephone: (434) 223-6245; FA X: (434) 223 -6045; Website: w w w.hsc 
.edu/Academ ics/Academ ic-Majors/ English .ht m l. Rev iew of applications 
will begin December 1 and will continue until the position is filled. 
Hampden-Sydney College welcomes applications from qualified minorities, 
women, and people with disabilities. Hampden-Sydney College is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


James Madison U 

English, 800 S Main St, MS1801 Harrisonburg VA 22807 

Assistant Professor Creative Writing Nonfiction 15545 

http://www.jmu.edu/english 
James Madison University announces a tenure-track position in creative 
nonfiction in its thriving interdisciplinar y creative writing program. Primar 
y responsibilities include teaching introductory and advanced courses 
in nonf iction wr iting. Successful candidate must have MFA or Ph.D. 
Significant national publications in the field; book publication preferred. 
Salar y shal l be com mensurate with exper ience. In order to be considered, 
all applicants must apply online at https://joblink.jmu.edu (posting 
#0404257) and mail a cover letter, c.v., and writing sample and arrange to 
have three letters of recommendation sent to Prof. Laurie Kutchins, JMU, 
Department of English, MSC 1801, 921 Madison Drive, Harrisonburg, 
VA 22807 and Review of applications will begin December 1. Interviews 
will be held at AWP Conference in Februar y. JMU is an A A/EOE. 

James Madison U 

English, 800 S Main St, MS1801 Harrisonburg VA 22807 

Assistant Professor of English in African American and African Diasporic 
Literatures 15384 

http://www.jmu.edu/english 
Tenure-track position begins Fall 2012. We are especially interested in 
candidates with interests in critical race theory, race and gender, and race 
and pop culture. Primar y responsibilities include teaching undergraduate 
and graduate (MA)courses in African American literature and introductory 
courses serving the General Education curriculum, with opportunities 
to teach in the Africana Studies, American Studies, Women’s Studies, 
and Film Studies programs. English Depar tment facult y do not teach 
freshman composition. Publication and service are expected for tenure. 
Successful candidate must have Ph.D. in hand by August 2012. In order 
to be considered, all applicants must apply online at https://joblink.jmu 
.edu (posting # 040255) and mail a cover letter, c.v., and writing sample 
and arrange to have three letters of recommendation sent to: Dr. Matthew 
Rebhorn, A fr ican American Literature Search Chair, English Depar tment, 
James Madison University, MSC 1801, 921 Madison Drive, Harrisonburg, 
VA 22807. We will begin reviewing applications on October 15, 
with a deadline for receipt of all materials on November 2, 2011. JMU is 
an AA/EOE. 

James Madison U 

Writing, R hetoric & Tech Communication, Suite 2276 Harrison Hall, 
MSC 2103 Harrisonburg VA 22807 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Writing, Rhetoric & Technical 
Communication 15289 

http://www.jmu.edu/wrtc 
Assistant or Associate Professor-Writing, Rhetoric and Technical Communication-
Tenure-Track – 0404239. The School of Writing, Rhetoric & 
Technical Communication at James Madison University invites applications 
and nominations for three tenure-track positions (assistant or associate 
professor) to begin fall 2012. Established in 2008, Writing, Rhetoric 
& Technical Communication is an academic communit y of 50 facult y 
(approximately 30 full-time and 20 part-time), 350 majors, minors and 
graduate students. Our mission is to prepare students, both writers and 
technical and scientific communicators, for lives of enlightened, global 
citizenship. We invite candidates with an interest in language as it addresses 
issues in technolog y and science, public discourse and culture. 
We seek colleagues to participate in developing an innovative cur riculum 
based on the interrelationships among writing, rhetoric and technical 
communication. Requirements include a Ph.D. in Writing Studies, 
Rhetoric and Composition, Technical Communication, or related discipline. 
Applications w ill be enhanced by demonstrated knowledge of 
HTML, XML (and its family of dialects) and Javascript. Additional requirements 
include evidence of excellent teaching, a record of significant 
scholarship for associate professor, publications or potential for publication 
that furthers the mission of WRTC for assistant professor. New hires will 
be expected to advise and to teach first-year writing and courses in the 
BA/BS and MA/MS degree programs. Teaching load is 3–3 with summer 
teaching a distinct possibility. James Madison University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity, Equal Access employer and especially 
encourages applications from minorities, women, and persons with disabilities. 
We seek candidates who will contribute to the climate of diversity 
in the School and the development of a College of Communication, 
Information and Media. The School of Writing, Rhetoric and Technical 
Communication strives to create an educational environment in which 
students and faculty facilitate constructive dialogue in the classroom and 
community to inspire responsible citizenship in a diverse world. To apply, 
complete an online application and upload cover letter describing qualifications 
at http://joblink.jmu.edu (search for posting #0404239). In addition, 
applicants should mail a CV, statement of teaching philosophy, 
writing sample (20–25 pages), and three recommendation letters to Dr. 
Larry Burton, Chair, WRTC Search Committee, James Madison Uni



versit y, 54 Bluestone Drive, MSC 2103, Har risonburg, VA 22807. Review 
of applications will begin Oct. 15 and continue until positions are 
filled. Salary shall be commensurate with experience. [R] 


Old Dominion U 

English, 5215 Hampton Blvd Norfolk VA 23529 

Assistant Professor-New Media Production and Writing Studies 15351 

http://www.odu.edu 
Assistant professor, English, tenure-track, for candidate prepared to teach 
in an interdisciplinary Ph.D. program, with emphases in Writing, Rhetor 
ic and Discourse Studies; Literar y and Cultural Studies; and Technology 
and New Media Studies, as well as MA and BA programs. Required: 
Ph.D. in English, rhetoric and composition, wr iting studies or related 
field by August 2012; primar y expertise in New Media production and 
writing studies; active research profi le (publications desirable); evidence 
of successful university teaching. Preferred secondar y expertise in at least 
one of the following: social media, research methods or popular culture 
studies. Send letter of application, vita, and 3 letters of reference to Dr. 
Dana Heller, Chair, Department of English, Old Dominion University, 
Nor folk, Virginia 23529. Review of applicants will begin October 15, 
2011 and continue until position is filled. Old Dominion University is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution and requires compliance 
with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986. [R] 


Old Dominion U 

English, 5215 Hampton Blvd Norfolk VA 23529 

Professor of Early American Literature 15348 

http://www.odu.edu 
Professor of Early American Literature (rank open, tenure-track) to teach 
in undergraduate, master's, and doctoral programs starting August 2012. 
Requirements: Ph.D. in Eng lish, dissertation and publications in Early 
American Literature, evidence of successful university teaching. Expertise 
in using Digital Humanities for Early American scholarship highly 
desirable. Additional expertise in Transatlantic Studies and/or Native 
American Studies desirable. Send letter of application, vita, and 3 letters 
of reference to Dr. Dana Heller, Chair, Department of English, Old Dominion 
University, Norfolk, Virginia 23529. Review of applicants will 
begin October 15, 2011 and continue until position is filled. Old Dominion 
Universit y is an Equal Opportunity/A ffi r mative Action institution 
and requires compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act 
of 1986. [R] 


Old Dominion U 

English, 5215 Hampton Blvd Norfolk VA 23529 

Advanced Assistant/Early Associate Professor, Professional Writing 15350 

http://www.odu.edu 
Advanced Assistant/Early Associate professor, Professional Writing, tenure-
track, prepared to teach in interdisciplinar y English Ph.D. program, 
with emphases in Writing, Rhetoric and Discourse Studies; Literar y and 
Cultural Studies; and Technolog y and New Media Studies, as wel l as 
MA and BA programs. Required: Ph.D. in Eng lish, rhetor ic and composition, 
technical communication or related field; primar y expertise in 
technical communication and writing studies, with preferred secondary 
expertise in at least one of the following: international/transcultural communication, 
research methods, visual rhetoric, or social media; significant 
record of publication and active research agenda; evidence of successful 
university teaching; work experience in a non-academic setting desirable. 
374 Send letter of application, vita, and 3 letters of reference to Dr. Dana 
Heller, Chair, Department of English, Old Dominion University, Norfolk, 
Virginia 23529. Review of applicants will begin October 15, 2011 
and continue until position is filled. Old Dominion University is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution and requires compliance with 
the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986. [R] 


Virginia Militar y Inst 

English & Fine Arts, 227 Scott Shipp Hall Lexington VA 24450 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 

http://www.vmi.edu 
Assistant Director of the Institute Writing Program for Writing Center 
Administration. Tenure-track assistant professor specializing in Rhetoric 
and Composition. Teach t wo courses per semester, including fi rst-year 
composition and upper-level courses in rhetoric and writing, and manage 
the VMI Writing Center. Duties will include coordinating the Center’s 
daily operations, programs, budget, and personnel, and developing relationships 
between the Center and the academ ic communit y to support 
writing across the curriculum. The successful candidate will be an excellent 
teacher and an emerg ing leader in the field as evidenced by scholarship 
and experience in developing writing centers, writing across the 
curriculum, or other writing program initiatives. Visit our websites for 
more information: Institute Writing Program www.vmi.edu/iwp and the 

Depar tment of English and Fine Arts ww w.vmi.edu/ ENFA. Ph.D. by 
August 2012. Competitive salary with full benefits. 
Virginia Militar y Institute is a state-supported undergraduate militar y 

college of engineering, the sciences, humanities, and the social sciences 
w ith a strong emphasis on teaching excellence. Militar y exper ience is 
not required for faculty. Send letter of application and dossier including 
transcripts and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Emily P. Miller, 
Head, Department of English and Fine Arts, Virginia Militar y Institute, 
Lexington, VA 24450. Review of applications will begin October 7 and 
continue until the position has been fi l led. Inter views at SA M LA (and 
possibly at MLA). VMI is an EOE. Women and minority candidates are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 


Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU 

English, 323 Shanks Hall 0112 Black sburg VA 24061 

Assistant Professor of Digital Rhetoric 

http://www.english.vt.edu 
The English Department at Virginia Tech invites applications for a ten


ure-track assistant professor position in Digital Rhetor ic to begin August 
2012. 
Required: Ph D (in hand at the time of appointment) in R hetor ic and 

Writing or related field with preparation in digital rhetoric, new media, 
and professional writing; the promise of significant research and publication; 
and evidence of successful teaching. 

Preferred: Publication, conference presentations, and teaching/working 

with diverse populations. 
Responsibilities include ongoing publication com mensurate with a research 
faculty position; teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in 
professional writing and rhetoric with opportunities to develop a course 
in multimodal writing; serving on departmental, college, and university 
committees; and advising students. Teaching load 2/2. For more information, 
see www.english.vt.edu/RW-job-search. 

Applications: Candidates must apply online at www.jobs.vt.edu, position 
#0110937. Attach to the on line application a letter of interest that addresses 
the responsibilities and qualifications stated above, a CV, a writing 
sample, a dissertation abstract, and names/contact information for references. 
Address queries to Carolyn Rude, Search Committee Chair, Carolyn.
Rude@vt.edu, 540.231.2374. Applications will be acknowledged by 
email. Review of applications will begin October 24 and continue until 
the position is fi l led. Video inter views with semifi nalists in December 
will be followed by campus visits for finalists in early 2012. 

Virginia Tech has a strong com mitment to diversit y and seeks a broad 
spectr um of candidates, including women and m inorities, people with 
disabilities, and veterans. Individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation 
in the application process should contact Bess Rowden: bessr@ 
vt.edu, 540.231.8466. 


The Department of English offers a BA and MA in English, an MFA in 
Creative Writing, and a Ph D in R hetoric and Wr iting. Undergraduate 
specializations include Literature, Language, and Culture; Creative Writing; 
and Professional Writing. Virginia Tech is a research-extensive university 
that enrolls more than 30,000 students. [R] 


wAshinGton 
Seattle U 

English, 901 12th Av PO Box 222000 Seattle WA 98122 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 15349 

http://www.seattleu.edu 
The English Department seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor 
in Creative Writing with a specialty in fiction. Terminal degree (PhD in 
Creative Writing or MFA with extensive teaching experience) required 
by June 2012. The ideal candidate will have a record of publications in 
fiction, experience teaching fiction and other genres, and a commitment 
to excellence in teaching at all undergraduate levels. Additionally, strong 
academic preparation and expertise in narrative theory or some other critical 
specialty are desired. The new assistant professor will be responsible 
for developing and instructing courses in creative writing and in his/her 
secondar y critical specialty as well as lower-division courses in literature 
or composition. We seek candidates who are dedicated to both publishing 
and teaching. Founded in 1996, the English Department’s Creative Writ


ing Program is an optional track within our BA in English Literature. 
Our Department also offers a BA in Film Studies. 
Applications must be received by November 1. Interviews will be con


ducted at MLA. Please submit a letter of application, CV, a statement of 
teaching philosophy, w ith a focus on Creative Writing, a wr iting sample, 
and the names and contact information for three references online at 
https://jobs.seattleu.edu. 


Seattle University, founded in 1891, is a Jesuit Catholic university located 
on 48 acres on Seattle’s Capitol Hil l. More than 7,500 students are enrolled 
in undergraduate and graduate programs within eight schools. U.S. 
News and World Report’s “Best Colleges 2011” ranks Seattle University 
among the top 10 universities in the West that offer a full range of masters 
and undergraduate programs. Seattle University is an equal opportunity 
employer. [R] 


Seattle U 

English, 901 12th Av PO Box 222000 Seattle WA 98122 

Assistant Professor of 19th-century British Literature 15347 

http://www.seattleu.edu 
The English Department seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor 
in 19th-centur y Br itish Literature who specializes in Romanticism or 
Victorian Literature. A secondar y expertise, in European and/or global 
literary connections or in the relation between print and new media, is 
desirable. Candidates must have received their Ph.D. by June 2012. The 
new assistant professor will be responsible for developing and instr ucting 
upper-division courses in both Romantic and Victorian Literature, 
surveys in 19th and 20th centur y English Literature, as well as composition 
and introductory literature courses for non-majors. The ideal candidate 
will have strong academic preparation, a commitment to excellence 
in teaching at all undergraduate levels, and demonstrated productivity in 
scholarly research. The English Department at Seattle University offers a 

BA in English with two tracks (Literature and Creative Writing) as well as 
a BA in Film Studies. 
Applications must be received by November 15. Interviews will be con


ducted at MLA. Please submit a letter of application, CV, a statement of 
teaching philosophy, a writing sample, and the names and contact information 
for three references online at https://jobs.seattleu.edu. 

Seattle University, founded in 1891, is a Jesuit Catholic university located 
on 48 acres on Seattle’s Capitol Hil l. More than 7,500 students are en


rolled in undergraduate and graduate programs within eight schools. U.S. 
News and World Report’s “Best Colleges 2011” ranks Seattle University 
among the top 10 universities in the West that offer a full range of masters 
and undergraduate programs. Seattle University is an equal opportunity 
employer. [R] 


U of Puget Sound 

English, PO Box 1045 1500 N Warner Tacoma WA 98416 

Assistant Professor, post-1945 Ethnic Literature(s) of the U.S. 

http://www.pugetsound.edu/ 
Full-time, tenure line position beginning Fall 2012. 
The Depa r t ment of Eng l ish at the Un iversit y of Puget Sou nd seeks 


a col lea g ue for a tenure -l ine posit ion i n post-1945 Ethn ic A mer ican 
Literature(s), with the ability to teach American Modernism. 
Responsibilities 


• Standard teaching assignment is three courses per semester. 
• The successful candidate will generally teach one course in first-year 
w r it ing -across-the cur r icu lu m (composit ion), one post-1865 A mer i-
can literature survey (or other literature survey), and one upper-division 
course in the candidate’s area of specialization each semester. 

• The successful candidate can expect to teach and develop courses for 
both majors as well as non-majors (in the university’s core curriculum). 

• Student advising and other departmental and university governance duties 
required. 
Qualifications 

• Ph.D. (ABD considered) in English, a record of successful teaching, and 
an active research agenda. 

• Desired areas of secondary specialization include but are not limited to: 
sexuality studies, film, emerging technologies, and visual culture studies. 

• Strong commitment to undergraduate teaching and liberal arts education 
required. 
Required materials: (1) letter of interest, (2) curriculum vitae, (3) statement 
of teaching philosophy, (4) brief description of research, (5) list of 
graduate courses and exam fields, and (6) three letters of reference. Please 
do not submit a writing sample at the initial stage of application. We will 
request a writing sample from those whose work we wish to learn more 
about prior to MLA. Only online applications are accepted; please apply 
at https://www.pugetsound.jobs/(use the “Search Postings” link on the 
left to find this position). The deadline for applicants to submit materials is 
Oct 21, 2011. Inter views will occur at MLA in Seattle in Jan 2012. [R] 


U of Washington, Bothell 

Interdisciplinar y Arts and Sciences, 18115 Campus Way NE Bothell 
WA 98011 

Senior Lecturers/Artists-in-Residence of Creative Writing and Poetics 15331 

http://www.uwb.edu/IAS/. 
Senior Lecturers/Artists-in-Residence (multiple positions, full-or halftime; 
3-year renewable, academic-year appointment). Seeking dynamic 
educators for new MFA program. Expertise is sought in diverse genres, 
including cross genre and hybrid for ms, and in poetics that address social, 
cultural, and/or technological aspects of writing. Record of teaching 
excellence and signif icant published work are required at time of 
appointment; PhD or MFA preferred. For more infor mation and for a 
full description of the position, see http://www.uwb.edu/IAS/. Preferred 
deadline: 17 October 2011. Applications should include a letter addressing 
artistic, scholarly, and pedagogical qualifications for working in the 
MFA and in IAS undergraduate degrees; a statement of candidate’s creative 
writing and poetics commitments; CV; sample syllabus; and writing 
sample. Email applications in one electronic fi le to: IAS_CWPSearch@ 
uwb.edu. These positions are contingent upon available funding. Univer 
sit y of Wash ing ton f acu lt y member s engage in teach i ng, research 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



and ser vice. The Universit y is an affi rmative action, equal oppor tunit y 
employer. [R] 


Washington SU 

Lib Arts, 2710 Crimson Way R ichland WA 99354 

Assistant Professor of English (Rhetoric/Composition, Writing Center 
D irector) 15466 

http://www.wsujobs.com 
WSU Tri-Cities Campus, Richland, WA (Tenure-track, FT, Permanent, 
9-Mo, 2/2 load). Required: PhD in Composition and Rhetoric, English, 
or related field. Knowledge of writing center theor y and pedagogy, WAC, 
Composition, literacy studies, intercultural rhetoric, or service learning is 
required. Strong preference will be given to applicants with prior administrative 
background. The candidate should also have background using 
a var iet y of digita l media and evidence of capacit y to work with a diverse 
student population across departments. Teaching typically includes 
a range of First Year Composition, as well as intermediate-and advanced-
level writing and research courses, graduate seminars, and Technical and 
Professiona l Com munication. Screening of application materials wil l 
begin October 21, 2011. Application materials should be received no later 
than November 18, 2011 to be considered for meeting with our representatives 
at the MLA conference Januar y 5 –8, 2012, in Seattle, WA. 
For information on application materials and to apply, visit https://www 
.wsujobs.com (Position #111599). Materials may be submitted online to 
Joanne Baker, Clerical Manager, English Search Committee. EEO/A A/ 
ADA 

Western Washington U 

English, 516 High St MS 9055 Bellingham WA 98225 

Assistant Professor of Writing Studies 15516 

http://kerouac.english.wwu.edu/~newenglish/index.php 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of Writing Studies position beginning September 2012; the 
position is contingent on funding. Ph.D. in composition/rhetoric, technical/
professional writing and communication, English, or a related field is 
required by August 2012. Also required of applicants are a demonstrated 
commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and a potential for 
strong research and publication in relevant fields. Successful applicants will 
have the vision to connect the study and teaching of writing with theories 
and practices in composition, rhetoric, and professional and technical 
writing. Strong expertise in at least one of the following areas is required: 
professional and technical writing/communication, composition/rhetoric, 
basic writing, digital humanities, new media studies or writing program 
administration. Demonstrated experience in two or more of these areas 
is preferred. Familiarity with and sensitivity to cultural diversity issues is 
also preferred. The successful candidate will have the departmental standard 
2–2-2 quarterly teaching assignment, including specialty courses at 
the undergraduate and MA levels, general education courses, and other 
courses depending on the candidate’s interests and departmental needs. To 
be considered for the position, application materials must be submitted via 
WWU’s Electronic Application System for Employment (EASE). Please 
log in to https://jobs.wwu.edu/LoginPage.aspx. Use Internet Explorer 
to fully utilize the online application system. Candidates should upload 
a letter of application, CV, and graduate transcripts. Additionally, three 
letters of recommendation are required; recommenders should email their 
letters to the Writing Studies Search Committee at English@wwu.edu. 
Interviews at MLA. Will accept applications until position is filled, but for 
consideration for an interview at MLA, applications must be received by 
11/4/11. View full position announcement at www.acadweb.wwu.edu/ 
hr/Jobs/faculty.asp. A A/EOE. [R] 


Whitman C 

English, 345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.whitman.edu 
Tenure-track position, at the rank of assistant professor, in 19th-Centur y 
Amer ican literature. Candidates must have a solid grounding in multi-
ethnic traditions and expertise in poetr y/poetics. Competency in the 
literature of the early republic or trans-Atlantic approaches desirable. Effective 
August, 2012. Ph.D. required. The successful candidate will teach 
the American Literature sur vey from pre-Contact to 1920; courses in 
multi-ethnic literatures; upper-level and introductor y literature courses in 
his or her area of specialization; and general education courses, including 
Encounters, Whitman College’s first-year shared-experience course. 
Whitman College wishes to reinforce its commitment to enhance diversit 
y, broad ly defi ned, recognizing that to provide a diverse learning 
environment is to prepare students for personal and professional success 
in an increasingly multicultural and global society. In their application, 
candidates should address their interest in working as teachers and scholars 
w ith undergraduates in a liberal arts environment that emphasizes 
close student-faculty interaction; how their cultural, experiential, and/or 
academic background contributes to diversity; and their interest in participating 
in the College’s general education offerings as well as engaging 
in cross-disciplinar y teaching and scholarship. To apply, go to https:// 
whitmanhr.simplehire.com/, click “Faculty” and “Assistant Professor of 
English.” The online position description includes specific instructions 
on submission of the following materials: letter of application; curriculum 
vitae; three letters of reference; statements addressing the candidate’s 
teaching interests and scholarly agenda; undergraduate and graduate transcripts; 
teaching evaluations or other evidence of demonstrated or potential 
excellence in undergraduate instruction. Deadline: October 27, 2011. 
No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, sex, 
gender, religion, age, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran’s 
status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis prohibited 
by applicable federal, state, or local law. Whitman College is a small, selective 
liberal ar ts col lege dedicated to providing excellent educationa l 
opportunities for students. Faculty receive generous professional development 
support for both research and teaching. For additional information 
about Whitman College and the Walla Wa l la area, see w w w.whitman 
.edu and www.wallawalla.org. [R] 


wisConsin 
Marquette U 

English, PO Box 1881 335 Coughlin Hall Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant Professor of 20th/21st-c American Literature 

http://www.marquette.edu/english/ 
One beginning tenure-track Assistant Professor position in American Literature 
of the late 20th and early 21st centuries, with possible secondary 
emphases in gender studies and/or comparative transnational approaches. 
Annual five-course load offers teaching in lower-division, upper-division, 
and graduate literature courses as well as active participation in M.A. and 
Ph.D. programs. Ph.D. (by 9/1/2012), college teaching experience, evidence 
of scholarly activity and potential in field, strong commitment to 
both research and teaching. Deadline: October 20, 2011. All applications 
must be subm itted through the electronic application system at http:// 
careers.marquette.edu, where candidates upload: (1) letter of application, 

(2) current Curriculum Vitae, (3) dissertation abstract, (4) writing sample. 
Three letters of recommendation should be uploaded to Marquette 
University’s Interfolio site at http://www.inter folio.com/universities/ 
partners/MarquetteEnglish.cfm. Contact info: Kris Ratcliffe, Chair, at 
krista.ratcliffe@mu.edu. Marquette University, an EOE that values diversity, 
is a Jesuit, Catholic University with a wide range of undergraduate 
and graduate programs. We seek candidates who understand and respect 
the University's Mission Statement, which can be found at http://www 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


.marquette.edu/about/mission.shtml. Candidates from underrepresented 
groups are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 


Marquette U 

English, PO Box 1881 335 Coughlin Hall Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant Professor of 18th-c British Literature 15242 

http://www.marquette.edu/english/ 
One beginning tenure-track Assistant Professor position in British Literature 
of the Long Eighteenth-Century, with possible emphases in transnational 
approaches and/or poetr y and poetics. Annual five-course load 
offers teaching in lower-division, upper-division, and graduate literature 
courses as well as active participation in M.A. and Ph.D. programs. Ph.D. 
(by 9/1/2012), college teaching experience, evidence of scholarly activity 
and potential in field, strong commitment to both research and teaching. 
Deadline: October 20, 2011. All applications must be submitted through 
the electronic application system at http://careers.marquette.edu, where 
candidates upload: (1) a letter of application, (2) a current Curriculum 
Vitae, (3) a dissertation abstract, (4) a writing sample. Three letters of recommendation 
should be sent to Marquette University’s Interfolio site at 
http://www.interfolio.com/universities/partners/MarquetteEnglish.cfm. 
Contact info: Kris Ratcliffe, Chair, at krista.ratcliffe@mu.edu. Marquette 
University, an EOE that values diversity, is a Jesuit, Catholic University 
with a wide range of undergraduate and graduate programs. We seek candidates 
who understand and respect the University's Mission Statement, 
which can be found at http://www.marquette.edu/about/mission.shtml. 
Candidates from underrepresented groups are especially encouraged to 
apply. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor of English, British Literature of the Long 18th Century 
15504 

http://www.uwlax.edu 
The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, College of Liberal Studies, invites 
applicants for a ful l-time, academic year, tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position for a specia list in British Literature of the Long 18th 
Centur y in the English Department, beg inning August 27, 2012. The 
University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is a high-ranking comprehensive university 
specializing in teaching (the load is 4/4). Strong candidates wil l 
have a proven pedagogica l track record and a desire to teach as strong 
as their desire to conduct research. Our new colleague will teach upper-
level courses in Restoration and 18th-Century British Literature as well as 
regular assignments in freshman composition and general education literature 
classes. Strong candidates will demonstrate evidence of teaching effectiveness 
and strong oral and written communication skills, potential for 
curriculum development, evidence of/potential for scholarship, and commitment 
to professional service. Preferred secondary specialties include 
global approaches to literary study and 18th-century culture, and the rise 
of modern journalism; also attractive are knowledge of classical literature, 
teacher preparation studies, professional writing and/or advanced expository 
writing, and an interest in participating in study abroad opportunities 
in France and China. The English Department values and supports 
diversity in its faculty, staff, and students. We seek a colleague who shares 
the department's commitment to diversity in curriculum and who will be 
a dedicated teacher, active scholar, and effective mentor for students with 
diverse backgrounds, preparation, and career goals. Candidates must have 

a PhD in English, Comparative Literature, or a comparable f ield conferred 
by August 27, 2012. 
Note: Electronic submission of application materials is required, includ


ing letter of application; c.v.; unofficial transcript(s); and three letters of 
reference uploaded through the electronic por tal or mailed by reference 
providers or dossier ser vice to U W-L English Depar tment, Attn. 
18th Century British Literature Search, 1725 State Street, La Crosse, WI 
54601. For additional information about this faculty position and to apply, 
please visit https://employment.uwlax.edu/. All application materials must 

be received by November 17, 2011. Initial interviews will be held at the 
Seattle MLA Convention; candidates not attending may make other arrangements. 


U W-La Crosse is an affi rmative action/equal opportunit y employer. If 
you have a special need for accommodation in the hiring process, please 
contact Natalie Eschenbaum, Search and Screen Comm ittee Chair, at 
608-785-8660. To learn more about the English Department, visit http:// 
www.uwlax.edu/english. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, U W-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor of English, Creative Writing with Poetry Specialization 
15503 

http://www.uwlax.edu 
The English Department of the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse seeks 
a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Poetry). 
A secondar y specialization in Creative Nonfiction is prefer red. U W-L 
is a high-ranking comprehensive university specializing in teaching (the 
load is 4/4). Candidates should have a record of successful teaching and 
significant publications in poetry. Our new colleague will teach upper-
level courses such as Seminar in Advanced Poetr y Writing, Forms of Poetr 
y, Creative Writing (a multi-genre introductory course), and Creative 
Nonfiction; regular teaching assignments will also include general education 
literature and freshman composition. Aside from creative nonfiction, 
other interests may include literary magazine production; teacher preparation 
studies; advanced expositor y writing; the graphic novel; professional 
writing; and multicultural, international, disability, and diversity perspectives 
in teaching, scholarship, and curriculum development. Candidates 
must have a ter minal degree ( PhD or MFA in English or related field) 


with preparation/expertise in Creative Writing conferred by August 27, 
2012. 
We seek a colleague who shares the department's commitment to diver-


sit y in cur riculum and who wil l be a dedicated teacher, active scholar, 
and effective mentor for students with diverse backgrounds, preparation, 
and career goals. As an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
U W-L is engaged in an effort to be a leader in Wisconsin’s movement 
toward increased diversit y and inclusiveness. If you have a special need 
or accom modation to assist in your par ticipation in the hiring process, 
please contact Matt Cashion, Committee Chair, at (608) 785-8297. To 
learn more about the English Department, visit http://www.uwlax.edu/ 
english. 


Note: Electronic submission of application materials is required, including 
letter of application, c.v., a one-page teaching philosophy statement, unofficial 
graduate transcript(s), and three letters of reference; letters may be 
uploaded through the electronic portal or mailed by reference providers 
or dossier service to UW-L English Department, attn: Creative Writing 
Search, 1725 State St., La Crosse, WI, 54601. A ll application mater ia ls 
must be received by November 11, 2011. Initial interviews at the Seattle 
MLA Convention; candidates not attending may make other arrangements. 


For additional information about this Faculty position and to apply, please 


visit 
https://employment.uwlax.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/frameset/Frameset 
.jsp?time=1240494358073. 


Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance w ith the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, U W-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction. [R] 



U of Wisconsin, Madison 

English, 600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706 

Assistant Professor in Composition/Rhetor ic 15286 

http://www.english.wisc.edu 
The English Department at the University of Wisconsin at Madison seeks 
an outstanding teacher-scholar at the rank of assistant professor in composition/
rhetoric, with a specialty in 21st century rhetorics, literacies, and 
archives. We are particularly interested in candidates whose scholarship 
addresses globalization, transnationalism, and immigration; environmentalism 
and rhetor ics of science; or questions of identit y (esp. related to 
gender, disability, or the transcultural). Teaching at both the undergraduate 
and g raduate levels may include courses in the histor y, theor y, and 
practice of rhetoric and literacy; digital archives; interdisciplinary English 
studies; and research methods. To apply, please email a CV, a letter of application 
describing research and teaching strengths, and a recommendation 
dossier to Professor Theresa Kelley, Chair, Department of English 
at employment@english.wisc.edu. Pdf files are preferred. Materials that 
cannot be sent electronically may be mailed to Professor Theresa Kelley, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 600 N. 
Park St., Madison, WI 53706, Attn: Composition/Rhetoric Search. To 
ensure full consideration, applications should be received by November 1, 
2011. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. EOE/AA. A criminal 
background check may be required prior to employment. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, Madison 

English, 600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern English Literature and Culture 15283 

http://www.english.wisc.edu 
The Department of Engl ish at the Universit y of Wisconsin-Madison 
seeks to make an appointment at the assistant professor level in early modern 
English literature and culture beginning August 2012. This position 
is part of a joint initiative of UW-Madison and the Andrew W. Mellon 
Foundation to foster humanities research and teaching that crosses intellectual, 
disciplinary, and territorial boundaries. We especially welcome 
appl icants whose work ex plores the i mpact of pr int cu lt u re on ea rly 
modern English literature, particularly poetry. The candidate appointed 
w il l help the depar tment maintain core capabilities in the teaching of 
early modern literature, while contributing to inter-disciplinar y areas of 
knowledge that cross the boundaries of existing academic departments. 
To apply, please email a CV, a letter of application descr ibing research 
and teaching strengths, a 25-page writing sample, and a recommendation 
dossier to Professor Theresa Kelley, Chair, Department of English at employment@
english.wisc.edu. Pdf files are preferred. Materials that cannot 
be sent electronically may be mailed to Professor Theresa Kelley, Chair, 
Department of English, Universit y of Wisconsin-Madison, 600 Nor th 
Park Street, Madison, WI 53706, Attn: Early Modern Search. To ensure 
ful l consideration, applications should be received by October 1, 2011. 
Women and minor ities are encouraged to apply. EOE/A A. A criminal 
background check may be required prior to start of appointment. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, Madison 

English, 600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706 

Assistant Professor of Restoration/Eighteen-Century British Literature and 
Culture 15285 

http://www.english.wisc.edu 
The Department of English at the University of Wisconsin-Madison seeks 
to appoint an assistant professor of Br itish Restoration and eighteenth-
century literature and culture for a position to begin August 2012. The 
position car r ies a 2/2 course load. To apply, please email a CV, a letter 
of application describing research and teaching strengths, a dissertation 
abstract, a teaching portfolio, and a recommendation dossier to Professor 
Theresa Kelley, Chair, Department of English at employment@english 
.wisc.edu. Pdf files are preferred. Materials that cannot be sent electroni


cally may be mailed to Professor Theresa Kelley, Chair, Department of 
English, Universit y of Wisconsin-Madison, 600 N. Park St., Mad ison, 
WI 53706, Attn: Eighteenth-Centur y Search. To ensure full consideration, 
completed applications should be received by November 1, 2011. 
Women and minor ities are encouraged to apply. EOE/A A. A criminal 
background check may be required prior to employment. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, Milwaukee 

English, PO Box 413 Curtin Hall, Rm 413 Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant Professor, Professional/Technical Writing 

http://www4.uwm.edu/letsci/english/ 
POSITION DESCRIPTION 
Assistant Professor 
Professional/Technical Writing 
Department of English 
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee 
Tenure-track position. We seek an energetic scholar/teacher whose work 


focuses on theories of professional/technical writing and who has a strong 


research agenda with potential for solid publications. 
Especially desirable would be a demonstrated expertise in one or more 
of the following areas: ethics; cultural, cross-cultural, and global issues; 
environmental rhetoric; and business writing. 


The successful hire will teach and help develop face to face and online 
graduate seminars and undergraduate courses; assume a leadership role 
in the professional writing program’s student organization and advisor y 
board; contribute regularly to interdisciplinary and outreach initiatives 
across the department (with its specializations in rhetoric and composition, 
literature, modern studies, linguistics, and creative writing), college, 
and campus and in southeast Wisconsin; and eventually administer undergraduate 
and graduate programs in professional and technical writing. 
Salar y dependent upon qualifications and experience. 


PhD required within a year of hire; workplace experience is highly desir


able. 
Please provide a letter of application, vita, a br ief wr iting sample, and 
three letters of reference by November 1. Review of applications will 
begin on November 15. Applications must be made at 


https://jobs.uwm.edu/postings/7214 
The University of Wisconsin is an Affirmative Action-Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, River Falls 

English, 410 S 3rd St R iver Falls WI 54022 

Assistant Professor 15345 

http://www.uwrf.edu/HumanResources/Employment-Opportunities. 
The Department of English is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor 
in professional and technical writing to teach upper-division professional 
writing courses and lower-division courses in composition beginning in 
Fall 2012. Teaching load is normally twelve credits per semester. Advising 
students, super vising inter nships, scholarly activit y, and active participation 
in departmental and university professional activities are also 

expected. U WRF is located in the heart of the St. Croix River Valley, 30 
minutes from the Twin Cities. 
Required Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in Professional or Technical 

Communication by August 2012 with a specialization in digital media, 
grant writing, technical editing, or visual rhetoric. Applicants should be 
strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and evidence 
of professional activity which keeps the candidate abreast of scholarship 
within the field. 

Desired Qualifications: Experience teaching writing in hybrid or online 
environments and workplace experience in professional or technical writing. 



Applicants must send electronically: Cover letter, CV, a statement of their 
teaching philosophy, new media ev idence, the names, addresses, email 
addresses, and phone numbers of at least three references, and a separate 
statement regarding their experience with and commitment to diversity 
to http://www.uwrf.edu/hr/employment_opportunities.htm. 

U of Wisconsin, River Falls 

English, 410 S 3rd St R iver Falls WI 54022 

Assistant Professor 15340 

http://www.uwrf.edu/HumanResources/EngCreativeWriting.cfm 
Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, beginning August 2012, to teach 

in the Depar tment of English, which has an English-Creative Writing 
Emphasis major with more than 80 majors and minors in the program. 
Required Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in literature or creative writ


ing by August 2012, university teaching experience in area of expertise, 
fiction preferred, nonfiction or poetr y also acceptable, publication in one 
creative writing genre, fiction preferred, and a willingness to advise and 
mentor students and to assist with visiting writers, student publications, 
and readings. Compensation is based on qualifications, including education 
and experience. The normal teaching load is 12 units. The University 
expects creative/scholarly activity appropriate to field, including research, 
scholarship, and creative endeavor, that supports its programs. 

Desired Qualifications: Editorial experience with a literary magazine and 

experience in the literary editing and publishing fields. 
Applicants must send electronically: Cover letter, CV, names of at least 
three references (with name, email address, and phone number), sample 
of professional creative writing publication, fiction preferred, unofficial 
transcripts of graduate degrees, and a statement regarding their experience 
with and commitment to diversity to http://www.uwrf.edu/HumanResources/
EngCreativeWriting.cfm. 

U WRF is an EO/A A employer. 

CA nAdiAn institutions 
Concordia U 

English, 1455 Blvd De Maisonneuve W Montréal QC H3G 1M8 CA 

Tenure-Track Position in Medieval Literature and Culture 15101 

http://english.concordia.ca/ 
The Department of English at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec 
invites applications for one tenure-track position in Medieval Literature 
and Culture. Candidates should have research interests from the high 
to the late Middle Ages, teaching experience, a completed PhD (or one 
very near completion), publication(s), and secondary strengths in one or 
more of the following: digital humanities research; early modern litera


ture; other medieval European vernacular literatures; Old English and/or 
medieval Latin language and literature. 
Applications must consist of a cover letter, a current curr iculum vitae, 


copies of recent publications, a statement of teaching philosophy/interests, 
a statement of research achievements, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. 
All applications must include a writing sample of 25 pages. Candidates 
must also arrange to have three letters of reference sent directly to 
the departmental contact. 


Dr. Jason Camlot 
Chair, Department of English 
Concordia University 
1455 de Maisonneuve Blvd. W., S-LB 685–7 
Montreal, Qc. H3G 1M8. 
chaireng@alcor.concordia.ca 
http://english.concordia.ca/ 
Subject to budgetar y approval, we anticipate fi l ling this position, nor


mally at the rank of Assistant Professor, for July 1, 2012. Review of ap


plications will begin immediately and will continue until the position has 
been filled. All applications should reach department no later than November 
1, 2011. All inquiries about the position should be directed to Dr. 
Camlot (chaireng@alcor.concordia.ca). 


For additional information, please visit our website at artsandscience.con


cordia.ca. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. Concordia 
University is committed to employment equity. 


McGill U 

English, 853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A 2T6 Canada 

Drama and Theatre in the Americas 

http://www.mcgill.ca 
The Department of English at McGill University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin 1 August 
2012 in Drama and Theatre of the Americas. A secondary emphasis 
on theatrical performance practice is desirable. The successful candidate 
will teach and conduct research in Drama and Theatre of the Americas 
(the US, Canada, and Latin A mer ica). Knowledge of French and some 

teaching experience are assets. Evidence of scholarly promise is a major 
consideration. 
McGil l’s Depar tment of Eng lish brings together three different but re


lated areas of study—Literature, Drama and Theatre, and Cultural Stud-
ies—and promotes research and teaching across specialist boundaries. The 
teaching assignment is 12 credits (4 courses) per academic year. Complete 
infor mation about the Depar tment, its programs, and courses may be 
found on our website: www.mcgill.ca/english 

Complete applications including curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample (20–30 pages) should arrive no later 
than 15 November 2011. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply; 
however, in accordance with Canadian immigration requirements, priority 
will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada. 
McGill University is committed to diversity and equity in employment. It 
welcomes applications from indigenous peoples, visible minorities, ethnic 
minorities, persons with disabilities, women, persons of minority sexual 
orientations and gender identities, and others who may contribute to further 
diversification. Please address applications to: Professor Allan Hepburn, 
Chair, Department of English, McGill University, 853 Sherbrooke 
St. West, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3A 2T6. [R] 


Saint Thomas More C 

English, 1437 College Dr Saskatoon SK S7N 0W6 Canada 

Assistant Professor, English Department 

http://www.stmcollege.ca 
Academic Rank: Assistant Professor (tenure track). 
Review of Applications: October 14, 2011 and continue until the position 

is filled. Applicants are to forward their application materials to: Dr. Patrick 
Kelly, Head, Department of English, St Thomas More College, 1437 
College Drive, Saskatoon, SK, S7N 0W6. Email: pjke@shaw.ca 

Starting Date: July 1, 2012 
Par ticulars of the Position: The Depar tment has teaching and research 

needs in the area of Catholic Writers in English (all post-Renaissance periods 
will be considered). 
The successful candidate will have a completed PhD in a relevant area of 

study at the time of appointment. In addition, the ideal candidate should 

have a broad background in the Catholic intellectual tradition. 
The successful candidate will be expected to contribute to STM’s distinctive 
Minor in Catholic Studies. 

Starting Salar y: $82,388 and up. STM also provides a comprehensive benefits 
plan for faculty. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 
2011 



Teaching & Research Expectations: STM is committed to high-quality 
teaching and research. Successful candidates will be expected to contribute 
to one or more of STM’s inter-disciplinary programs (e.g., Catholic 
Studies; Critical Perspectives on Social Justice and the Common Good; 
Classical, Medieval and Renaissance Studies; Jewish and Christian Origins; 
etc.) according to his/her interest or requirements of the position. 
Candidates will be expected to develop an active, externally funded program 
of research, and to participate in collaborative research in an interdisciplinary 
environment. 

Application Mater ia ls: Applicants must send a letter descr ibing qualifications, 
a curriculum vitae, letters of reference from three referees, and 
transcripts, as well as a sample of academic writing. The successful candidate 
will be expected to supply a teaching dossier (e.g. teaching philosophy, 
peer and student evaluations of courses taught, sample syllabi, and 
other materials as appropriate). 

ST. THOM AS MOR E COLLEGE (STM) is the Catholic liberal arts 
college federated with the Universit y of Saskatchewan. In our mission 
statement, we affirm that “through our teaching we are devoted to a partnership 
of lear ning and growth with our students which addresses the 
synthesis of faith and reason in all aspects of the human condition. The 
creative discovery of truth and its open dissemination nourishes our life 
as teachers and members of the wider academic and Catholic intellectual 
com munit y.” Departments at STM collaborate with Universit y of Saskatchewan 
departments in offering undergraduate and graduate programs 
in the humanities and social sciences. 

In accordance with Canadian immigration requirements, this advertisement 
is directed in the first instance to Canadian citizens and permanent 
residents. STM is committed to diversity within its faculty. Women, Aboriginal 
people, people with disabilities, visible minorities and members 
of other designated groups are encouraged to self-identif y on their application. 
Additional information on STM College and the University of 
Saskatchewan is available on the STM website (http://www.stmcollege. 
ca). [R] 


U of Alberta 

English & Film Studies, 3–5 Humanities Centre Edmonton AB T6G 
2E5 Canada 

Assistant Professor, Film Studies 15095 

http://www.efs.ualberta.ca 
The Department of English and Film Studies at the University of Alberta 
invites applications for a tenure track appointment at the rank of Assistant 
Professor in the area of Film Studies, with a specialization in World Cinema, 
with desirable areas of expertise including Asian Cinema, central and 
east European cinemas, British cinema, and documentary cinema. These 
areas complement our existing strengths in Canadian and American film 
and film theory. Applicants must have a PhD, or be close to completion, 
as well as relevant teaching experience and publications. They should have 
a strong background in introductor y teaching, both history and theory, 
and the expertise to teach intermediate and senior level courses in the 
various fields of international cinema (and documentary), and particular 
areas of study within those fields. They should be prepared to supervise 
student work at both undergraduate and graduate levels. The appointment 
will commence 1 July 2012. Applicants should send the Chair a letter of 
application, a complete curriculum vitae (with full contact information, 
including phone numbers and e-mail address), a writing sample (20-page 
maximum), the names of three referees, and, if available, a teaching dossier 
and evaluations of teaching performance. Candidates are responsible 
for ensuring that official copies of undergraduate and graduate transcripts, 
and letters of reference from the three named referees, are sent directly to 
the Department. The closing date for applications is 15 October 2011. All 
application materials should be sent directly to: Susan Hamilton, Chair, 
Department of English and Film Studies, Humanities Centre 3–5, Universit 
y of A lberta, Edmonton A B T6G 2E5 Canada. For further information 
about the position, or the Department, please contact the Chair 
by email at susan.hamilton@ualberta.ca. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be 

given priority. The University of Alberta hires on the basis of merit. We 
are comm itted to the pr inciple of equit y in employment. We welcome 
diversity and encourage applications from all qualified women and men, 
including persons with disabilities, members of visible minor ities, and 
Aboriginal persons. [R] 


U of British Columbia 

English, 397-1873 E Mall Vancouver BC V6T 1Z1 CA 

Assistant Professor in the History and Theory of Rhetoric 

http://www.english.ubc.ca 
The Department of English at the University of British Columbia seeks to 

fill a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the Histor y and Theor y 
of Rhetoric. 
Applicants must have a PhD (or be near completion), publications, and 

experience teaching at the post-secondar y level; they are expected to provide 
strong evidence of active and excellent research, and demonstrate a 
record of or potential for high quality teaching at the undergraduate and 
graduate levels. The successful candidate will be expected to maintain an 
active program of research, teaching, graduate supervision, and service. 

Positions are subject to final budgetary approval. Applicants should submit 
a letter of application, an example of their published research, a current 
CV containing full contact information, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. 


Applicants should arrange for three confidential letters of reference to be 
forwarded to Dr. Stephen Guy-Bray, Head, Department of English, Universit 
y of Br itish Columbia, 397-1873 East Mall, Vancouver, BC, V6T 
1Z1, Canada. 

Position start date: 1 July 2012. Complete applications and reference letters 
must be postmarked by 1 December 2011 (no electronic submissions 
or subsequent updates can be accepted). 

Please consult the departmental website for details on our programs, fac


ulty, and activities: www.english.ubc.ca. 
The Universit y of British Columbia hires on the basis of mer it and is 
comm itted to employment equit y. We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given pr ior it y. Applicants from this g roup are encouraged to self-identify. 
UBC is strongly committed to diversity within its community and 
especially welcomes applications from visible minority group members, 
women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual 
orientation or gender identity, and others who may contribute to the 
further diversification of ideas. [R] 


U of British Columbia 

English, 397-1873 E Mall Vancouver BC V6T 1Z1 CA 

Assistant Professor in Drama since 1850 

http://www.english.ubc.ca 

The Department of English at the University of British Columbia seeks to 
fill a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Drama since 1850. 
Applicants must have a PhD (or be near completion), publications, and 

experience teaching at the post-secondar y level; they are expected to provide 
strong evidence of active and excellent research, and demonstrate a 
record of or potential for high quality teaching at the undergraduate and 
graduate levels. The successful candidate will be expected to maintain an 
active program of research, teaching, graduate supervision, and service. 

Positions are subject to final budgetary approval. Applicants should submit 
a letter of application, an example of their published research, a current 
CV containing full contact information, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. 


Applicants should arrange for three confidential letters of reference to be 
forwarded to Dr. Stephen Guy-Bray, Head, Department of English, Universit 
y of Br itish Columbia, 397-1873 East Mall, Vancouver, BC, V6T 
1Z1, Canada. 


Position start date: 1 July 2012. Complete applications and reference letters 
must be postmarked by 1 October 2011 (no electronic submissions or 
subsequent updates can be accepted). 

Please consult the departmental website for details on our programs, fac


ulty, and activities: www.english.ubc.ca. 
The Universit y of British Columbia hires on the basis of mer it and is 
comm itted to employment equit y. We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given pr ior it y. Applicants from this g roup are encouraged to self-identify. 
UBC is strongly committed to diversity within its community and 
especially welcomes applications from visible minority group members, 
women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual 
orientation or gender identity, and others who may contribute to the 
further diversification of ideas. [R] 


U of New Br unswick 

English, PO Box 4400, 247 Carleton Hall Fredericton NB E3B 5A3 
Canada 

Assistant Professor of Screenwriting and Film Studies 15180 

http://www.unb.ca 
The Department of English at the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton 
invites applications for a tenure-track appointment in screenwriting 
and fi lm studies, at the rank of Assistant Professor, effective 1 July 
2012 and subject to final budgetar y approval. Candidates should hold a 
PhD in Film Studies or English, and demonstrate a strong commitment 
to creative work, teaching and research. The successful candidate wil l 
teach undergraduate and graduate courses in screenwriting, film studies 
and film theory, and will participate in the Department's Creative Writing 
program as well as in the interdepartmental Film and Media Studies 
programs. Our ideal candidate will be an experienced screenwriter as well 
as having a good background in film studies, including film theor y; s/he 
would also be interested in building links with the wider film community 
in New Brunswick. Secondar y strength in another area that would 
complement the Department's offerings would be an asset. Interested individuals 
should ask three referees to send letters and should themselves 
forward a letter of application, a detailed curriculum vitae, and samples of 
their creative and scholarly work to: Dr. Mary Rimmer, Chair, Department 
of English, UN B, PO Box 440, Freder icton, N B, E3B 5A3. The 
closing date for applications is 1 November 2011. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents 
will be given priority. Candidates should indicate citizenship status 
in their applications. The University of New Brunswick is committed to 
the principle of employment equity. [R] 


U of Waterloo 

English, HH 253 Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Digital Media Studies 15579 

http://www.english.uwaterloo.ca 
Applications are invited for a tenure-track position in Digital Media Studies 
at the Assistant Professor level. We are looking for a col league with 
expertise in digital media theor y and practice who will contribute to our 
research and teaching in this area, including new degree options and our 
digital research centre, the Critical Media Lab, where the successful candidate 
w ill have access to extensive resources for dig ital design (please 
visit http://criticalmedia.uwaterloo.ca for more information). Applicants 
for this position should have outstanding research potential and achievement 
commensurate with their experience; it will also be considered an 
asset to have a strong record of external funding. The successful candidate 
will be offered a wide range of teaching experiences, from first-year 
undergraduate courses through to graduate teaching and supervision of 
doctoral students. In addition to underg raduate programs in Literature 
and in Rhetoric and Professional Writing, the Department offers new undergraduate 
specializations in Digital Media Studies and in English Literature 
in a Global Context. We also offer a new M A in Experimental 

Digital Media ( X DM), in addition to our innovative M A programs in 
Literar y Studies and Rhetoric and Communication Design. Our unique 
PhD program integrates literar y studies with fields of media theor y and 
design, rhetoric, and discourse and text analysis. Since the Department 
promotes an integrated research culture, secondar y expertise in critical 
theor y, creative arts, computer programming, rhetoric, semiotics, composition 
theor y, linguistics, or a field of literar y study, is also welcome. 
The current teaching load is 2 + 2, which normally includes one graduate 
course. An appointment date of July 1st, 2012 is preferred. 

The successful candidate will have the opportunity to participate in the 
growth of Graduate Studies and the Humanities in the University of Waterloo’s 
Faculty of Arts, as well as to be part of a burgeoning interdisciplinar 
y community in digital studies that is situated on UW’s main campus, 
at the Digital Media “Hub” in downtown Kitchener, and at UW’s Stratford 
campus. The Universit y of Waterloo is a research-intensive public 
institution, with the largest and most successful Co-operative education 
program in North America. In the Maclean’s Magazine national reputational 
survey, the University of Waterloo has ranked as the “Best Overall” 
university in Canada for 17 out of the last 19 years; while in the QS World 
University Rankings for 2011, Waterloo English is ranked in the top 150 
English departments in the world. 

Consideration of applications will begin on November 7th, 2011. Please 
send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and/ 
or electronic portfolio, and arrange for three letters of reference to be sent 
to: Dr. Fraser Easton, Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, 
University of Waterloo, Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 Canada. Email: englishchair@
uwaterloo.ca All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The 
University of Waterloo encourages applications from all qualified individuals, 
including women, members of visible minorities, Native peoples and 
persons with disabilities. This appointment is subject to the availability of 
funds. [R] 


U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Assistant Professor, Postcolonial Literature 

http://www.uwo.ca/english 
T he Depa r t ment of E n g l i sh , T he Un iver s it y of We ster n O nt a r io 
(http//:ww w.uwo.ca/English) invites applications for a probationar y 
(tenure-track) appointment in Postcolonial Literature and Theory at the 
rank of Assistant Professor. The successful candidate will have a primary 
research focus on literatures outside Canada and the United States. We are 
especially interested in scholars with expertise in Caribbean or African/ 
Pan-A frican literar y and cultural studies. Candidates should be able to 
teach both an undergraduate survey course in "Global Literatures" as well 
as more specia lized offer ings at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 
Duties will include commitments in research, teaching, and service. A BD 
applicants welcome with evidence of timely completion to be provided 
by referees. Positions are subject to budget approva l. Applicants should 
have fluent written and oral communication skills in English. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. The University of Western Ontario 
is committed to employment equity and welcomes applications from all 
qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people 
and persons with disabilities. Please mai l a cover letter, CV, and writing 
sample, and arrange for 3 references to be mailed to: Br yce Traister, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Western Ontario, London, 
ON Canada N6A3K7. Closing Date: November 30, 2011. [R] 


U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Assistant Professor, English Medieval Literature and Culture 15123 

http://www.uwo.ca/english 
T he Depa r t ment of E n g l i sh , T he Un iver s it y of We ster n O nt a r io 
(http//:ww w.uwo.ca/English) invites applications for a probationar y 


(tenure-track) position at the rank of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 
2012, in Cultural Studies in the Middle English period, with a particular 
area of focus in Chaucer or early Midd le English literature and the 
ability to teach “History of the English Language.” Duties will include 
commitments in research, teaching, and service. The completed PhD and 
experience and promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications. 
ABD applicants welcome with evidence of timely completion to be 
provided by referees. Positions are subject to budget approval. Applicants 
should have fluent written and oral communication skills in English. All 
qualified cand idates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
per manent residents will be g iven pr ior it y. The Universit y of Western 
Ontario is committed to employment equity and welcomes applications 
from all qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal 
people and persons with disabilities. Please mail a cover letter, CV, 
and writing sample, and arrange for 3 references to be mailed to: Br yce 
Traister, Chair, Department of English, University of Western Ontario, 
London, ON Canada N6A3K7. Closing Date: November 30, 2011. [R] 


U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Assistant Professor, American Literature 15122 

http://www.uwo.ca/english 
T he Depa r t ment of E n g l i sh , T he Un iver s it y of We ster n O nt a r io 
(http//:www.uwo.ca/English) invites applications for a probationary (tenure-
track) position at the rank of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 2012, 
in American Literature and Culture, 1845–1945. Applications from candidates 
with any area of specialization within this broad field are welcome; 
we are pa r t icu larly i nterested in A f r ican-A mer ican, Gender St ud ies, 
LGBT Studies, and/or Nationalisms. Duties will include commitments 
in research, teaching, and ser vice. The completed PhD and experience 
and promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications. ABD 
applicants welcome with evidence of timely completion to be provided 
by referees. Positions are subject to budget approva l. Appl icants should 
have fluent written and oral communication skills in English. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. The University of Western Ontario 
is committed to employment equity and welcomes applications from all 
qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people 
and persons with disabilities. Please mail a cover letter, CV, and writing 
sample, and arrange for 3 references to be mailed to: Br yce Traister, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Western Ontario, London, 
ON Canada N6A3K7. Closing Date: November 30, 2011. [R] 


U of Western Ontario 

Mod Langs & Lits, Universit y College 159 London ON N6A 3K7 
Canada 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature/Italian 15408 

http://www.uwo.ca/modlang/ 
COMPA R ATIVE LITER ATUR E /ITALIAN 
The University of Western Ontario, Department of Modern Languages 

and Literatures (http://www.uwo.ca/modlang/), invites applications for 
a Probationar y (tenure-track) position at the rank of Assistant Professor 
in Comparative Literature and Italian to begin July 1, 2012. A Ph.D. 
in Comparative Literature or Italian, a specialization in Renaissance or 
modern Italian literature, expertise in literar y theor y an asset, native or 
near-native fluency in Italian, a proven track record in teaching, and an 
excellent scholarly profile are required. Responsibilities will include undergraduate 
teaching in Italian language and literature, underg raduate 
and graduate teaching in Comparative Literature, and M.A. and Ph.D. 
thesis supervision in Comparative Literature. Send letters of application 
with curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing sample, and three letters of 
reference to Prof. Joyce Bruhn de Garavito, Chair, Department of Modern 
Languages and Literatures, The University of Western Ontario, London, 
Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7; fax 519-661-4093. Applications must be 
received by October 15, 2011. Positions are subject to budget approval. 

Applicants should have fluent written and oral communication skills in 
English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians 
and permanent residents will be given priority. The University of 
Western Ontario is committed to employment equity and welcomes applications 
from all qualified women and men, including visible minorities, 
aboriginal people and persons with disabilities. 

overseAs institutions 
U of Haifa 

English Language and Literature, Mt. Carmel Haifa 31905 IL 

Open rank fellowship with subsequent tenure evaluation 

Israeli open-rank fellowships with subsequent tenure prospects 
The Department of English at the University of Haifa, Israel, invites applications 
from Israeli citizens for open-rank Fellowships. These highly 
compet it ive fel lowsh ips—“A l lon", "Maof " and "Yad Ha nad iv"— are 
awarded and administered by the Israeli Council of Higher Education 
and the Humanities Fund and are designed to facilitate the absorption of 
returning Israelis in academic institutions in tenure-track positions. Successful 
applicants will be initial ly granted a 3-year universit y position 

with full faculty privileges and responsibilities, and are guaranteed subsequent 
tenure evaluation by the University. 
Candidates holding a Ph.D. with teaching experience and a good record 

of publications in either Poetr y, or Drama, or Early Modern Literature, 
should submit a CV and list of publications, including the names of three 
referees, as well as a short research profile. 

Application materials should be emailed to Dr. Ayelet Ben-Yishai, head of 
the Search Committee: abenyishai@univ.haifa.ac.il or posted to Dr. Ben 
Yishai c/o The Department of English University of Haifa, Mount Carmel, 
Haifa 31905, Israel. 

The Deadline for receipt of applications is October 1, 2011. 

U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Professor of Creative Writing 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
Salar y negotiable 
You wil l publish creative writing in international ly recognised outlets 

and take an active part in joint staff activities including the submission of 
funding applications .You will also be required to enhance existing research 
groups as a writer, and undertake teaching and other academic duties 
as required. Additionally you will also assume a leadership role within 
the Warwick Writing Programme. 

You will have an established internationally leading research reputation 
in the field of English and Comparative Literatures. You will have also 
shown a commitment to excellence in teaching and demonstrated leadership 
within Higher Education and/or Arts, Media and Publishing. 

For further information and to apply, please go to www.warwick.ac.uk/ 
jobs. Applications must be received by 25 November 2011. Interviews are 
likely to be held in early 2012. [R] 


U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Assistant Professor or Associate Professor in Creative Writing 15570 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
£36,862-£44,016 pa pro rata or £45,336-£52,556 pa pro rata 
Minimum 20% FTE 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


You will publish creative writing and undertake advanced research in an 
appropr iate field of study in English and Comparative Literatures. You 
will also undertake teaching and other academic duties as required within 
the Department and, additionally, attract research students to the department; 
building an appropriate research grouping of international significance 
and substance. 


You will possess an emergent or already established international standing 
in an appropriate field of study in English and Comparative Literatures. 
You will also be able to demonstrate an appropriate level of teaching experience. 


Please note that appointments at Assistant Professor level entail a period of 


probation (normally 5 years) 
For further information and to apply, please go to www.warwick.ac.uk/ 
jobs. Applications must be received by 2 December 2011. Interviews will 
take place in the week commencing 19 March 2012. [R] 


U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Assistant Professor or Associate Professor in Eighteenth-Century Literary 
Studies 15568 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
£36,862-£44,016 pa or £45,336-£52,556 pa 
You will under take advanced research in an appropr iate f ield of study 


in Eng lish and Comparative Literatures and enhance existing research 
groups in an appropriate field. You will also undertake teaching and other 
academic duties as required within the Department and additionally attract 
research students to the department, building an appropriate research 
grouping of international significance and substance. 


You will possess an emergent or already established international standing 
in an appropriate field of study in English and Comparative Literatures 
and be able to demonstrate an appropriate level of teaching experience. 


Please note that appointments at Assistant Professor level entail a period of 


probation (normally 5 years). 
For further information and to apply, please go to www.warwick.ac.uk/ 
jobs. Applications must be received by 2 December 2011. Inter views will 
take place in the week commencing 19 March 2012. [R] 


U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Assistant Professor in American Literature and Culture from 1900 to the 
prese nt 15571 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
£36,862-£41,489 pa 
You will undertake advanced research in an appropriate field of study in 

English and Comparative Literar y Studies and wil l add to the Depar tment’s 
international research profile. You will attract research students to 
the Department. You wil l also under take teaching and other academic 
duties in the Department, as required. You also be able to demonstrate an 
appropriate level of teaching experience. 

Any twentieth-or twenty-first centur y period or speciality will be considered, 
but candidates should demonstrate engagement with the changing 
dynamics of the field, including (though not limited to) evolving interests 
in world literature; transatlantic and hemispheric studies; critical theor y; 
digital, graphic, and print cultural studies; gender and sexuality studies; 
comparative race and ethnicity studies; and other innovative frameworks. 
We seek candidates with an active interest in program building and a 
willingness to teach on required American pathway modules, while developing 
new offerings at both undergraduate and graduate levels. 

Please note that appointments at Assistant Professor level entail a period of 
probation (normally 5 years). 

For further information and to apply, please go to www.warwick.ac.uk/ 
jobs. Applications must be received by 2 December 2011. Interviews will 
take place in the week commencing 19 March 2012. 

U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Professor of Modern and Contemporary World Literatures 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
Salar y negotiable 
You wil l undertake advanced research and enhance existing research 

groups in an appropriate f ield of studies in English and Comparative 
Literatures. Assuming a leadership role in the Department, you will undertake 
teaching and other academic duties as required for both undergraduate 
and graduate students. 

You will have an established internationally leading research reputation 
in the field of English and Comparative Literatures. You will also have 
shown a commitment to excellence in teaching and demonstrated leadership 
within Higher Education. 

For further information and to apply, please go to www.warwick.ac.uk/ 
jobs. Applications must be received by 25 November 2011. Interviews are 
likely to be held in early 2012. [R] 


Ya le U 

English, PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Open rank. Literature. Yale-NUS College. 

http://www.ync.nus.sg 
The newly established Ya le-N US College in Singapore announces the 
availability of faculty positions at all ranks and in all areas of the humanities, 
arts, and social and natural sciences. Yale-NUS College seeks outstanding 
teacher-scholars at every stage of their career who are eager to be 

part of the inaugural faculty, who are committed to innovative pedagogy, 
who are active researchers and who enjoy close mentoring of 
students. We expect to hire approximately 100 facult y in the next few 

years as the student body increases. This year, we seek to hire at least five 

tenured or tenure-track faculty in literature. 
Field is open; candidates should be enthusiastic about contributing to an 
interdisciplinar y common curriculum in the liberal arts with a focus on 

East-West comparison. New faculty may start their appointment either in 
mid-2012 or mid-2013. Salar y and leave policies will be competitive at an 
international level. 

The College values diversity and is committed to equality of opportunity. 
All particulars of the application process can be found at www.ync.nus.sg 
Review of applications begins on November 1, 2011, and will continue 

until positions are filled. [R] 


Yonsei U 

Underwood International College, 134 Shinchon-dong, Sudaemun-ku 
Seoul 120 –749 K R 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 

http://uic.yonsei.ac.kr 
The Underwood International College of Yonsei University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of Comparative 
Literature to teach at the International campus in Songdo, Incheon, 
located within the greater Seoul metropolitan region. The specialization 
is open, but the ideal candidate should be able to teach courses in one or 
more of the fol lowing areas: postcolonial studies, world literature, Renaissance 
and Baroque literatures, or critical theory. Applicants must have 
strong research credentials and a firm commitment to liberal arts undergraduate 
education. 


Teaching responsibilities are 6 credit-hours (2 classes) per semester. The 
preferred starting date is March 2012. Compensation includes competitive 
salar y, health insurance and other benefits, fully-subsidized housing (for 
up to 6 years), and a generous relocation and start-up package. 

Yonsei University's Underwood International College is a highly competitive 
program at South Korea's most prestigious private universit y, 
and combines the intimate atmosphere and low student-faculty ratio of 
a liberal arts college with the resources of a major research university. All 
instruction is in English, and the student body represents over 25 different 
countries. As part of Yonsei University’s continuing effort to increase 
facult y diversit y, we are only accepting applications from non-Korean 
citizens. 

Interested appl icants should send a short letter of application, including 
a statement of teaching philosophy, dissertation abstract, and c.v. by 
email:(uic@ yonsei.ac.kr). Review of applications wil l take place f rom 
September 30, 2011. Short-listed candidates will be asked to submit 3 letters 
of recommendation, a writing sample, sample syllabi, and teaching 
evaluations. For additional information, please contact Prof. Helen Lee 
(helenlee@ yonsei.ac.kr). Prospective applicants are also encouraged to 
look at our website at 

http://uic.yonsei.ac.kr. 

postdoCtor Al listinGs 
Amer ican A ntiquarian Society 

Department of Academic Prog rams, 185 Salisbur y Street Worcester 
MA 01609 

Hench Post-Dissertation Fellowship at the American Antiquarian Society 
15269 

http://www.americanantiquarian.org 
Scholars within three years of receipt of the Ph.D. are invited to apply for 
the Hench Post-Dissertation Fellowship, a year-long residential fellowship 
at the American Antiquarian Society. The fellowship is intended to provide 
time and resources to extend research and/or to revise the dissertation 
for publication. Any topic relevant to the Society's library collections 
and programmatic scope—all aspects of American histor y, literature, and 
culture from contact to 1876—is eligible. The twelve-month stipend for 
this fellowship is $35,000. Selection is based on the applicant's scholarly 
qualifications, the appropriateness of the project to the Society's collections, 
and the likelihood that the project w il l result in a high ly significant 
book. Further information and application materials are available on 
the AAS website. Questions may be directed to Paul Erickson, Director 
of Academic Programs, at perickson@mwa.org. AAS does not conduct 
conference interviews for this fellowship. The deadline for applications is 
October 15, 2011. 

Brown U 

Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women, Box 1958 
Providence R I 02912 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 15089 

http://www.pembrokecenter.org 
In 2012–13, the Pembroke Center is awarding residential postdoctoral fellowships 
to scholars from any field whose research relates to the theme 
of “Economies of Perception”. See www.pembrokecenter.org for full de


scription. Fellows are required to participate in a weekly research seminar 
and teach one undergraduate course. 
Candidates are selected on the basis of their scholarly potential and the 

relevance of their work to the research theme. Recipients must have a 
Ph.D. and may not hold a tenured position. Brown University is an EEO/ 
AA employer. The Center strongly encourages underrepresented minority 
scholars to apply. 

The term of appointment is July 1, 2012-June 30, 2013. The stipend is 
$50,000, plus a supplement for health insurance. For application instruc


t ions see w w w.pembrokecenter.org, or cont act Pembroke _Center@ 
Brown.edu. The deadline for applications is December 8, 2011. Selections 
will be announced in March. 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Postdoctoral teaching fellowship in Children's Literature 

http://www.jobs.cmich.edu 
The Department of English Language and Literature at Central Michigan 
University invites applications for a two-year postdoctoral teaching fellowship 
in Children’s Literature to begin January 2012. Secondary specialization 
is open but experience teaching composition is required. The 
successful candidate will teach three classes per semester in Children’s Literature 
and/or composition, as well as take on some departmental service 
duties. Evidence of successful teaching experience required. The salar y 
and benefits package are commensurate with that of a beginning assistant 
professor. Candidates for this position must have received their PhD in 
English Studies or a related field w ithin the past three years. Access to 
the online application process is at www.jobs.cmich.edu. Send a letter of 
application, c.v., three letters of recommendation, copies of official transcripts, 
and evidence of teaching excellence by October 28th to receive 
full consideration. Questions may be addressed to Dr. William Wandless, 
Department Chair, at (989) 774-3171 or english@cmich.edu. [R] 


Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Mellon Diversity Doctoral/Postdoctoral Fellowship 

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/english/ 
The Department of English at Cornel l Universit y solicits applications 
for doctoral/postdoctoral diversity fellowships from scholars who show 
prom ise of distinguished research careers. Elig ible applicants m ight be 
from underrepresented groups, have faced economic hardship, be first-
generation college graduates, or work on topics related to these areas. 
Both three-year combination doctoral-postdoctoral fellowships and two-
year postdoctoral fellowships are available. A fellowship will be awarded 
only if the department believes the applicant would make a ver y strong 
candidate for a tenure-track position that the department expects to have 
open in the next two-to-three years. 2012–13 award levels—doctoral: 
$31,000; postdoctoral: $56,000. Applications should be submitted electronically 
and should include a cover letter discussing both research and 
teaching, a curriculum vitae, a dissertation abstract, a writing sample, and 
letters of recommendation. The deadline for receipt of applications is November 
1. Send applications to vlb3@cornell.edu. For more information, 
see http://as.cornell.edu/academics/opportunities/diversity-fellowships/ 
index.cfm. [R] 


Duke U 

Thompson Writing Prog ram, Box 90025, 113 Art Bldg Durham NC 
27708 

Lectur ing Fellow 15252 

http://twp.duke.edu 
Lecturing Fellows 
Thompson Writing Program 
Duke University 
We anticipate offering several postdoctoral fellowships on a multidisci


plinary faculty charged with teaching an innovative first-year course in 
Academic Writing. We seek candidates with a Ph.D. in any field and a 
demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching. Fellows are asked 
to draw on their disciplinary training and interests to design a seminar-
style course introducing students to academic writing. Teaching load is 
five sections of Academic Writing per year, with each section limited to 
12 students. Appointment is at a level of Lecturing Fellow (non-tenure-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


track), starting July 1, 2012. Contract is for an initial three years, renewable 
after successful review for two more years. Salar y is competitive with 
a strong benefits package, and with opportunities for professional development. 
To apply use our on line application for m at: http://twp.duke 
.edu/fellowships Send us your CV, a letter in which you discuss your 
aims in teaching Academic Writing, a brief proposal for a writing seminar 
modeled on course synopses posted on our website: http://twp.duke.edu/ 
writing-20 We may subsequently ask you to provide other supporting 
materials, including a more detailed course outline, and teaching materials. 
If you are unable to apply online, you may mail hard copies to Denise 
Comer, Chair, Lecturing Fellows Search, Thompson Writing Program, 
Duke Universit y, Box 90025, Durham, NC 27708-0025. Applications 
received by 11:59 PM EST (Eastern Standard Time) October 15, 2011, 
will be guaranteed consideration. Duke is an Affi rmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. 

Hamilton C 

English and Creative Writing, 198 College Hill Rd Clinton N Y 13323 

Postdoctoral Fellowship in Asian Studies 15138 

http://hamilton.edu 
The Asian Studies Program of Hamilton College invites applications for a 
two-year teaching post-doctoral fellowship for a scholar in any discipline 
in the Humanities or Social Sciences working on Southeast Asia to begin 
July 1, 2012. We are especially interested in interdisciplinary teaching and 
research. Preference given to recent PhDs by the time of appointment, but 
ABDs will be considered. Applicants must possess a demonstrated commitment 
to excellence in research and teaching and fluency with an Asian 
language. The successful candidate will teach three courses a year and 
be housed in the department of his or her discipline. The annual stipend 

is $50,000 for the candidate with degree in hand and $5,000 to support 
scholarship. 
Send a letter of application, c.v., disser tation abstract ( Dissertation Ab


st racts On l ine ver sion), th ree let ter s of recom mendat ion, and course 
syllabi to asianpd1@hamilton.edu. Electronic submission of materials is 
preferred, otherwise send materials to Professor Thomas Wilson, Southeast 
Asian Studies Search Committee Chair, Hamilton College, 198 College 
Hill Road, Clinton, NY, 13323. Deadline: November 1, 2011. [R] 


Harvard U 

Mahindra Humanities Center at Harvard, 12 Quincy Street 
Cambridge M A 02138 

Postdoctoral Fellow 15563 

http://mahindrahumanities.fas.harvard.edu 
The Mahindra Humanities Center at Har vard Universit y is accepting 
appl icat ions for it s 2 012–13 postdoctora l fel lowsh ip prog ra m. Appl i-
cants must have received the Ph.D. after May 2009. Applicants without 
the Ph.D. must demonstrate that they will receive the Ph.D. in or before 


June 2012. Completed applications must be postmarked by November 15, 
2011. 
Fellowships will be awarded to suppor t projects that share the Center’s 


commitment to interdisciplinarity and internationalism. The Center welcomes 
applications from all fields within the humanities and the a l lied 
social sciences. Despite the great diversity among humanities disciplines, 
they are joined in their commitment to the spirit of informed and independent 
interpretation—for individuals and groups—as a process crucial 
to making judgments about the relationship between facts and values. The 
Mahindra Humanities Center has taken on the role of exploring this important 
ethical and epistemological dimension of the humanities. 


Fellows wil l receive stipends of $55,000, individual medica l insurance, 
moving assistance of $1,500, and additional research support of $2,500. 


Massachusetts Inst of Technology 

School of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences, Bldg E-51 255 77 
Massachusetts Ave Cambridge MA 02139 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 

http://shass.mit.edu/graduate/mellon_postdoctoral_fellowship 
Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 
MIT seeks applications for the Mel lon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the 


Humanities. Two Mellon fellows will be selected for a two-year appointment, 
effective July 1, 2012. Fellows will teach one course in Spring 2013 
and one per semester the following year. Applicants should have received 
their Ph.D. no earlier than July 1, 2009, and no later than July 1, 2012. 
The successful candidates’ work will be truly interdisciplinar y in nature, 
within the humanities, or bridging from the humanities to science, technology, 
or architecture. 


Detailed infor mation regarding application mater ials and how to apply 
can be found here: http://shass.mit.edu/graduate/mellon_postdoctoral_ 
fellowship 


Applications can be submitted starting on Thursday, September 1st and 
must be received no later than Monday, December 5th. Late or incomplete 
applications will not be considered. 


For more information, please contact Britta Bell at shass-mellon@mit.edu 
or at 617.715.4525. 
MIT is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Princeton U 

Societ y of Fellows in the Liberal Arts, 10 Joseph Henry House 
Princeton NJ 08544 

Fellow/Lecturer 15088 

http://www.princeton.edu/sf 
Princeton Societ y of Fel lows invites applications for three-year postdoctoral 
fellowships 2012–2015 for recent PhDs (from Jan. 2010) in humanities 
or allied social sciences. Four appointments to pursue research 
and teach half-time in the following areas: Open discipline (two fellowships); 
Humanistic Studies; East Asian Studies. Stipend 2012–13: approx. 
$76,000. Application postmark deadline: September 30, 2011. For eligibility, 
fellowship and application details, see website www.princeton.edu/ 
sf [R] 


R ice U 

Center for the Study of Women, Gender, & Sexuality, 6100 Main St, 
MS 30 Houston TX 77005 

Postdoctoral Fellow 15521 

http://cswgs.rice.edu 
The Center for the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality at Rice University 
announces two postdoctoral fellowships in the humanities or social 
sciences for scholars pursuing research and publication projects that focus 
on gender and health; gender and urban studies; women in the global 
economy; sex, race, and nation; or sexuality studies. The Center is particularly 
interested in applicants who demonstrate a record of innovative 

teaching and the potential to make a contribution to the Center’s program 
in engaged feminist research. 
Ph.D. is required prior to appointment. Each fellowship has a term of 

two years beginning in August 2012. Recipients will teach two courses 
in women’s/gender/sexuality studies per year and will play an active role 
in the intellectual life of the Center. Rice will provide an annual salar y of 
$40,000 plus benefits. Rice University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/
Affirmative Action employer. 

Please send letter of interest, curriculum vita, dossier with a minimum of 
three references, and a writing sample (about 25 pages), plus a sample syllabus 
(including a detailed course outline and recommended reading list) 


for the course SWGS 101 “Introduction to the Study of Women, Gender, 
and Sexuality.” This course surveys issues in the study of gender, such as 
women's social, political, and legal status in the US and globally; feminist 
perspectives on the body, sexuality, race, globalization, labor, and culture; 
and the implications of these perspectives for social and critical theor y. In 
addition, the course introduces the concept of engaged research and the 
public service components of feminist activity. 

Send materials to Postdoctoral Search Committee, Center for the Study 
of Women, Gender, and Sexualit y MS -38, Rice Universit y, P.O. Box 
1892, Houston, TX 77251-1892. 

Postmark deadline for applications is Tuesday, January 17, 2012. 

R ice U 

English, 6100 Main St, MS 30 Houston TX 77005 

Postdoctoral Fellowships 15178 

http://hrc.rice.edu 
Rice Universit y’s Humanities Research Center seeks postdoctoral fellows 
for two programs from humanities fields and interdisciplinary fields. 
The Mellon Postdoctoral program fosters interdisciplinar y research and 
awards three 2-year fellows $40,000 salary, benefits eligibility and a re-
search/relocation allowance, to teach two courses/year, participate in the 
center’s intellectual life, and progress in their research. For details and 
to apply: www.hrc.rice.edu/postdoc.aspx. The Mellon-Sawyer Seminar 
program awards one 1-year fellow $50,000 salar y, benefits eligibility and 
a research/relocation allowance. Scholars will engage in programming on 
energy, energy transitions or environmental impacts of energy such as climate 
change. For details and to apply: www.hrc.rice.edu/energy. Deadline 
for both fellowships: November 30, 2011. 

Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in English 15444 

http://english.rutgers.edu 
The School of Arts and Sciences and the Department of English at Rutgers 
Universit y are pleased to announce the availability of a two-year 
postdoctoral fellowship in the Department of English, supported by the 
Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. Fellows will receive stipends of $51,500 
annual ly as well as an annual research allocation of $2,000; they wil l 
also receive Rutgers University health benefits. Fellows will teach three 
courses dur ing the two-year term, pursue research, and participate in 
seminars and other activities at the Center for Cultural Analysis. We are 
looking for new or recent Ph.D.s in English with interdisciplinar y approaches 
to literary study. These approaches might include, but are not 


limited to, cognitive science, digital humanities, legal studies, new media, 
and visual culture. 
Applications, consisting of a CV, a 2500 -word description of their re


search and its significance, and 3 letters of recom mendation, should be 
submitted electronically at https://secure.sas.rutgers.edu/apps/facsearch/ 
(search for “Mel lon Postdoctoral Fel lowship” for listing under English 
Department). Applications must be received by Januar y 17, 2011. Candidates 
must have received the Ph.D. after August 31, 2007; applicants must 
have finished all requirements for the Ph.D. by July 1, 2012. 


Rutgers University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
The institution values diversity in its faculty, staff, and students and especially 
encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. 


U of California, Los Angeles 

Royce Humanities Group, Royce Hall, Room 212 Box 951539 Los 
Angeles CA 90095 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities “Cultures in 
Transnational Perspective 

http://www.humnet.ucla.edu/mellon 
The Division of Humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
is currently accepting applications for the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctora 
l Fel lowsh ips in the Hu man ities “Cu lt ures in Tra nsnationa l 
Perspective”. We expect to appoint two or more fellows for a 1-year term 
renewable for a second year beginning in the fall of 2012. Fellows must 
have earned their doctoral deg ree no earlier than Januar y 2007 and no 
later than June 2012. The Mellon Fellowship provides a salar y of $53,000 
a year plus benefits, a one-time moving allowance of $1,500, and a research 
budget of $3,500. All fellows will have the title of Visiting Assistant 
Professor and will be housed in relevant home departments for which 
they teach two courses. Appointments begin on July 1, 2012 and visas/ 
work authorizations must be effective by that date. Fellows are required 
to be in residence during fall, winter and spring quarters and participate 
in the monthly Mellon Seminars and annual Mellon Conference, as well 
as the on-going intellectual life of their home departments. Fellows will 
also write a progress report due on June 15th of each year of residence. 
Designed to explore the emerging field of Transnational Studies, the aim 
of the Mellon Program at UCLA is to broaden the study of minority cultures 
from its national focus to global and comparative perspectives. We 
seek innovative scholarship that explores minority cultures as major components 
of world culture and histor y, generated by im m igrant and minority 
writers, artists, filmmakers, playwrights, and musicians residing in 
metropolitan centers across the world and thereby reshaping the canons 
of literature, art, and music in their respective countries. To apply, please 
visit our website at http://www.humnet.ucla.edu/mellon. All application 
materials are due by December 1, 2011 (please note new application deadline). 
The program is co-chaired by Professors Françoise Lionnet (French 
and Francophone Studies; Comparative Literature) and Shu-mei Shih 
(Asian Languages and Cultures; Comparative Literature). [R] 


U of Chicago 

The College, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637 

Collegiate Assistant Professor 

http://www.uchicago.edu 
THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO SOCIETY OF FELLOWS 
GEN ER A L E DUCATION T EACH ING F ELLOWSHIPS IN TH E 

HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCES 
Position Title: Collegiate Assistant Professor 
The Universit y of Chicago Societ y of Fel lows is now accepting appli


cations for four-year postdoctoral teaching appointments as Harper and 
Schmidt Fellows who hold the rank of Collegiate Assistant Professor. The 
Fellows are members of the College Faculty whose primar y responsibility 
is to teach in the general education (Core) program. 

Core courses in the Humanities t ypica l ly deal with fundamental issues 
and texts in history, philosophy, and literature. Currently, the Core is organized 
into seven year-long sequences: Readings in World Literature; 
Human Being and Citizen; Greek Thought and Literature; Philosophical 
Perspectives on the Humanities; Media Aesthetics; Reading Cultures; 
and Language and the Human. For a description of these sequences see: 
https://fellows.uchicago.edu/humanities.shtml 

Core courses in the Social Sciences explore, on the basis of significant 
works, the fundamental concepts and the different modes of inquiry that 
have defined the social sciences in the modern period. Currently, Fellows 
teach in four of the year-long sequences into which the Core is organized: 
Self, Culture and Society; Classics of Social and Political Thought; and 
Power, Identit y, and Resistance; and Social Science Inquir y. For a description 
of these sequences see: https://fellows.uchicago.edu/social_sciences.
shtml 


Some Fellows also teach in the Histor y of European Civilization Core sequence. 
European Civilization is taught on the basis of intensive readings 
of significant primar y source documents. 


For a description of the sequence see: https://fellows.uchicago.edu/histor y 


.shtml 
The positions are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization 
who will have completed all requirements for their Ph.D. degree no 
later than August 31, 2012. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in 
their original scholarship as well as in teaching. 


In most years, Fellows teach two courses (usually of identical preparation) 
for each of three quarters. Each Fellow also has the opportunity to design 
an independent course and each is eligible for one quarter of research sabbatical 
in the third year of residence. The annual salar y for 2012–13 will 
be $58,500. The effective date for these teaching appointments is September 
1, 2012. 


To apply for these positions, please see our web site at http://fellows.uchicago.
edu. The web site will be available to accept applications beginning 
September 8, 2011. 


On line applications must be completed by Tuesday, November 1, 2011. 


Letters of recommendation must be submitted online or received in a dossier 
by Tuesday, 
November 15, 2011. 
TH E U N I V ERSIT Y OF CHICAGO IS A N A FFIR M ATI V E AC 


TION, EQUAL OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER 


U of Pennsylvania 

English, 127 Fisher-Bennett Hall 3340 Walnut St Philadelphia PA 
19104 

Postdoctoral Teaching Fellow 15421 

http://http:www.sas.upenn.edu/deans-office/Mellon 
MELLON POSTDOCTOR AL TEACHING FELLOWSHIPS 
In the Humanities and Humanistic Social Sciences 2012–2014 
The School of A r t s and Sciences i nv ites appl icants for four t wo-yea r 

postdoctoral teaching fellowships in the humanities and humanistic social 
sciences. Fellows will teach one course per term. Eligibility is limited 
to applicants who will have received their Ph.D. within t wo years 
pr ior to the time they begin their fel lowship at Penn (August, 2010 or 
later). $49,440 stipend. Application deadline: November 30, 2011. We are 
especially seeking fellows in Anthropology (specializing in medical anthropolog 
y and Africa), English (specializing in Anglo Saxon language, 
literature, and culture), French (specializing in Renaissance literature and 
culture), Music History, and Sexuality Studies and Queer Theory (with 
some knowledge of Trans Studies). 

For guidelines and application, see the School of Arts and Sciences website 
[http:www.sas.upenn.edu/deans-office/Mellon] or write: 
Office of the Dean 
School of Arts and Sciences 
University of Pennsylvania 
1 College Hall, Room 116 

Philadelphia, PA 19104-6377 
The University of Pennsylvania is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer; women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged 
to apply. 

U of Pennsylvania 

Rom Langs, 255 S 36th St, 521 Williams Hall Philadelphia PA 19104 

Mellon Postdoctoral Teaching Fellowship 15538 

http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/ 
The School of A r t s and Sciences i nv ites appl icants for four t wo-yea r 
postdoctoral teaching fellowships in the humanities and humanistic social 
sciences. Fellows will teach one course per term. Eligibility is lim


ited to applicants who will have received their Ph.D. within t wo years 
pr ior to the time they begin their fel lowship at Penn (August, 2010 or 
later). $49,440 stipend. Application deadline: November 30, 2011. We are 
especially seeking fellows in Anthropology (specializing in medical anthropolog 
y and Africa), English (specializing in Anglo Saxon language, 
literature, and culture), French (specializing in Renaissance literature and 
culture), Music History, and Sexuality Studies and Queer Theory (with 
some knowledge of Trans Studies). 

For guidelines and application, see the School of Arts and Sciences website 
[http:www.sas.upenn.edu/deans-office/Mellon] or write: 
Office of the Dean 
School of Arts and Sciences 
University of Pennsylvania 
1 College Hall, Room 116 

Philadelphia, PA 19104-6377 
The University of Pennsylvania is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer; women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 


U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Postdoctoral Scholar 15458 

http://english.usf.edu 
Renewable Postdoctoral Scholarships for 2012–13 beginning August 6. 


Teaching 1–1. Salar y $40,000. Doctoral degree 2009 or later. Candidates 
who defend dissertations by May 1, 2012 considered. 
Application should include: 


1. Letter stating interest. Say (i) How your research and teaching would 
contribute to theme “Global Change in a Dynamic World.” Possible subtopics 
include technology and information; communication and language 
development; cultural diasporas; ethnicity, gender, and aging issues; cultural 
heritage and histories; citizenship; identity; economic, educational, 
and environmental disparities; peace and conf lict; ethics; and human 
rights. Both past and contemporary perspectives may be considered. (ii) 
How you would contribute to goals of USF Strategic Plan (http://www 
.ods.usf.edu/plans/strategic/). (iii) Department with which you would 
like to be affi liated. (iv) Teaching experience and courses you would like 
to offer. (v) Your long-term goals. 
2. A curriculum vitae. 
3. Two reference letters. 
4. Scanned copies of up to three published papers. 
5. Scanned copies of all transcripts. 
Send by December 9 to: 
USF Graduate School at postdoc@usf.edu 
See http://www.grad.usf.edu/provostinitiative2012.asp for full information. 
[R] 


U of Toronto 

English, 170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada 

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in the Humanities 

http://humanities.utoronto.ca 
The Jackman Humanities Institute at the University of Toronto is pleased 
to announce Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities. 
Three Fellows will be selected for a two-year fellowship on the basis 

of accomplishment, promise of excellence, and relevance of their research 
to the 2012–13 theme, Food: 
Food is a basic human need. It shapes desires and yields many kinds of en


joyment. The humanities explore food from diverse perspectives seeing it 
both as an object produced and consumed and also as the means and symbol 
of our human relations. The diversity of what we eat (and don’t eat) 
and of how food is produced and shared shapes cultures, com munities, 


nations, and empires. Refracted through literature, religion, and art, food 
is a central lens for exploring human histor y and the patterns of our interaction. 
Hunger, as an index of poverty and of environmental disaster, provides 
a reversed lens with which we can explore justice and ethics. How 
humans get what they eat, from near and far, is basic to ways of inhabiting 
places on the earth and relating to other species. From hunter-gatherers to 
communal gardens, feudal farming to agribusiness, food and the systems 
that provide it are matched by a diversity of the tables at which we eat— 
food for celebration, sustenance, display, competition, joy and sorrow. 

Fellowships begin 1 July 2012. Eligibility: Ph.D. between 1 July 2009 and 
30 May 2012. 
Apply at www.humanities.utoronto.ca by December 1, 2011: 


1. userID registration 
2. online application form (click Funding, select Post-doctoral Fellowships) 
3. Uploads: 
a. 2–4 page letter of application explaining the link(s) between your research 
and the 2012–2013 theme, outlining the research to be undertaken 
during the fellowship 
b. full curriculum vitae 
c. published work, dissertation chapter, or work in progress (not to exceed 
25–30 pages) 
d. 2–4 page statement of teaching interests including course proposals. 
4. Names and email addresses of three references (we will send an automatic 
reference letter request). 
Only completed electronic applications subm itted through the website 
will be considered (no paper, faxes, or email submissions please). [R] 


Va l pa r a i so U 

Lilly Fellows Program, Linwood House Valparaiso IN 46383 

Residential Teaching Fellowship 

http://www.lillyfellows.org 
We of fer three t wo-year residential postdoctora l teaching fellowships 
in the areas of Humanities and the Arts for 2012–2014 for scholars seriously 
considering academic vocations in church related institutions. Ph.D, 
D.M.A., D.F.A., M.F.A., or equivalent terminal degree must have been 
received within 20 months up to and including August 2012. Fellows will 
teach seven courses over a two year period; engage in scholarship or creative 
work; participate in a two year colloquium; work with a VU faculty 
mentor; and interact with representatives from a national network of 
church related institutions. Faculty privileges; $45,000 stipend per year 
plus benefits, professional fund. For more information, visit www.lillyfellows.
org or contact the Lilly Fellows Program at 219-464-5317. Application 
deadline: November 1, 2011. EOA/AA 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


