Modern Language Association

JOB
INFORMATION 

LIST

ENGLISH EDITION • DECEMBER 2011

CONTENTS

Accessing the JIL Database . inside front cover

Information for Candidates . i

MLA Annual Convention . ii

List of Administrations Censured by the AAUP . iv

Departmental Job Listings

US Colleges and Universities . 1
Canadian Institutions . 52
Overseas Institutions . 53
Postdoctoral Listings . 54

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English

Subscription Information

The print version of the Job Information List is published five times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, April, and Summer. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. 
The List is sent by standard mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all other areas; 
delivery should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are projected dates 
only and are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org.

 December issue 18 November 2011 
February issue 17 February 2012 
April issue 13 April 2012 
Summer issue 27 July 2012

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org).







Accessing the Job 
Information List Database

Access to search the MLA Job Information List database is available through membership in either the 
Association of Departments of English (ADE) or the Association of Departments of Foreign Languages 
(ADFL). Access to search the JIL database is free to graduate students and faculty members in departments 
that are members of the ADE or the ADFL. PDF files of the print issues are available free of charge 
at the MLA Web site. The October print issues reproduce ads made available online when the List becomes 
available for searching on 15 September. Subsequent issues contain new job listings submitted by 
the print deadlines.

AFFILIATE MEMBERSHIP 

Individuals without an academic affiliation or whose departments are not currently members of the ADE 
or the ADFL can access the JIL by becoming affiliate members of the ADE or the ADFL. Like students and 
faculty members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments, ADE and ADFL affiliate members receive access 
to the online archive of the ADE or the ADFL bulletins as well as rights to search the JIL database. Dues 
for affiliate memberships are $40 for MLA members and $65 for nonmembers. Affiliate memberships can 
be purchased online beginning in August with a credit card and are for the use of a single individual only. 

• To purchase an affiliate membership in ADE (provides access to English listings) or in ADFL (provides 
access to foreign language listings), go to www.mla.org/jil_subscribe.

• If you already have an affiliate membership, you can search English listings at www.ade.org or foreign 
language listings at www.adfl.org. If you are an MLA member, you can log in at www .mla 
.org/jil. 

MLA MEMBERS’ BENEFIT: SEARCHING THE JIL

If your department is a member of the ADE or the ADFL, you will be able to search the Job Information List 
database directly from the members’ section of the MLA Web site by following these steps:

1. Log in with your MLA membership user name and password at http://www.mla.org. You may retrieve 
or change your user name and password at http://www.mla.org/member_changepw.

2. Follow the link to the Job Information List under the “Quick Links” section of the home page.

3. Select the edition of the JIL (English or foreign language) that you’d like to search.

Free access to search the MLA Job Information List database continues to be a benefit of departmental 
membership in ADE and ADFL. If the department information in your MLA member record is incomplete 
or incorrect, you’ll be given the opportunity to update your profile so that we can check on your 
department’s membership status. 







Information for Candidates

In This Issue

The December issue contains notices describing approximately 256 definite and possible positions. Readers should note that 
departments 
are not encouraged to repeat listings that have appeared in the October issue. If a notice published in the October 
JIL does not reappear 
in this issue, readers should not assume that the position is no longer available. The only reliable guide to 
application is to check the deadline reported in the original notice or a current announcement in this List.

Guide for Using the Job Information List

US and Canadian Departments

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by language, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies and 
notices from departments that expect no vacancies but would nevertheless 
like to keep vitae on file.

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this time. Send 
letters only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your 
qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies are expected but that 
the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write.

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections

Notices in these fields have been separated from the main body of 
the issue and placed under the appropriate heading.

General Advice for Candidates

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, 
and other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau 
to any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page 
vita to enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter 
of application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be 
interviewed at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings 
provide a convenient opportunity for such interviews (see MLA 
convention information on pp. ii–iii).

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys indicate 
that only about half of all English and foreign language departments 
have begun recruiting by the end of December and that the majority 
of departments do not complete the recruiting process until spring, 
in some cases until summer.

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographic area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges, where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds.

Notice on Tenure Policies

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices 
in their departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, 
candidates are urged to inquire about these policies.

Acknowledgment of Applications

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications for announced positions either 
by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by applicants.

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in February 2000.

It is MLA policy that:

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for 
the cost of such shipment; and

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other 
materials; and

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews.

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i







ii ENGLISH EDITION • DECEMBER 2011





MLA Annual Convention

The annual convention of the Modern Language Association will be held in Seattle, 5–8 January 2012. The Job Information 
Center will be located in the Conference Center, Washington State Convention Center (3rd floor), for both English and foreign 
languages. Job candidates, 
departmental administrators, and representatives who wish to use the facilities of the Job 
Information Center must be registered for the convention. The following services will be provided:

(1) MLA Convention Location Information. Information about interview 
locations at the annual convention can now be submitted online 
in advance of and during the convention, so interviewers no longer 
have to come to the Job Information Center in person unless 
they are interviewing there. The information is used by MLA 
staff members at the Job Information Center to help individual 
job seekers who have scheduled interviews find the location of 
their interviews; it is not made available online, and job seekers 
are not permitted to browse interview location information in 
any form. Interviewers can log in with their department ID and 
two-letter JIL submission password at www.mla.org/jil_dept and 
provide any of the following information to help scheduled interviewees 
locate the interview and, if necessary, contact the interview 
team: location of interviews (either the interview area at the 
Job Information Center or a hotel, including room number), name 
of interviewer(s), and cell phone number of interviewer(s). Interviewers 
who do not submit their information online must come 
to the Job Information Center to provide the information. Interviewers 
using the interview area at the Job Information Center 
must come to the interview area in person to have a table assigned. 
The sign-in desk will be open from 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. on 
5 January, from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. on 6 January, from 9:00 a.m. 
to 6:00 p.m. on 7 January, and from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon on 
8 January. 

(2) Counseling Service. The Job Information Center counseling service 
affords job seekers the opportunity to discuss individual employment 
problems with experienced department administrators. Although 
counselors cannot help candidates obtain interviews, they 
can and will offer objective, concrete advice on such matters as the 
appropriate content and presentation of vitae and letters of application, 
the kinds of institutions to which candidates might most profitably 
apply, and realistic approaches to job interviews. Counselors 
will be on hand at the center to speak with interested candidates 
from 10:15 a.m. until 5:15 p.m. on 6 and 7 January. Appointments 
can be arranged through the staff member on duty in the interview 
area of the job center.

(3) Interview Area. For the convenience of departmental representatives 
and candidates, there will be an interview area for English and 
foreign languages within the Job Information Center. Interviewers 
who wish to use this area should schedule their own interviews 
either by letter before the convention or by leaving messages at the 
message center. Table assignments in the interview area, which will 
be open from 12:00 noon until 8:00 p.m. on 5 January, from 8:00 
a.m. until 8:00 p.m. on 6 January, from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. 
on 7 January, and from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon on 8 January, 
will be given to departmental representatives on a first-come, first-
served basis. MLA staff members will be on duty in the area to assist 
interviewers and candidates.

(4) Vacancy Notices. A list of job openings received too late to be 
included 
in the December Job Information List will be posted on 
bulletin 
boards in the Job Information Center. Departmental representatives 
who have last-minute vacancies should submit detailed 
descriptions of these to an MLA staff member in the center, who 
will see that they are posted on the boards. Such notices may also 
appear in the February Job Information List so that candidates who 
do not attend the convention will have an opportunity to apply.

(5) Message Center. Open from 12:00 noon until 8:00 p.m. on 5 January, 
from 8:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. on 6 January, from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 
p.m. on 7 January, and from 9:00 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. on 8 January, 
the message center will help candidates and interviewers who have 
corresponded before the convention establish specific interview 
times and places. The message center will not be useful to those who 
leave messages at random for persons who may not even be in attendance 
at the convention. Such messages are not picked up, and they 
serve only to defeat the purpose of the center.

Although every effort will be made to assist candidates and interviewers 
in the Job Information Center, it should be noted that the MLA does not 
have the facilities for introducing candidates and interviewers who have not corresponded 
before the convention.

There is very little open interviewing at the convention. 
Job candidates who do not have prearranged 
interviews should not plan to attend for the sole 
purpose of seeking employment.



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST iii





Meetings of Interest to Job Candidates and Interviewers 
at the MLA Convention

 2. A Nonteaching Academic Job Search. Thursday, 5 January, 
8:30–11:30 a.m., 618, WSCC

 3. Strategies for Search Committees in Foreign Languages. 
Thursday, 5 January, 11:45 a.m.–1:15 p.m., 206, WSCC

 4. Preconvention Workshop for Job Seekers in Foreign Languages. 
Thursday, 5 January, 11:45 a.m.–1:15 p.m., 2A, WSCC

 5. Preconvention Workshop for Job Seekers in English. Thursday, 
5 January, 11:45 a.m.–1:15 p.m., 2B, WSCC

 93. Professional Employment Practices for Non-Tenure-Track 
Faculty Members. Thursday, 5 January, 3:30–4:45 p.m., 617, 
WSCC

 127. The Job I Got. Thursday, 5 January, 5:15–6:30 p.m., 616, 
WSCC

 159. Rhetoric and/of the Job Market. Thursday, 5 January, 7:00–
8:15 p.m., 616, WSCC

 160. Demonstration Interviews for Job Seekers in Foreign Languages. 
Thursday, 5 January, 7:00–8:15 p.m., Aspen, Sheraton

 209. Corporate Humanities. Friday, 6 January, 10:15–11:30 a.m., 
616, WSCC

 392. The New Normal: The Changing Nature of the Academic Job 
Search. Saturday, 7 January, 8:30–9:45 a.m., 612, WSCC

 419. Good Practices in Hiring, Developing, and Reviewing Contingent 
Faculty Members. Saturday, 7 January, 8:30–9:45 a.m., 
Willow A, Sheraton

 435. Issues Facing Graduate Students of Color in the Profession. 
Saturday, 7 January, 10:15–11:30 a.m., 309, WSCC

 460. The Academic Workplace 101. Saturday, 7 January, 10:15–
11:30 a.m., Columbia, Sheraton

 496. Career Opportunities in Two-Year Colleges. Saturday, 7 January, 
12:00 noon–1:15 p.m., 307, WSCC

 539. #alt-ac: Alternative Paths, Pitfalls, and Jobs in the Digital Humanities. 
Saturday, 7 January, 3:30–4:45 p.m., 3B, WSCC

 595. #alt-ac: The Future of “Alternative Academic” Careers. Saturday, 
7 January, 5:15–6:30 p.m., 3B, WSCC



List of Administrations Censured

by the American Association of University Professors

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly.

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of 
the administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by 
a past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized principles of 
academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association 
of American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional 
and educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic 
Freedom and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe.

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s 
Annual Meeting.

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but 
specifically upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes 
the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. 
This censure does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership 
in the Association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the 
institution in question.

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, 
in order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain from 
accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure 
list. Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association 
does not assert that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; 
it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they seek information on 
present conditions of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s 
Washington office and prospective departmental colleagues. The Association 
leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to 
make the proper decision.

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. 
Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in 
parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of 
Committee A,” each of which appears annually in Academe.

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) ............................. 1963

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) ........................... 1969

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) ................................... 1975

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) ................... 1976

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) ................................. 1978

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) ........... 1978

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) ................................... 1980

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) ............................... 1982

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 42–46) .... 1983

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) ................................................................................................ 1984

Talladega College (Alabama) (May–June 1986, 6a–14a) ............................... 1986

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May–June 1987, 33–38) ....... 1987

Husson College (Maine) (May–June 1987, 45–50) ....................................... 1987

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May–June 1988, 29–33) ............................... 1988

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May–June 1989, 35–45) ......................................................................... 1989

The Catholic University of America (September–October 1989, 27–40) ..... 1990

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May–June 1991, 27–32) ............................... 1992

Baltimore City Community College (May–June 1992, 37–41) ................... 1992

Loma Linda University (California) (May–June 1992, 42–49) ...................... 1992

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May–June 1993, 46–53) ............................... 1993

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May–June 1993, 54–64) ........... 1993

Savannah College of Art and Design (May–June 1993, 65–70) ................... 1993

University of Bridgeport (November–December 1993, 37–45) ................... 1994

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May–June 1994, 37–46) ....................... 1994

Bennington College (March–April 1995, 91–103) ....................................... 1995

Alaska Pacific University (May–June 1995, 32–39) ..................................... 1995

St. Bonaventure University (New York) (July–August 1995, 65–73) ............. 1996

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May–June 1996, 
41–46) ................................................................................................... 1996

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) (July–August 1996, 51–60) ..... 1997

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May–June 1997, 53–58) ............... 1997

Brigham Young University (September–October 1997, 52–71) ................... 1998

University of the District of Columbia (May–June 1998, 46–55) ............... 1998

Lawrence Technological University (May–June 1998, 56–62) ..................... 1998

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May–June 1999, 46–50) ......... 1999

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
(January–February 2000, 54–
63) ............................................................. 2000

Charleston Southern University (January–February 2001, 63–77) ................2001

University of Dubuque (September–October 2001, 62–73) ..........................2002

Virginia State University (May–June 2005, 47–62) ..................................... 2005

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March–April 2005, 99–113) ... 2005

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November–December 
2004, 56–78) ......................................................................................... 2005

Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) (January–February 2007, 
60–68) ................................................................................................... 2007

Bastyr University (Washington) (March–April 2007, 106–20) ....................... 2007

Cedarville University (Ohio) (May–June 2009, 58–84) ............................... 2009

Nicholls State University (Louisiana) (November–December 2008,
60–69) ................................................................................................... 2009

North Idaho College (Idaho) (May–June 2009, 85–92) ............................... 2009

Stillman College (Alabama) (March–April 2009, 94–101) ........................... 2009

Clark Atlanta University (February 2010) ................................................... 2010

University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston (April 2010) ................ 2010

Bethune Cookman University ................................................................... 2010



Alabama

Auburn U, Montgomery

English 
& Philos, PO Box 244023 Montgomery AL 36124

Assistant Professor of English 
15980

http:// www .aum .edu

Auburn University at Montgomery invites applications for a full-time, 
tenure-track position for an Assistant Professor of English, 
specializing 
in American literature up to the mid 19th century, to begin Fall 2012. 
Preference given to candidates with additional strengths in ethnic and/
or multicultural literatures. Willingness to teach online courses desirable. 
3/3 teaching load with ongoing research and scholarship. English 
faculty 
are expected to teach literature surveys as well as writing (freshman and/
or junior level). Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
with primary 
area of focus in early American literature. Please send letter, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Eric Sterling, Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English 
and Philosophy, Auburn University 
Montgomery, P.O. Box 244023, Montgomery, AL 36124-4023. 
Priority given to applications received by November 1. Applicants must 
also apply electronically at jobs .aum .edu. AUM is an equal-opportunity 
employer 
committed to achieving excellence through diversity; therefore, 
we encourage applications from historically under-represented groups.

U of Mobile

Humanities & Fine Arts Div, 5735 College Pky Mobile AL 36613

Assistant Professor of English 
15785

http:// www .umobile .edu/

The University of Mobile announces a tenure-track opening for an assistant 
professor of English 
beginning August 2012. Ph.D. required by start date. 
The preferred candidate will be a specialist in an area of British literature 
before 1900. The department is seeking an energetic scholar-teacher whose 
work actively engages the Christian tradition. The faculty member will 
teach a 4/4 course load, typically including two sections of freshman composition, 
one world literature survey, and one upper-level course each semester.

Applicants should submit a cover letter and curriculum vitae by November 
15 to Dr. Katherine Abernathy, British Search Chair, Department 
of Humanities, University of Mobile, 5735 College Pkwy., Mobile, AL 
36613. Applicants should also send a copy of their letters and vitae electronically 
to Dr. Katherine Abernathy at katherine@ mail .umobile .edu. 
Preliminary interviews will be conducted by phone conference. [R]

U of Montevallo

English 
& For Langs, Sta 6420, Comer Hall Montevallo AL 35115

Assistant Professor of English 
15924

http:// www .montevallo .edu

Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition with expertise in areas that would 
complement the needs of our department, including (but not limited 
to) 21st century writing pedagogies, new media studies, historical/ classical 
rhetoric, and/or environmental rhetoric. Tenure-track position, beginning 
August 2012. We seek candidates with a strong commitment to 
teaching and scholarship and particularly welcome commitment to pedagogical 
innovation in the first-year writing program. The University of 
Montevallo is Alabama’s public liberal arts college and a member of COPLAC. 
Normal teaching load is 4/4, including freshman composition, 
sophomore world literature, and upper-division courses. The successful 
candidate will have opportunities to develop new courses in his or her 
area(s) of expertise. Applications should consist of letter of application, cv, 
transcript, and 3 letters of recommendation, and should be received by 
November 15. Interviews of selected candidates at MLA. To apply, visit 
the University's employment website at: www .montevallo .edu/HR/ 
employment .shtm. [R]

Arkansas

Arkansas SU

English 
& Philos, PO Box 1890 State University AR 72467

Assistant Professor 15830

http:// www .astate .edu/

Arkansas State University is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action 
Employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement 
of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff. In pursuit of this 
commitment, Arkansas State University-Jonesboro is currently accepting 
applications for a tenure-track, 12-month position, assistant or associate 
level, for Fall 2012. The Professor will teach undergraduate and graduate 
level composition and rhetoric classes, direct the composition program, 
and coordinate with other colleges at ASU for a campus-wide writing initiative. 
A PhD in English 
with an emphasis in Rhetoric and Composition 
is required by August 2012, as well as experience in teaching rhetoric/ 
composition at the university level and/or experience in directing a program 
of composition and strong credentials in composition and rhetoric 
theory. Salary will be in the low to mid 70K. A cover letter, CV, reference 
list, and a 2-page statement of pedagogical (comp/ rhet) philosophy 
must be attached to the online application by December 1. In addition, 3 
letters of recommendation must be attached or mailed to: Arkansas State 
University, Department of English/ 
Philosophy, P.O. Box 1890, State 
University, AR 72467-1890. For inquiries, contact Jerry Ball, Interim 
Department Chair, 870-972-3043, email jball@ astate .edu. [R]

John Brown U

English, 
2000 W University St Siloam Springs AR 72761

Creative Writing 15906

http:// www .jbu .edu

John Brown University, independent, evangelical and Christian, seeks a 
faculty member to teach undergraduate courses in creative writing with 
emphasis in fiction and/or poetry and core curriculum courses of English 
I and English 
II. Other responsibilities may include but are not limited to 

December 2011

Departmental Job Listings

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i).

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1



administering a yearly writing festival, teaching upper-division literature 
courses, advising, and committee work.

An M.F.A. or Ph.D in creative writing is preferred. Effective teaching experience 
in higher education, evidence of scholarly potential, and a commitment 
to Christian higher education are essential.

Position begins August 1, 2012. Screening process begins October 15, 
2011, and continues until the position is filled.

Submit electronically a letter of interest and vita to academicaffairs@ jbu 
.edu Attn: Dr. Ed Ericson III, Vice President, Academic Affairs, John 
Brown University, Siloam Springs, AR 72761. Phone: 479.524.7129. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]

U of Arkansas, Little Rock

English, 
2801 S University Av Little Rock AR 72204

Assistant Professor-Linguistics 15921

http:// www .ualr .edu

The English 
Department at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in General or English 
Linguistics at the rank of Assistant Professor (position R99373). The 
candidate will be expected to teach such courses as Introduction to Linguistics, 
Grammatical Analysis, History of the English 
Language, and to 
develop the Department’s Linguistics Minor. Desired secondary emphases 
include Medieval Literature (including the Anglo-Saxon period), World 
Literature, and the digital humanities. Familiarity with the issues related 
to English-
Secondary Education would also be beneficial.

The successful applicant will assume duties August 15, 2012 and must 
have completed all requirements for a Ph.D. in Linguistics or English 
before 
employment commences. The candidate should have a commitment 
to excellence in teaching, research, and service, and an understanding of 
technology and online education, and will be expected to advise students, 
serve on departmental and university committees, and publish in peer-
reviewed journals and books.

UALR is a research intensive/ doctoral institution with a metropolitan 
university mission, which offers a competitive salary, a reasonable teaching 
load, and attractive fringe benefits. To apply, submit an application 
letter referencing position R99373, a curriculum vita, and three recent 
reference letters to Dr. Brad Minnick, Chair of the Recruitment Committee, 
English 
Department, University of Arkansas at Little Rock, 2801 
South University Avenue, Little Rock, AR 72204. Applications may also 
be submitted electronically to vlkottwitz@ ualr .edu. Screening of applications 
will begin November 18, 2011.

The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer 
and actively seeks the candidacy of minorities, 
women, and persons with disabilities. Under Arkansas law, all applications 
are subject to disclosure. Persons hired must have proof of legal authority 
to work in the United States.

U of Arkansas, Little Rock

English, 
2801 S University Av Little Rock AR 72204

Assistant Professor-English 
15784

http:// www .ualr .edu

The English 
Department at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock invites 
applications for a tenure-track position in twentieth and twenty-first 
century American and British Literature at the rank of Assistant Professor 
(position R99386). The candidate will be expected to teach courses 
such as The Modern Novel, Contemporary Literature, Topics in Modern 
Literature, and Modern Poetry, as well as a survey of modern American 
literature, and Introduction to World Literature. Desired secondary 
emphases include Film and Media Studies, Digital Humanities, Literary 
Theory, and advanced World Literature.

The successful applicant will assume duties August 15, 2012 and must 
have completed all requirements for a Ph.D. in English 
before employment 
commences. The candidate should have a commitment to excellence 
in teaching, research, and service, and an understanding of 
technology and online education, and will be expected to advise students, 
serve on departmental and university committees, and publish in peer-
reviewed journals and books.

UALR is a research intensive/ doctoral institution with a metropolitan 
university mission, which offers a competitive salary, a reasonable teaching 
load, and attractive fringe benefits. To apply, submit an application 
letter referencing position R99386, a curriculum vita, and three recent 
reference letters to Dr. Paul Yoder, Chair of the Recruitment Committee, 
English 
Department, University of Arkansas at Little Rock, 2801 
South University Avenue, Little Rock, AR 72204. Applications may also 
be submitted electronically to vlkottwitz@ ualr .edu. Screening of applications 
will begin November 18, 2011.

The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer 
and actively seeks the candidacy of minorities, 
women, and persons with disabilities. Under Arkansas law, all applications 
are subject to disclosure. Persons hired must have proof of legal authority 
to work in the United States.

U of Central Arkansas

Writing, 201 Donaghey Street Conway AR 72035

Assistant Professor of Writing 15679

http:// www .uca .edu/ writing

The Department of Writing invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant 
professor position beginning August 2012. Teaching load is 4/4 (12 
hours per semester). Responsibilities include teaching advanced courses 
in rhetoric and composition and/or technical communication as well as 
courses in general education writing. In addition to strong experience 
teaching general education writing, the successful candidate should have 
expertise in writing with technology and teaching writing with technologies. 
The candidate should also have the capacity to teach, research, advise, 
and provide leadership. Preference will be given to candidates who 
have training and experience in technical communication, grant writing, 
and/or other professional writing.

Minimum Qualifications: College writing teaching experience and a 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, Technical Communication, or 
closely related field.

Application: Review of applications begins November 14, 2011 and will 
continue until filled. Electronic submission of materials is encouraged. 
Candidates should submit a cover letter describing interest, experience, 
and teaching philosophy; curriculum vitae; and contact information for 
five references to:

Dr. Scott Payne, Chair

Department of Writing

College of Fine Arts and Communication

University of Central Arkansas

201 Donaghey Avenue, Thompson 308

Conway, AR 72035

Email: spayne@ uca .edu

AA/EOE [R]

California

Biola U

Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, 13800 Biola Av La Mirada 
CA 90639

English 
Faculty-Tenure Track Position 15745

The Department of English 
at Biola University in southern California invites 
applications for a full-time, tenure-track position as Writing Program 
Co-director and faculty member in English 
starting August 2012.

Qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric & Composition, or PhD in English 
with 
emphasis in Rhetoric & Composition; secondary expertise open. Degree 

2 ENGLISH EDITION • DECEMBER 2011



in hand June 2012. Successful candidates will be collaborative leaders who 
demonstrate excellence in teaching introductory and advanced courses. 
Biola University’s Department of English 
is committed to cross-cultural 
engagement within its coursework that reflects the richly diverse, international 
environment of the greater Los Angeles area. The successful applicant 
will contribute to this cross-cultural vision.

Biola University is an evangelical Christian university where faculty endorse 
the University Doctrinal Statement http:// www .biola .edu/ about/ 
doctrinal-statement/. Our faculty are committed to integrating faith and 
learning, mentoring students, and engaging in robust and relevant scholarship. 
Biola University serves a student body of approximately 6000 undergraduate 
and graduate students. For more information on Biola, visit 
www .biola .edu.

Send letter of interest and curriculum vitae to the Vice Provost for Undergraduate 
Education, Biola University, 13800 Biola Avenue, La Mirada, 
CA 90639, or via email to shirley .sims@ biola .edu. Applications will be 
mailed to promising candidates.

California Inst of Tech

Humanities, 1200 E California Blvd H&SS 228–77 Pasadena CA 91125

Writing Coordinator 15838

http:// www .hss .caltech .edu/ jobs/ wrtgcoord

The Division of the Humanities and Social Sciences at the California Institute 
of Technology (Caltech) invites applicants for the position of coordinator 
of writing instruction and support, beginning fall 2012. This is 
a full-time position, with a teaching load of four ten-week undergraduate 
courses per year (quarter system) and organizational responsibility for 
writing programs in the humanities. The appointment is full-time, non-
tenure-track, at the lecturer rank, with an initial term appointment and 
the possibility of renewal for subsequent multi-year terms pending successful 
review. Caltech’s writing programs serve an undergraduate body 
of around 900 students, with some graduate student support as well. 
Courses include En 1 (English 
Composition for ESL Writers) and En 2 
(Introduction to College Writing). Organizational responsibilities involve 
development and oversight of humanities writing programs: training tutors 
for ESL and humanities courses; assessing incoming student writing; 
coordinating support for first year and advanced humanities courses; 
oversight of additional writing instructional staff. Qualifications should 
include a Ph.D. in Rhetoric, Composition, English, 
or related fields; candidates 
with ESL experience preferred.

Interested candidates should apply to http:// www .hss .caltech .edu/ jobs/ 
wrtgcoord, where they can submit a letter of application, CV, and three 
letters of recommendation. Application deadline is November 15, 2011. 
We plan to interview candidates at the annual MLA convention.

Caltech is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women, 
minorities, veterans, and disabled persons are encouraged to apply.

California Inst of the Arts

Critical Studies, 24700 McBean Pky Valencia CA 91355

Dean, School of Critical Studies 15603

http:// www .calarts .edu

California Institute of the Arts (CalArts), a comprehensive college for the 
visual and performing arts, is accepting applications for the position of 
Dean, School of Critical Studies to oversee the Institute’s undergraduate 
general studies program. This program provides 40% of the curriculum 
to approximately 900 B.F.A. students enrolled in the Institute’s five 
other Schools: Art, Dance, Film/ Video, Music and Theater. The School 
of Critical Studies is also home to two graduate programs—the M.F.A. in 
Writing and M.A. in Aesthetics and Politics.

CalArts is dedicated to the integration of critical thinking and artistic 
practice, and the School of Critical Studies plays a pivotal role in the 
Institute’s intellectual life and the advancement of informed art making. 
The dean leads efforts to promote the goals of Critical Studies within the 
context of the Institute’s needs and mission, working in collaboration 
with the Critical Studies faculty, the deans of the other Schools, faculty 
throughout the Institute, the Office of the Provost and the central administration. 
The dean also works closely with the directors of the School’s 
graduate programs, cultivating the programs’ strategic growth.

The successful candidate should offer an innovative pedagogical approach 
to the relations between contemporary arts (performing, visual, media 
and literary) and critical theory. S/he should have a distinguished career 
in the arts, humanities, social sciences or a related field, with significant 
publications and administrative experience commensurate with a senior-
level appointment. S/he should demonstrate a capacity for intellectual 
leadership in the development and coordination of an interdisciplinary 
curriculum responsive to both a diverse student body and contemporary 
advancements in liberal arts education. The dean serves as a strong advocate 
for the School and its faculty, representing Critical Studies within 
the Institute, in a public capacity and in fundraising activities. A terminal 
degree is required; a Ph.D. is preferred.

Interviews will begin in late fall 2011, with an anticipated appointment 
date of July 1, 2012. By October 15, 2011, candidates should send a letter, 
CV, publication sample and the names/ contact information for five 
references to the Critical Studies Dean Search Committee, Office of the 
Provost, California Institute of the Arts, 24700 McBean Parkway, Valencia, 
CA 91355. Materials can also be sent electronically to Diane Hunt, 
Search Coordinator, dhunt@ calarts .edu. CalArts is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
(EOE). For a complete position specification, please see 
www .calarts .edu/ employment. [R]

California Polytechnic SU

English, 
1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407

Assistant Professor-Ethnic American Literature 15950

http:// www .calpolyjobs .org

ENGLISH-Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor of 
English 
at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, 
to begin September 10, 2012. Specialization in Asian-American, 
Chicano/a, Latino/a, and/or Native American Literature required. All 
tenured and tenure-track faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Duties for this position also 
include teaching general education literature survey and/or composition 
courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university. In the English 
Department 
the typical teaching load is nine courses annually with correspondingly 
reasonable research expectations. Salary is commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Requirements include: a Ph.D. in English 
at time of appointment, experience and excellence in college-level teaching, 
and evidence of professional activity that keeps the candidate abreast 
of scholarship within his or her professional field. To apply, please visit 
http:// WWW .CALPOLYJOBS .ORG, complete a required online faculty 
application and apply to Requisition #102404. Please attach to your 
electronic application a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and writing sample indicative of area of scholarship. Please see online 
posting for mailing instructions for three current letters of recommendation, 
official transcripts showing highest degree and any other documents 
that cannot be submitted online. REVIEW BEGIN DATE: November 
22, 2011. Interviews will be at the MLA Convention. For questions 
please call (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to achieving 
excellence through cultural diversity. The university actively encourages 
applications and nominations of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R]

California SU, San Marcos

Lit & Writing Studies, 333 S Twin Oaks Valley Rd San Marcos CA 92096

Associate or Advanced Assistant Prof: 1st-Year Writing Program Director/ 
Rhetoric & Comp 15814

http:// www .csusm .edu/ facultyopportunities

Direct CSUSM’s first-year writing program and teach undergraduate 
and M.A. courses in Rhetoric and Composition and Writing Theory/ 
Pedagogy, beginning fall 2012. Ph.D. or dissertation in Rhet/ Comp or 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 3



Writing preferred; should have significant experience as writing program 
administrator and publications in field. Working with College and University 
administration, will provide leadership in reenvisioning the present 
and future roles of our writing program in relation to the university. 
Will participate actively in campus governance, advocate for the writing 
program at the college and university levels, and teach in general education 
program. The Department has a strong Cultural Studies emphasis and 
interest in innovative pedagogies. The University’s longstanding commitment 
to writing is reflected in a 2500-word minimum requirement for 
every CSUSM course. CSUSM (in San Diego County) is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
strongly committed to equity and 
diversity and seeks a broad spectrum of candidates in terms of race, sexual 
orientation and identity, gender, age, and disability or veteran status. 
The university is particularly interested in candidates who have experience 
working with students from diverse backgrounds and a demonstrated 
commitment to improving access to higher education for under-represented 
groups. CSUSM has been designated as a Hispanic Serving Institution 
(HSI) and an Asian American Native American Pacific Islander 
Serving Institution (AANAPISI) and was recently named one of the top 
32 Colleges most friendly to junior faculty by the Collaborative on Academic 
Careers in Higher Education. Letter of application, vita with list of 
current references, narrative of writing program philosophy and successes, 
writing sample by 11–1-11 for best consideration; applications accepted 
until position is filled. Position pending budgetary approval. Visit http:// 
www .csusm .edu/ facultyopportunities for submission procedures. Contact 
for questions: Dr. Heidi Breuer, hbreuer@ csusm .edu. [R]

Claremont McKenna C

Literature Department, 850 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711

Assistant Professor, Twentieth-Century 
British Literature 15666

http:// webapps .cmc .edu/ jobs/ faculty/ home .php

The Department of Literature of Claremont McKenna College seeks to 
fill a position for an assistant professor specializing in Twentieth-Century 
British Literature. The teaching requirement is four semester courses per 
year, three in literature and one in freshman writing.

Ph.D. should be in hand or expected by Spring 2012. Please submit electronic 
copies of a letter of application, curriculum vitae, dossier, evaluations, 
and writing sample (twenty-five pages) no later than November 1st.

https:// webapps .cmc .edu/ jobs/ faculty/ home .php [R]

U of California, Irvine

English, 
435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697

Assistant Professor of Modernism 15960

http:// recruit.ap.uci .edu/

The Department of English 
at the University of California, Irvine invites 
applications for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor in Modernism. 
Applications must be submitted online at https:// recruit.ap.uci .edu/ and 
should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract, writing 
sample of no more than twenty-five pages, and three letters of recommendation. 
Fullest consideration will be given to those who submit their 
applications by November 8, 2011. Interviews of selected candidates will be 
held at the MLA convention. Candidate must have a Ph.D. by June 2012.

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity.

U of California, Irvine

English, 
435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697

Open Rank-Poet 15642

http:// www .humanities .uci .edu/ english/


The Department of English 
at the University of California, Irvine seeks 
to appoint a poet as an Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, or Professor 
to join Ron Carlson, Michelle Latiolais, and Michael Ryan on the 
faculty of UC Irvine's distinctive MFA Writing Program. Application 
procedure: upload a curriculum vitae and cover letter with the names and 
contact information of three people qualified to discuss your teaching to 
https:// recruit.ap.uci .edu/.

Fullest consideration will be given to those who submit their applications 
by November 15, 2011. The University of California, Irvine is an equal 
opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has 
an Advance Program for faculty equity and diversity.

U of California, San Diego

Ethnic Studies, 9500 Gilman Dr, #0522 La Jolla CA 92093

Assistant Professor of Native American/ Indigenous Studies 15911

The Ethnic Studies Department (http:// ethnicstudies .ucsd .edu/) at the 
University of California, San Diego invites applications for a position as 
an Assistant Professor of Native American/ Indigenous Studies beginning 
Fall 2012, pending budget approval. We welcome applicants whose work 
encompasses Native American and Indigenous-centered knowledge production 
and epistemologies. We will prioritize applicants whose research 
engages with gender, sexuality, and/or feminism.

Applications are accepted electronically on the UCSD Academic Personnel 
Website (https:// apol-recruit .ucsd .edu/). We will begin reviewing applications 
on October 30, 2011, but will continue to accept applications 
until positions are filled for start date of 07/01/12. Salary based on published 
UC pay scales.

UCSD is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
with a strong 
institutional commitment to excellence through diversity.

U of California, San Diego

Lit, 9500 Gilman Dr #0410 La Jolla CA 92093

Assistant Professor, Chicana/ Latina Studies 15990

http:// literature .ucsd .edu

Effective 7/1/12

The Department of Literature within the Division of Arts & Humanities 
at the University of California, San Diego (http:// literature .ucsd .edu) 
seeks candidates for a faculty position in the area of Chicana/ Latina Studies, 
whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute 
to our commitment to diversity and inclusion in higher education. Applicants 
are asked to summarize their past or potential contributions to 
diversity in their personal statement. Preference will be given to scholars 
at the tenure-track assistant professor level.

Faculty members teach and supervise students at the undergraduate and 
graduate level. The level of appointment will be commensurate with 
qualifications and experience.

Successful candidates will demonstrate strong or potential accomplishments 
in areas contributing to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and a desire 
to play a leadership role in advancing UC San Diego’s commitment to 
achieving excellence and diversity.

In addition to having demonstrated the highest standards of scholarship 
and professional activity, or for junior scholars to have the potential 
thereof, we welcome candidates to teach in a world literatures program. 
Candidate should have a well-developed methodology rooted in historical 
contexts for the interpretation of 20th-and 21st-century 
Chicana/ Latina 
cultural production in the United States. Ability to teach courses on Latin 
American topics is also required; candidate must be able to teach courses 
in Spanish and English. 
Special interests such as the history of gender formations 
and comparative studies across ethnic groups are welcome.

Salary: Salary will be based on published UC pay scales.

Closing Date: November 15, 2011

To Apply: Submit all application documentation using UCSD’s online 
Recruit web page https:// apol-recruit .ucsd .edu/ apply.

Please apply to the following job posting:



Literature

Assistant Professor, Chicana/ Latina Studies (11–004)

Required documents include: 1) a cover letter; include job ad code 
152MLA at the top of your cover letter, 2) CV, 3) add contact names and 
requested information, then click on the prompt to contact references as 
this generates an email to references, with instructions, and 4) writing 
samples.

Applicants should include in their cover letters a personal statement summarizing 
their contributions to diversity as well as summarizing teaching 
experience and interests, and leadership efforts, or their potential to make 
contributions in the field. Immigration status of non-citizens should be 
stated in CV. The deadline to apply is November 15, 2011.

If you wish to send hard copies of original books, please mail these items 
to the following address so they arrive in the office before November 15, 
2011.

Chicana/ Latina Search Committee Chair #152MLA

Department of Literature 0410

University of California, San Diego

9500 Gilman Drive

La Jolla, CA 92093

UCSD is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
with a 
strong institutional commitment to excellence through diversity (http:// 
diversity .ucsd .edu/).

U of California, Santa Barbara

Film and Media Studies, 2433 SSMS Building Santa Barbara CA 93106

Assistant Professor of Archival Theory and Practice 15657

http:// www .filmandmedia .ucsb .edu/

Film and Media Studies at UC Santa Barbara seeks Assistant Professor 
in Archival Theory/ Practice. Must be: qualified to teach in film, television, 
and new media with research focus on archiving traditional and new 
media forms; able to develop archive facility as a laboratory for theory/ 
practice and build on courses in media archival study, curatorial projects, 
and festival programming. Must demonstrate knowledge of archives, collections, 
databases; engage with/ contribute to theoretical work; and be 
cognizant of scholarship in relation to professional training in media curatorship, 
archival work, intellectual property. PhD required. Especially interested 
in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence 
of the academic community through research, teaching, and service.

Submit letter, CV, writing sample, and have 3 letters of recommendation 
sent to kmurray@ filmandmedia .ucsb .edu by 11/15/11. Send additional 
materials to: Search Committee, Film and Media Studies, UCSB, 
Santa Barbara, CA 93106-4010. EO/AA Employer. 
See full ad: www 
.filmandmedia .ucsb .edu.

U of Southern California

Comp Lit, 3501 Trousdale Pky, THH 161 Los Angeles CA 90089

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 15607

http:// jobs .usc .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=61197

Indian or Pakistani Literature and/or Visual Culture

The Department of Comparative Literature at the Dana and David Dornsife 
College of Letters, Arts and Sciences at the University of Southern 
California (3501 Trousdale Parkway, Taper Hall of Humanities, #161, Los 
Angeles, CA 90089-0353) is seeking a tenure-track Assistant Professor of 
Comparative Literature with a specialization in Indian or Pakistani Literature 
and/or Visual Culture with an anticipated start date of Fall 2012.

A Ph.D. is required at time of appointment. Send letter of application, 
c.v., three letters of recommendation, and writing sample (25 pages 
maximum), as a Word document or PDF file, by November 1, to Panivong 
Norindr, Chair, Department of Comparative Literature by email 
to: complit@ usc .edu. In order to be considered for this position, applicants 
are also required to submit an electronic USC application; follow 
this job link or paste in a browser: https:// jobs .usc .edu/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=61197 USC strongly values diversity and is committed 
to equal opportunity in employment. Women and men, and members 
of all racial and ethnic groups are encouraged to apply. [R]

U of Southern California

English, 
THH 404 Los Angeles CA 90089

Department Chair and Professor 15609

The Department of American Studies & Ethnicity, Dornsife College of 
Letters, Arts and Sciences, University of Southern California, in Los Angeles, 
California, is currently seeking to hire a Department Chair, at the 
rank of Professor with tenure. We are looking for a senior scholar with a 
distinguished record of interdisciplinary research and publication and a 
commitment to teaching and graduate student mentorship.

The department is interested in scholars from the social sciences or the 
humanities whose work demonstrates an engagement with issues of race, 
gender, sexuality, either in the U.S. or transnationally in the fields of 
American and Ethnic Studies. Such a scholar will have a national and international 
profile, a dynamic understanding of where the field is heading, 
and will have some previous administrative experience to bring to this 
position. This is a unique and nationally recognized department that offers 
exciting opportunities and is open to benefiting from the vision of an 
established, innovative and imaginative leader in the field of American 
and Ethnic Studies.

USC strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity 
in employment. Women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic 
groups, are encouraged to apply.

To apply please send letter of interest and CV by October 1, 2011 to: Macarena 
Gomez-Barris, Interim Chair, Department of American Studies 
and Ethnicity, Kaprielian Hall (KAP) 462, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2534, 
preferably by email to asehiring@ dornsife .usc .edu In order to be considered, 
applicants must also submit an electronic USC application; follow 
this job link or paste in a browser: https:// jobs .usc .edu/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=59606 .

Colorado

Colorado SU, Pueblo

English 
& For Lang, 2200 Bonforte Blvd Pueblo CO 81001

Chair, Department of English 
and Foreign Languages 15987

http:// colostate-pueblo .edu/ employment

The Department of English 
and Foreign Languages at Colorado State 
University-Pueblo invites applications for the position of chairperson to 
begin August 2012. Applicants should have academic credentials commensurate 
with appointment to the rank of tenured associate or full 
professor and must have strong administrative, research, and teaching records. 
We are looking for a scholar-administrator who can contribute to 
one or more of the department's core areas of research and teaching but 
preference will be given to scholars specializing in modern or contemporary 
British literature. Candidates for this position should be able to 
work cooperatively with faculty and students of diverse disciplines, and 
demonstrate experience with managing budgets, supervising instructors 
and staff, and assessing academic programs. This individual will guide the 
administration of programs in English, 
Foreign Languages, and Speech 
Communication.

Candidates must apply online at colostate-pueblo .edu/ employment. Please 
attach a letter of application, a c.v., and an unofficial transcript. Three letters 
of recommendation should be submitted to hr@ colostate-pueblo .edu 
by Nov. 20. [R]



Connecticut

Trinity C

Allan K. Smith Writing Center, 300 Summit Street Hartford CT 06106

Director of the Allan K. Smith Writing Center /Allan K. Smith Lecturer 15659

http:// www .trincoll .edu/ Academics/ centers/ Writing/ Pages/ defa

Trinity College invites applications for the position of Director of the 
Allan K. Smith Writing Center. The Director will have responsibility for 
administering all functions of the Allan K. Smith Writing Center, including 
directing the Writing Center faculty, staffing all courses within the 
Center, superintending the Center's tutoring program, designing and implementing 
effective outreach initiatives in writing across the curriculum, 
from the First Year Program through the majors, and overseeing Trinity’s 
writing assessment projects. This administrative position carries the 
title of the Allan K. Smith Lecturer in English 
Composition, an endowed 
position affiliated with the English 
Department. Although the director’s 
primary duties are administrative, the director will be expected to teach 
at least two courses per year. Demonstrated professional and scholarly engagement 
appropriate to the applicant’s primary administrative duties as 
Director of the Writing Center. Initial contract is three-years, with the 
possibility of multiple renewals. This position reports to the Dean of Faculty's 
Office. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, English, 
or a related 
field required. Please send letter of application, plus c.v., writing sample, 
two sample syllabi for an introductory and an advanced composition 
course, graduate school transcript, and three letters of recommendation 
electronically to Associate Academic Dean Sheila Fisher, Chair of the 
Search Committee, c/o jessica .henning@ trincoll .edu. The Search Committee 
will begin reviewing completed applications on November 1. Initial 
interviews conducted at the MLA Convention in Seattle as well as by 
alternative arrangements. Trinity College is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

Yale U

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 451 College St New Haven CT 06520

Professor of Comparative Literature and Humanities 15782

http:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ Yale/ cpltsr

Tenured appointment (Associate/ Full) in Comparative Literature and 
Humanities with commitment to literature. Fields open, but record of innovative 
thinking, writing, and teaching essential. To apply please visit 
https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ Yale/ cpltsr or mail a letter of interest 
together with a CV to: Senior Search, Comparative Literature/ Humanities, 
Department of Comparative Literature, P.O. Box 208299, New 
Haven, CT 06520-8299. Review of applications will begin December 1, 
and will continue until the position is filled. Yale is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer.


Delaware

U of Delaware

English, 
212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716

Interdisciplinary Faculty Positions for Study of Diversity 15951

http:// www .Click2Apply .net/q8vy29m

The University of Delaware seeks to hire a minimum of two professors as 
part of a university-wide commitment to bring to campus accomplished 
scholars whose work examines the history, culture, politics or creative 
works of racially or culturally marginalized communities employing a 
range of analytical and creative conceptual frameworks and methodologies. 
Applicants who have a Ph.D. (or J.D. for legal scholars) in the arts 
and humanities, social or behavioral sciences, or business and economics, 
law and public policy will be appointed in the department of their 
discipline. Applications from scholars with interdisciplinary interests and 
who examine social dynamics at the intersection of diverse groups are especially 
welcome. We expect to hire at the associate or full professor rank 
though assistant professors are also encouraged to apply. The University 
of Delaware is strategically located on a beautiful campus in Newark, 
Delaware in the middle of the Northeast corridor. Nearby Wilmington 
is approximately halfway-or an hour and a half by train—between New 
York and Washington, D.C. Philadelphia and Baltimore are each about 
an hour away. The University of Delaware is a well-endowed public RU/
VH institution with selective admissions, resulting in a student body of 
about 17,000 undergraduate and 3,500 graduate students. The University 
has an excellent compensation and benefits package that, according to the 
Chronicle of Higher Education, makes it a "Great College to Work For." 
Review of applications will begin November 15, 2011 and continue until 
positions are filled. To apply, please submit—in a single Word or PDF 
document—a current CV and cover letter indicating your interest in the 
position, relevant scholarly activities and accomplishments and any leadership 
or collaborative engagement in institutional or community projects 
to http:// www .udel .edu/ udjobs. Letters of reference and other materials 
may be requested at a later date. Inquiries should be addressed to the 
search committee chair: James M. Jones, Chair of Diversity Search Committee, 
Department of Psychology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE 
19716, jmjones@ psych .udel .edu Employment offers will be conditioned 
upon successful completion of a criminal background check. A conviction 
will not necessarily exclude you from employment. The University 
of Delaware is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
which encourages applications 
from Minority Group Members and Women. The University's 
Notice of Non-Discrimination can be found at http:// www .udel .edu/ 
aboutus/ legalnotices .html.

District of Columbia

George Washington U

University Writing Prog, 801 22nd St NW, 553 Rome Hall Washington 
DC 20052

Executive Director (E.D.) of The University Writing Program 15976

http:// www .gwu .edu/ ~uwp/

The George Washington University seeks applications for an Executive 
Director (E.D.) of our University Writing Program, beginning Fall 2012. 
This person will work to integrate the three branches of the UWP—
First-Year Writing, WID, and the Writing Center—and raise the national 
profile of the Program. We seek an experienced, dynamic leader. Appointment 
will be at the level of Associate Professor or Professor, with tenure.

The University Writing Program is a central pillar of GWU’s Strategic 
Plan for Academic Excellence. This independent writing program consists 
of a 4-credit first-year writing class (UW1020) for all 2400 first-year 
students, two subsequent Writing in the Discipline (WID) courses, and a 
Writing Center. Directors and deputy directors of each component and 
support staff report to the E.D. Theme-based UW20 courses are taught 
by a largely full-time, multidisciplinary faculty and offer an intellectually 
rigorous curriculum guided by a template. More information is available 
at http:// www .gwu .edu/ ~uwp/.

Basic Qualifications: Applicants must have a Ph.D. and experience in administration 
of a college or university writing program. Applicants also 
must have a record of productive scholarship.

Preferred Qualifications: Experience working with a large, multifaceted 
writing program and multidisciplinary, full-time faculty is strongly preferred. 
Preference will also be given to candidates who have a history of 
success in winning extramural funding. Experience in assessment is also 
desirable.

To apply, please submit a letter of application, vita, and contact information 
for three professional references. Review of applications will begin 
on November 14, 2011, and will continue until the position is filled. Only 
complete applications will be considered.

Applications and nominations may be sent electronically to sfuller@ 
gwu .edu or as a hard copy to: Chair of UWP Executive Director Search 
Committee, Columbian College of Arts and Sciences, 212 Phillips Hall, 



The George Washington University, Washington, D.C. 20052. The 
George Washington University is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
employer.


Florida

Florida SU

English, 
405 Williams Bldg 631 University Way Tallahassee FL 32306

Assistant Professor of Post-1900 British Literature 15693

http:// english 
.fsu .edu/

The Florida State University English 
Department invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Post-1900 British Literature and Culture 
to begin fall 2012. Secondary area is open, but expertise in Transatlantic 
Modernism, Post-colonial Literature, or Transnational Anglophone 
is desirable. Ph.D. in hand by beginning of appointment. Record of publication 
and prospects of future publication are crucial. 2/2 teaching assignment, 
normally with one graduate course per year. Competitive salary. 
Letter, CV, writing sample, and dossier to S. E. Gontarski, Department of 
English, 
PO Box 3061580, FSU, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 by November 
11. MLA interviews. AA/EOE employer. 
Minorities, persons with 
disabilities, and women are encouraged to apply. [R]

Nova Southeastern U

Humanities, 3301 College Av Fort Lauderdale FL 33314

998870-Communication Studies Faculty/ Program Coordinator 15962

http:// www .Click2Apply .net/ gzbgj7q

The Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences seeks applications at the ranks 
of assistant, associate, and full professor for the following faculty positions. 
Unless specifically noted otherwise, positions are full-time (9.5 month) 
and entail teaching the equivalent of 8 courses, participation in department 
and college committees and curriculum development, and strong 
commitment to student and community service and scholarship. 

Candidates with a terminal degree are strongly preferred; faculty rank 
is dependent on terminal degree, college level teaching experience, and 
scholarship. Candidates with college-level teaching experience and a plan 
for active scholarship are preferred. Interest in or experience with teaching 
or developing online courses is a plus. Review of applications begins 
immediately; unless otherwise noted, position start date is negotiable and 
may start as soon as January 2012 but not later than July 2012. 

998870-Communication Studies Faculty/ Program Coordinator (12-month 
faculty) 

The College seeks candidate to teach courses in introductory and advanced 
communication studies and administer aspects of the communication 
studies program with the Division of Humanities. Teaching and/
or professional/ research experience in speech communication/ rhetoric or 
video production/ new media a plus. Candidate will recruit, schedule, and 
mentor adjunct faculty teaching communication studies courses. Earned 
terminal degree in Communication is strongly preferred; minimum requirement 
is Master’s degree in Communication with progress toward 
terminal degree. College-level teaching experience and academic administration 
experience is required. 

With more than 140 full-time faculty members, 350 part time faculty 
members, and 3200 students, the Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences at 
Nova Southeastern University offers 31 undergraduate majors, 52 minors, 
and 5 certificate programs across four academic divisions, as well as two 
graduate programs. The College serves more than 6000 undergraduate 
students through general education, honors, and study abroad programs. 
Nova Southeastern University is the seventh largest not-for-profit university 
in the United States, serving more than 29,000 students. The university 
is located on 300 acres in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 

For confidential consideration, please apply to position #998870 at www 
.nsujobs .com and submit a letter of interest, resume, and curriculum vitae.

Please visit our website: www .nsujobs .com 

NSU offers competitive compensation and outstanding benefits. EOE. 
Apply Here: http:// www .Click2Apply .net/ gzbgj7q [R]

Nova Southeastern U

Humanities, 3301 College Av Fort Lauderdale FL 33314

Writing/ Composition Faculty 15954

The Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences seeks applications at the ranks 
of assistant, associate, and full professor for the following faculty positions. 
Unless specifically noted otherwise, positions are full-time (9.5 month) 
and entail teaching the equivalent of 8 courses, participation in department 
and college committees and curriculum development, and strong 
commitment to student and community service and scholarship.

Candidates with a terminal degree are strongly preferred; faculty rank 
is dependent on terminal degree, college level teaching experience, and 
scholarship. Candidates with college-level teaching experience and a plan 
for active scholarship are preferred. Interest in or experience with teaching 
or developing online courses is a plus. Review of applications begins 
immediately; positions begin August 2012.

993562-Writing/ Composition Faculty 

The College seeks candidates to teach undergraduate courses in college 
composition and specialized writing courses, as well as courses in the 
M.A. in writing program. Earned terminal degree in English 
or Composition/ 
Rhetoric is strongly preferred; minimum requirement is Master's 
degree in English 
or Composition/ Rhetoric with progress toward terminal 
degree. 

With more than 140 full-time faculty members, 350 part time faculty 
members, and 3200 students, the Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences at 
Nova Southeastern University offers 31 undergraduate majors, 52 minors, 
and 5 certificate programs across four academic divisions, as well as two 
graduate programs. The College serves more than 6000 undergraduate 
students through general education, honors, and study abroad programs. 
Nova Southeastern University is the seventh largest not-for-profit university 
in the United States, serving more than 29,000 students. The university 
is located on 300 acres in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

For confidential consideration, please apply to position #994602 at www 
.nsujobs .com and submit a letter of interest, resume, and curriculum vitae.

Please visit our website: www .nsujobs .com 

NSU offers competitive compensation and outstanding benefits. EOE.

U of South Florida Polytechnic

English, 
3433 Winter Lake Road Lakeland FL 33803

Assistant Professor, Technical and Professional Writing 15997

http:// www .poly .usf .edu/ Offices/HR/ProspectiveEmployees .html

Job Summary:

Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate and/or master's level 
courses in Technical and Professional Writing; conducting applied research 
and engaging in efforts to secure external funding; engaging with 
business incubators and accelerators; participating in programmatic, college 
and university committees/ councils as appropriate; participating in 
the planning and implementation of new degree programs, minors and 
concentrations in technical and professional writing; mentoring and supervising 
students in applied and experiential learning and research; engaging 
in professional and community service.

Minimum Qualifications:

Ph.D. from a regionally accredited institution in Technical and Professional 
Writing or a related field with at least 18 credit hours in primary 
teaching area; qualified for appointment at assistant professor level according 
to USF Polytechnic standards; academic coursework and experience 
necessary for credentialing in primary teaching area and at least two years 
teaching experience in higher education. An emerging published research 
or participation in research and scholarly activities with potential for publication 
is necessary for appointment at the Assistant Professor level.

Preferred Qualifications:



Academic degree from, or experience working at, a polytechnic university; 
demonstrated ability to teach interdisciplinary topics; knowledge 
and experience in the use of innovative teaching techniques and significant 
incorporation of instructional technology into classroom and online 
teaching; knowledge and experience in working with diverse populations 
of learners; knowledge and experience with applied and problem-based 
learning; experience in guiding students in applied research activities or 
projects; evidence of interdisciplinary pedagogy and research; evidence 
of grant development and/or management; knowledge and experience in 
capstone and internship experiences development and supervision.

Salary Range: Competitive; commensurate with rank, qualifications and 
experience.

Application Process:

Letter of application, including a statement of teaching philosophy and 
practice, and a statement of research focus and interests; current vita; transcripts 
of all graduate-level coursework; contact information for five (5) 
references. ONLY COMPLETE APPLICATION PACKETS WILL BE 
CONSIDERED. Unofficial transcripts are accepted; official transcripts 
will be required if hired.

ABD Conditions: ABDs may apply; all degree requirements must be 
completed by the position start date of August 7, 2012.

Contact Information:

Vicky Burke

863-667-7858

Vkyburke@ poly .usf .edu

Apply on-line: http:// www .poly .usf .edu/ Offices/HR/ ProspectiveEmployees .html

USF Polytechnic website: http:// www .poly .usf .edu

USF Polytechnic is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer


Georgia

Columbus SU

English, 
4225 University Av Columbus GA 31907

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR IN ENGLISH 15966

http:// www .columbusstate .edu

The Department of English 
invites PhDs in medieval literature to apply 
for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor rank. The department 
currently enrolls about 200 undergraduate majors in four tracks: Literature, 
Professional Writing, Creative Writing, and English 
and Secondary 
Education. The candidate hired will teach upper division courses in his/ 
her area of specialty, world literature, and core English 
courses. Summer 
teaching optional. The department has a strong tradition of participation 
in interdisciplinary courses and study abroad programs.

Columbus State University provides a creative, deeply personal and relevant 
college experience. Serving the Southeast while attracting students 
from around the world, Columbus State thrives on community partnerships 
to deliver excellence for students who want to achieve personal and 
professional success in an increasingly global environment. Just 100 miles 
southwest of Atlanta, Columbus State University is a proud member of 
the University System of Georgia, enrolling more than 8,400 students in 
a wide variety of degree programs, from online degrees to a doctorate in 
education.

CSU has a nationally recognized track record of partnership and outreach 
through efforts such as the Cunningham Center for Leadership Development, 
Coca-Cola Space Science Center, Oxbow Meadows Environmental 
Learning Center, and its own residence – the Spencer House – in 
Oxford, England. 
The University has two primary campus locations in 
Columbus, Georgia: the original campus on 150 acres in midtown Columbus 
and a beautiful campus in historic downtown Columbus overlooking 
the Chattahoochee River. The Columbus region, with more than 
350,000 residents, is home to world-class enterprises such as Aflac, Synovus, 
W.C. Bradley Company, TSYS and Ft. Benning, the U.S. Army’s 
Maneuver Center of Excellence headquarters. For additional information 
about the University visit our website at www .ColumbusState .edu.

The position requires a PhD in English 
with emphasis in medieval literature. 
A successful criminal background check will be required as a condition 
of employment.

For full consideration, submit a letter of application, current curriculum 
vitae, copy of transcripts, three letters of recommendation, and a teaching 
portfolio with sample syllabi to Dr. Susan Hrach, Department of English, 
Columbus State University, 4225 University Avenue, Columbus, Georgia 
31907-5645. Review of applications will begin November 10, 2011, and 
continue until the position is filled. Applications for part-time and full-
time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and 
official transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if selected for 
interview. Ability to meet Southern Association of Colleges and Schools 
(SACS) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in 
the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Committed to Diversity in Hiring.

Dr. Susan Hrach, Department of English, 
Columbus State University, 
4225 University Avenue, Columbus, Georgia 31907-5645. Phone: (706) 
568-2054, Fax: (706) 568-2334, E-mail: hrach_ susan@ columbusstate .edu.

Emory U

English, 
N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322

Associate or Full Professor-Director of College Writing 15749

http:// www .english 
.emory .edu/

The Department of English 
seeks a Director of College Writing. This 
is a tenured appointment at the rank of Full or Associate Professor. Responsibilities 
include developing a robust first-year writing curriculum, 
teaching graduate courses in composition pedagogy, and playing a cross-
departmental leadership role in all matters pertaining to undergraduate 
writing. Candidates must have a Ph.D. and a distinguished research profile, 
together with a record of excellence in the teaching of writing.

Review of applications begins October 17; full consideration will be given 
to applications received before November 15. Interviews will be held at 
the MLA in Seattle, and the search will continue until the position is filled. 
Emory University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
Women and underrepresented minorities are encouraged to apply.

Send letter of application, c.v., and names and addresses of four referees to:

Walter Kalaidjian, Chair

Department of English


N-302 Callaway Center

Emory University

537 Kilgo Circle

Atlanta, GA 30322 [R]

Emory U

English, 
N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322

Assistant Professor of English/ 
Creative Writing (Poet) 15641

http:// creativewriting .emory .edu

Emory University: Poet. Faculty appointment for an advanced assistant 
professor in undergraduate English/ 
Creative Writing Program. Requirements: 
MFA or PhD; significant publications including at least one book 
of poems from an established press; Creative Writing teaching experience. 
Load: 2–2, primarily workshops, with supervision of honors theses, and 
opportunities to teach literature courses in English. 
Desirable: Writing 
Program administration experience; interest in a secondary genre, and/
or area of literary specialization. Qualified applicants should send dossier, 
including C.V., three letters of recommendation from persons knowledgeable 
about the writer's work and teaching experience, and a writing sample 
to: Creative Writing Program, Emory University, 537 Kilgo Circle, Room 
N209, Callaway Center, Atlanta, GA 30322. Review of applications begins 
November 10; interviews will be conducted at MLA in Seattle.



We actively seek applications from women and minority candidates. 
Emory University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
[R]

Georgia Gwinnett C

Sch of Lib Arts, 1000 University Center Ln Lawrenceville GA 30043

English: 
Instructor, Assistant, Associate or Full Professor: Fall 2012 15983

http:// www .ggc .edu

In anticipation of increases in enrollment for the 2012–2013 academic 
year, the English 
discipline at Georgia Gwinnett College (GGC) seeks 
highly motivated Generalists with experience in and enthusiasm for the 
teaching of composition and the Liberal Arts core starting August 1, 2012.

Qualifications: Applicants must have a minimum of 18 ENGL graduate 
credit hours. Master's degree for Instructor.

Ph.D. in English 
or Rhetoric/ Composition is preferred. A Ph.D. in related 
fields will be considered with substantial experience in teaching 
Rhetoric and Compostiion.

Multiple openings

MUST APPLY ONLINE TO: https:// jobs .ggc .edu

Questions to: apply@ ggc .edu

Savannah SU

Lib Arts, 3219 College St Campus Box 20029 Savannah GA 31404

Assistant Professor of English/ 
Director ReWrite Connection 15799

http:// www .savannahstate .edu

Tenure track twelve month position. Primary instructional duties in English 
(all levels); instruction in additional areas of competency may be 
assigned. Supervises and directs the ReWrite Connection (SSU’s writing 
center). Responsibilities include supervising staff, operations, and 
programs, and initiatives as well as tutoring students. Additional duties 
include advising, service, research, and participation in assessment and 
curriculum development. Typically teaches two courses each in the fall 
and spring semesters and one in the summer; and providing a minimum 
of 24 hours per week in the ReWrite Connection. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience; excellent benefits. Ph.D. in English 
or sub-field such as composition and rhetoric, etc. required. University 
teaching experience is preferred. Experience working in a writing center 
setting required; experience as a writing center director preferred. Background 
and/or credit check may be required. Review of applications will 
begin upon receipt and continue until the position is filled. Complete application 
online; submit cover letter, vitae, and three references with contact 
information on line or by mail to: Asst. Professor English/ 
ReWrite 
Director Search; Dr. April Gentry, Chair, Liberal Arts Department; Savannah 
State University, Box 20029, Savannah, GA 31404

U of Georgia

English, 
252 Park Hall Athens GA 30602

Assistant Professor of British Romantic Poetry 15720

http:// www .english 
.uga .edu

The University of Georgia announces a tenure-track position in British 
Romantic poetry at the Assistant Professor level to begin fall 2012. Applicant 
must have a Ph.D. in the area and a demonstrable commitment to 
both teaching and scholarship. The position carries a 2/2 teaching load 
with significant research expectations. Service on Department and University 
committees, as well as the mentoring of undergraduate and graduate 
students are important responsibilities of all tenure-track faculty. The 
salary is competitive. Interviews at the MLA convention in Seattle. Please 
send letter of application and CV to Michael G. Moran, Head, Department 
of English, 
University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602. Review of 
materials will begin November 1, 2011 and will continue until the position 
is filled. The Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, its many units, 
and the University of Georgia are committed to increasing the diversity 
of its faculty and students, and sustaining a work and learning environment 
that is inclusive. Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. The University is an EEO/AA institution.

U of Georgia

English, 
252 Park Hall Athens GA 30602

Barbara Lester Methvin Distinguished Professor of Southern Literature 15686

http:// www .english 
.uga .edu

The University of Georgia is searching for a senior scholar to assume its 
new Methvin Distinguished Professorship of Southern Literature. Applicants 
must have an outstanding record of publication in one or more 
areas of Southern Literature in the United States with the promise of 
more such work in the future. The applicant must also have an excellent 
record of teaching on the undergraduate and graduate levels, with 
evidence of successful dissertation direction. The salary will be competitive, 
with an additional discretionary endowment fund. Please send letter 
of application and CV to Michael G. Moran, Head, Department of English, 
University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602. Review of materials will 
begin November 1, 2011 and will continue until the position is filled. The 
Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, its many units, and the University 
of Georgia are committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty and students, 
and sustaining a work and learning environment that is inclusive. 
Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
The University is an EEO/AA institution.

Idaho

Idaho SU

English, 
PO Box 8056 921 S 8th Av, Stop 8056 Pocatello ID 83209

Assistant Professor of English, 
19th-Century 
British Literature 15957

http:// www .isu .edu

Specialist in 19th-Century 
British Literature. Tenure-track position, assistant 
professor rank, August 2012. Ph.D. in hand by August 2012. Normal 
teaching load 3 courses per semester with responsibilities in literature 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Additional interest in literature 
and the environment welcomed. Regular assignments to composition and 
general education courses. Starting salary $43,000. Send letter of application, 
c.v., writing sample (approx. 20 pages) and a minimum of 3 letters 
of recommendation (confidential letters preferred) to https:// isujobs .net. 
All application materials must be received by November 11, 2011. Interviews 
at MLA. ISU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
We have an institution-wide commitment to inclusion and diversity and 
encourage all qualified individuals to apply. Veterans' preference. Upon 
request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be 
provided to individuals with disabilities. [R]

Idaho SU

English, 
PO Box 8056 921 S 8th Av, Stop 8056 Pocatello ID 83209

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing 15956

http:// www .isu .edu

Specialist in Creative Writing with ability to work in multiple genres. 
Tenure-track position, assistant professor rank, August 2012. M.F.A. or 
Ph.D. in Creative Writing in hand by August 2012 and a significant record 
of creative publications. Normal teaching load 3 courses per semester 
with responsibilities in creative writing and literature at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Regular assignments to composition and general 
education courses. Starting salary $43,000. Send letter of application, c.v., 
sample of creative writing (approx. 20 pages) and a minimum of 3 letters 
of recommendation (confidential letters preferred) to https:// isujobs .net. 
All application materials must be received by November 11, 2011. Interviews 
at MLA. ISU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
We have an institution-wide commitment to inclusion and diversity and 



encourage all qualified individuals to apply. Veterans' preference. Upon 
request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be 
provided to individuals with disabilities. [R]

Illinois

Augustana C

English, 
639 38th St Rock Island IL 61201

Visiting Assistant Professor (renewable) 15755

http:// augustanafaculty .org

English-
Augustana College invites applications for a Visiting Assistant 
Professor of English. 
This is a full-time, one-year, renewable visiting position. 
PhD in English 
with specialization in British literature of the Restoration 
and 18th Centuries is required. A secondary interest in creative 
writing is preferred. Primary teaching responsibilities include core composition 
and literature courses, upper-level literature and writing courses 
in the English 
Department, as well as course in the General education 
program. Qualifications: A commitment to teaching composition is a 
must. A strong candidate must demonstrate a desire to teach, mentor, and 
advise undergraduates, to facilitate the growth of the English 
and Creative 
Writing programs, and to support the mission of Augustana College.

Details about Augustana, our expectation of the faculty, the selection process 
and the Quad Cities all are available at the Faculty Search website: 
http:// www .augustanafaculty .org/.

To apply, send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts (copies 
are fine), teaching statement, a writing sample, evidence of teaching effectiveness, 
and three current letters of recommendation to: Search #104–12 
English, 
C/O Dr. Pareena Lawrence, Dean of the College, Augustana 
College, 639 – 38th Street, Rock Island, IL 61201. Questions may be directed 
to the co-chair of the department, Joseph McDowell at JosephMcdowell@ 
augustana .edu. Application review will begin on November 1, 
2011, for consideration of an interview at the January 2012 MLA.

Columbia C, Chicago

English, 
600 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605

CHAIR, Department of Humanities, History, and Social Sciences 15887

http:// employment .colum .edu/

Columbia College Chicago seeks an accomplished leader, excellent 
scholar-teacher, and knowledgeable advocate to demonstrate through 
previous positions significant leadership experience and a strong record 
of collaboration, and to show evidence of prominent, ongoing scholarship 
and outstanding teaching; we seek someone with good sense and good 
humor. Successful candidates must hold the doctorate in a discipline represented 
in the Department and must be well qualified for tenure at the 
associate or higher level, ideally at the rank of Professor.

The Chair will understand and value multiple constituencies, supporting 
existing efforts while finding constructive strategies with which to bring 
together multiple areas of interest and diverse members of the faculty and 
staff within the Department to the benefit of programs and students.

View the complete position description and apply online, by November 
30, 2011, at https:// employment .colum .edu (Job ID 100259).

www .COLUM .edu

EOE

Illinois C

Academic Affairs, 1101 W College Av Jacksonville IL 62650

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
15622

http:// www.ic.edu

The Illinois College English 
Department seeks applications for a Visiting 
Assistant Professor position in writing, beginning August 2012. The position 
is for one year, with a definite possibility of another year. The new 
faculty member will teach fiction, new media/ journalistic writing, and 
introductory writing. Experience with other genres, such as scriptwriting, 
playwriting, and nonfiction is also desirable. For more information, 
see http:// www.ic.edu/ employment. [R]

Millikin U

English, 
1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522

Assistant Professor in Writing and Rhetoric and First-Year Writing 
Coordinator 15859

http:// millikin .edu

Assistant Professor in Writing and Rhetoric and First-Year Writing Coordinator, 
tenure track, beginning August 1, 2012. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and 
Composition or related writing field. Teaching responsibilities include 
first-year writing and advanced writing and rhetoric courses in Millikin 
University's nationally-recognized, integrated Writing Program, with opportunities 
to develop course offerings in the candidate's area of expertise. 
Millikin values the autonomy and creativity of faculty and encourages 
all faculty to teach in the University Studies program. Expected load is 
4/3, which includes a course release for responsibilities as Coordinator 
of Millikin’s university-wide first-year writing program. Millikin expects 
faculty members to excel at teaching, develop a program of ongoing 
scholarship, and contribute to Departmental, College, and University service. 
Opportunities for faculty to collaborate with students in research are 
available. Required: Ph.D. by August 1 and record of teaching excellence.

Millikin University is a private, comprehensive institution serving approximately 
2,300 undergraduate, graduate, full-time and part-time 
students who study in four colleges/ schools: Arts and Sciences, Business, 
Fine Arts and Professional Studies. Situated on an attractive seventy-acre 
campus in Decatur, Illinois (population of 85,000), Millikin is located 
180 miles southwest of Chicago, 150 miles west of Indianapolis, and 
120 miles northeast of St. Louis. A Millikin education is characterized 
by performance learning—a unique approach to learning that builds the 
confidence to succeed before and after graduation. Students apply their 
learning to experiences both in Decatur and around the world. A vibrant 
campus community engages students in more than 90 student organizations 
and a close-knit Greek community. Millikin Big Blue athletics include 
19 NCAA Division III teams as well as junior varsity teams and 
intramurals. In 2010, 98% of Millikin graduates gained employment or 
entry into graduate/ professional school within six months of graduation.

Information about the Millikin University Department of English 
is available 
at http:// www .millikin .edu/ english. 
Address your application letters 
to Dr. Stephen Frech, Chair of the English 
Department, 1184 W. Main 
Street, Decatur, IL 62522. E-mail inquiries to sfrech@ millikin .edu and 
letters of reference for candidates should be sent to czelhart@ millikin .edu.

Applicants should complete an online application by submitting materials 
at www .millikin .edu/ humanresources, which will be forwarded to the 
Academic Search Committee. Please attach a vita, letter that addresses experience 
and philosophy of teaching, three letters of reference and graduate 
transcripts. Three letters of reference should be submitted directly 
to czelhart@ millikin .edu. Review of applications will begin November 
15, 2011 and continue until the position is filled. Offer of employment 
is contingent upon successful completion of background check and 
pending budgetary approval. Millikin University is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Millikin U

English, 
1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522

Visiting Lecturer or Instructor in Rhetoric and Composition 15856

http:// millikin .edu

Visiting Lecturer or Instructor in Writing and Rhetoric for Spring semester 
2012. M.A. or ABD in Rhetoric and Composition or related writing 
field. Teaching responsibilities include the second semester of our two required 
first year writing courses; the Applied Writing Theory course (an 



upper level course for all English 
Writing and English 
Education majors 
that serves an introduction to 20th century/ contemporary writing theory), 
and either a US Cultural Studies or a Global Issues course in our University 
Studies offerings. Millikin values the autonomy and creativity of faculty 
and encourages all faculty to teach in the University Studies program.

Millikin University is a private, comprehensive institution serving approximately 
2,300 undergraduate, graduate, full-time and part-time 
students who study in four colleges/ schools: Arts and Sciences, Business, 
Fine Arts and Professional Studies. Situated on an attractive seventy-acre 
campus in Decatur, Illinois (population of 85,000), Millikin is located 
180 miles southwest of Chicago, 150 miles west of Indianapolis, and 
120 miles northeast of St. Louis. A Millikin education is characterized 
by performance learning—a unique approach to learning that builds the 
confidence to succeed before and after graduation. Students apply their 
learning to experiences both in Decatur and around the world. A vibrant 
campus community engages students in more than 90 student organizations 
and a close-knit Greek community. Millikin Big Blue athletics include 
19 NCAA Division III teams as well as junior varsity teams and 
intramurals. In 2010, 98% of Millikin graduates gained employment or 
entry into graduate/ professional school within six months of graduation.

Information about the Millikin University Department of English 
is available 
at http:// www .millikin .edu/ english. 
Address your application letters 
to Dr. Stephen Frech, Chair of the English 
Department, 1184 W. Main 
Street, Decatur, IL 62522. E-mail inquiries to sfrech@ millikin .edu., and 
letters of reference for candidates should be sent to czelhart@ millikin .edu.

Applicants should complete an online application at www .millikin .edu/ 
humanresources, which will be forwarded to the Academic Search Committee. 
Please attach a vita, letter that addresses experience and philosophy 
of teaching, three letters of reference and graduate transcripts. Three 
letters of reference should be submitted directly to czelhart@ millikin 
.edu. Review of applications will begin October 19, 2011 and continue 
until the position is filled. Offer of employment is contingent upon successful 
completion of background check and pending budgetary approval. 
Millikin University is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Millikin U

English, 
1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522

Assistant Professor of Professional Writing & Publishing 15858

http:// millikin .edu

Assistant Professor in Professional Writing and Publishing, tenure track, 
beginning August 1, 2012. Teaching responsibilities (12 hours per semester) 
include courses in professional writing; print media, editing, and publishing; 
web publishing and digital media; and first-year writing. Millikin 
values the autonomy and creativity of faculty and encourages all faculty to 
teach in the University Studies program. Millikin expects faculty members 
to excel at teaching, develop a program of ongoing scholarship, and contribute 
to Departmental, College, and University service. Opportunities for 
faculty to collaborate with students in research and to develop online publications 
such as journals, magazines, electronic books or newspapers are 
available. Required: Ph.D. by August 1 and record of teaching excellence.

Millikin University is a private, comprehensive institution serving approximately 
2,300 undergraduate, graduate, full-time and part-time 
students who study in four colleges/ schools: Arts and Sciences, Business, 
Fine Arts and Professional Studies. Situated on an attractive seventy-acre 
campus in Decatur, Illinois (population of 85,000), Millikin is located 
180 miles southwest of Chicago, 150 miles west of Indianapolis, and 
120 miles northeast of St. Louis. A Millikin education is characterized 
by performance learning—a unique approach to learning that builds the 
confidence to succeed before and after graduation. Students apply their 
learning to experiences both in Decatur and around the world. A vibrant 
campus community engages students in more than 90 student organizations 
and a close-knit Greek community. Millikin Big Blue athletics include 
19 NCAA Division III teams as well as junior varsity teams and 
intramurals. In 2010, 98% of Millikin graduates gained employment or 
entry into graduate/ professional school within six months of graduation.

Information about the Millikin University Department of English 
is available 
at http:// www .millikin .edu/ english. 
Address your application letters 
to Dr. Stephen Frech, Chair of the English 
Department, 1184 W. Main 
Street, Decatur, IL 62522. E-mail inquiries to sfrech@ millikin .edu., and 
letters of reference for candidates should be sent to czelhart@ millikin .edu.

Applicants should complete an online application by submitting materials 
at www .millikin .edu/ humanresources, which will be forwarded to the 
Academic Search Committee. Please attach a vita, letter that addresses experience 
and philosophy of teaching, three letters of reference and graduate 
transcripts. Three letters of reference should be submitted directly 
to czelhart@ millikin .edu. Review of applications will begin November 
15, 2011 and continue until the position is filled. Offer of employment 
is contingent upon successful completion of background check and 
pending budgetary approval. Millikin University is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

North Central C

English, 
30 N Brainard St, CM 375 Naperville IL 60540

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 15958

http:// www .northcentral .edu

North Central College invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Creative Writing with expertise in multiple genres to begin Fall 2012. 
The successful candidate will have a PhD (preferred) or MFA in Creative 
Writing in hand by September 1, 2012. Applicants should demonstrate 
potential for excellence in undergraduate teaching within a liberal arts 
setting and a strong commitment to publication. The position includes 
teaching creative writing and composition courses and offers opportunities 
to participate in North Central’s interdisciplinary programs. Appointment 
at the rank of assistant professor is anticipated, but higher rank may 
be considered for suitably qualified candidates.

Send letter of application describing teaching philosophy and creative/ research 
interests along with curriculum vita to Dr. Martha Bohrer, Chair, 
Creative Writing Search; c/o Office of Academic Affairs; North Central 
College, 30 N. Brainard Street, Naperville, IL 60540. Review of applications 
will begin November 11, 2011 and continue until the position is 
filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the annual convention 
of the Modern Language Association in January 2012 (Seattle).

North Central College, founded in 1861, is a selective, comprehensive 
liberal arts institution of 2900 students, located in Naperville, 30 miles 
west of Chicago, with convenient Metra train access to Chicago and its 
many networks and resources that serve the campus community. The 
College’s suburban locale, home to 145,000 people and a vibrant local 
downtown, is one of Money magazine’s “Best Places to Live.” See http:// 
www .northcentralcollege .edu/ for more information about North Central 
College and the department. Applicants who would enrich the diversity 
of the campus community are strongly encouraged to apply. EOE. [R]

Northern Illinois U

English, 
1425 Lincoln Hwy De Kalb IL 60115

Assistant or Associate Professor of 16th-Century 
British Literature 15823

http:// www .engl .niu .edu

The Department of English 
at Northern Illinois University anticipates 
making a tenure-track appointment in English, 
beginning fall semester 
2012, at the rank of assistant or associate professor, with a specialty in 
16th-century 
British prose and poetry. The candidate must be prepared 
to teach graduate and undergraduate courses in British Renaissance literature, 
along with other courses in the undergraduate curriculum.

Required: Ph.D. in English 
by time of appointment and research program.

Send: Vita, letter of application that expresses teaching and research interests, 
and names of three references to Philip Eubanks, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL 60115. The 
department and the university are committed to the principle of diversity 
and welcome applications from candidates who can contribute to this objective. 
E-mail applications should be sent to eubanks1@ niu .edu, with 



attachments in PDF format. For more information please visit www .engl 
.niu .edu.

Deadline: Complete applications must be RECEIVED on or before November 
15, 2011.

In accordance with applicable statutes and regulations, NIU is an equal 
opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, national origin, ancestry, sex, religion, age, physical and mental 
disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
gender expression, political affiliation, or any other factor unrelated 
to professional qualifications, and will comply with all applicable federal 
and state statutes, regulations and orders pertaining to nondiscrimination, 
equal opportunity and affirmative action.

A pre-employment criminal background investigation is required. [R]

Northern Illinois U

English, 
1425 Lincoln Hwy De Kalb IL 60115

Assistant or Associate Professor of 17th-Century 
British Literature 15822

http:// www .engl .niu .edu

The Department of English 
at Northern Illinois University anticipates 
making a tenure-track appointment in English, 
beginning fall semester 
2012, at the rank of assistant or associate professor, with a specialty in 
17th-century 
British prose and poetry. The candidate must be prepared 
to teach graduate and undergraduate courses in British Renaissance literature, 
along with other courses in the undergraduate curriculum.

Required: Ph.D. in English 
by time of appointment and research program.

Send: Vita, letter of application that expresses teaching and research interests, 
and names of three references to Philip Eubanks, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL 60115. The department 
and the university are committed to the principle of diversity and 
welcome applications from candidates who can contribute to this objective. 
E-mail applications should be sent to eubanks1@ niu .edu, with attachments 
in PDF format. For more information please visit www .engl 
.niu .edu.

Deadline: Complete applications must be RECEIVED on or before November 
15, 2011.

In accordance with applicable statutes and regulations, NIU is an equal 
opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, national origin, ancestry, sex, religion, age, physical and mental 
disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
gender expression, political affiliation, or any other factor unrelated 
to professional qualifications, and will comply with all applicable federal 
and state statutes, regulations and orders pertaining to nondiscrimination, 
equal opportunity and affirmative action.

A pre-employment criminal background investigation is required. [R]

U of Illinois, Chicago

English, 
2027 University Hall 601 S Morgan St, m/c162 Chicago IL 60607

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric 15649

http:// https:// jobs .uic .edu/ default .cfm?page=job&jobID=12225

Department of English 
(MC 162)

University of Illinois at Chicago

601 South Morgan Street

Chicago, IL 60607

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric. Beginning fall 2012. Candidates must be 
committed to making a significant contribution to the intellectual life of 
the English 
department as well as to broader discussions throughout the 
university. In addition to expertise in the history and theory of rhetoric, 
an interest in any of the following interdisciplinary areas is preferred: civic 
engagement, urban theory, social theory, political theory, economics, anthropology, 
health sciences, media/ communications, visual studies, and 
literary theory. Applications from women and minorities are encouraged. 
The University of Illinois is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Applicants should be ABD or have PhD in hand. For fullest 
consideration, please complete an application and upload letter of application, 
cv, and writing sample (maximum 25 pages) to our online job site 
at https:// jobs .uic .edu by November 5, 2011. Click on “Job Search”; in 
Keywords, type “Rhetoric”; click on the job title, then click on “Apply 
Now,” and create an account. Send (by mail) three letters of recommendation 
to Barbara Powell at the above mailing address. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue through November 5, 2011 or 
until the position is filled. Final authorization of the position is subject to 
availability of state funding.

Assistant Professors in the Department of English 
at the University of Illinois 
at Chicago have a 2/2 teaching load and are expected to teach undergraduate 
and graduate classes; conduct research that has the potential to 
result in publication; advise students at the graduate level; and provide service 
as appropriate to the department, the university, and the profession.

At minimum applicants should have ABD status, and a demonstrated aptitude 
for scholarly publication. For fullest consideration, please complete 
an application and upload letter of application, cv, and writing sample 
(maximum 25 pages) to our online job site by clicking the Apply Now 
button by November 5, 2011.

U of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign

Spanish, Ital, & Port, 707 S Mathews-4080 FLB/mc176 Urbana IL 61801

Assistant Professor in Second Language Acquisition 15638

http:// www .linguistics .illinois .edu

The Department of Linguistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-
Champaign invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position in 
Second Language Acquisition with specialization in psycholinguistics, 
neurolinguistics, or cognitive neuroscience of language, at the rank of Assistant 
Professor. The PhD should be in hand prior to the target date of 
appointment, August 16, 2012. To ensure full consideration, all required 
materials must be received no later than December 1, 2011. For complete 
details, see http:// www .linguistics .illinois .edu/. Illinois is an AA-EOE 
(www .inclusiveillinois .illinois .edu)

Indiana

Butler U

English, 
4600 Sunset Av Indianapolis IN 46208

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 15777

http:// www .butler .edu/ english/


The English 
Department of Butler University in Indianapolis seeks to fill 
a full-time, tenure-track position in Creative Writing at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, beginning Fall 2012. Primary qualifications in Prose (fiction 
and/or nonfiction) with secondary qualifications in one or more of the following: 
screenwriting, genre fiction, game design and narrative, digital literature 
and/or publishing, science/ health/ environmental writing, graphic 
novel. Experience with a variety of teaching methods, and working with 
diverse communities, are also desirable qualities of the successful candidate.

Requirements: one book with a nationally recognized press, and/or publications 
in literary journals, as well as excellence in university teaching. 
MFA or Ph.D. in field also required.

Teaching responsibilities include 3–3 course load, divided among the 
MFA program, undergraduate creative writing, and Core Curriculum. 
Review of applications will begin on November 1 and continue until position 
is filled. Interviews at MLA. Please send cover letter and vita to Andrew 
Levy, Search Chair, Department of English, 
Butler University, 4600 
Sunset Avenue, Indianapolis, IN 46208.

Butler University is a comprehensive liberal-arts based institution with 
roughly 4400 students, located in a residential area of Indianapolis. Butler 
is committed to enhancing the diversity of the student body and our faculty 
and staff. In addition, hiring and other employment-related decisions 
are made on the basis of an individual's qualifications, past experience, 



overall performance and other employment-related criteria. It is the policy 
of the University to provide equal opportunities for employment and 
advancement for all individuals regardless of age, gender, race, religion, 
color disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, national origin or any 
other legally protected category.

DePauw U

English, 
100 E Seminary 324 Asbury Hall Greencastle IN 46135

Assistant Professor of English 
and Coordinator of English 
for Academic 
Purposes 15640

http:// www .depauw .edu

The English 
Department and Academic Affairs Office at DePauw University 
invite applications for renewable three-year term position beginning 
Fall 2012. Seeking candidate eligible to teach intensive writing courses for 
non-native speakers of English, 
and to provide English-
language tutoring, 
advising, and assistance to international students. Minimum qualifications: 
M.A., M.S., or D.A. as terminal degrees in ESL/ EAP and/or 
TESOL, or ABD or Ph.D. in similar appropriate field; experience teaching 
writing courses for international students; prior administrative experience; 
outstanding verbal and written communication skills; demonstrated 
effectiveness working with international, multicultural, and first-generation 
students; commitment to working in liberal-arts setting. Salary/ rank 
commensurate with experience. Submit letter of application, cv, and three 
letters of recommendation to Deborah Geis, Chair, English 
Department, 
DePauw University, Greencastle, IN 46135. Application review begins 
immediately with initial interviews at MLA convention. DePauw University 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of underrepresented 
groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [R]

Franklin C

English, 
101 Branigin Blvd Franklin IN 46131

Assistant Professor of English 
15788

http:// www .franklincollege .edu

Franklin College invites applications for a tenure-track position in English 
to begin August, 2012. Located approximately 30 minutes from 
culturally rich downtown Indianapolis, Franklin College is a private, 
four-year liberal arts college.

The ideal candidate is a generalist who can teach creative writing and 
modern world literature. A demonstrated interest in advising the college’s 
student literary magazine is a plus, as is the ability to teach dramatic literature 
(Classical, Modern, and Contemporary) when needed. The candidate 
will teach composition on a regular basis. Broad service to the 
college such as advising and committee work is required.

Candidates who can demonstrate a dedication to teaching and a genuine 
interest in working with undergraduates in a small, collegial liberal 
arts setting that emphasizes close student-faculty interaction will be given 
preference. College-level teaching experience required. Intercultural experience 
and/or interest in intercultural issues is an asset. ABD or Ph.D. 
preferred; Ph.D. is required for tenure.

Review of applications will begin Friday, November 4, 2011 and will 
continue until the position is filled. Applicants should send letter of application, 
vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and three current letters 
of recommendation (at least one of which can speak to the candidate’s 
teaching effectiveness) to:

Employee Resources

Franklin College

Department of English


101 Branigin Blvd.

Franklin, IN 46131 or by e-mail to: employeeresources@ franklincollege 
.edu.

Applicants should have transcripts and a teaching portfolio (sample syllabi 
and assignments plus teaching evaluations) ready to provide upon request.

Franklin College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Individuals with the 
ability to contribute in meaningful ways to the college’s continuing commitment 
to cultural and gender diversity, pluralism, and individual differences 
are encouraged to apply. [R]

Purdue U, Calumet

English 
& Philos, CLO 217 Hammond IN 46323

Assistant Professor 19th-through 21st-Century 
British Literature 15994

http:// webs .purduecal .edu/ engphil/

Assistant Professor, tenure-track, beginning fall semester, 2012. The department 
is seeking a scholar in 19th and 20th/21st century British literature. 
Specialization within this time period is open, but an ideal candidate 
will be able to offer advanced undergraduate-and graduate-level courses 
in Romantic, Victorian, Modern, and Contemporary British literature. 
Completed PhD by the time of appointment is strongly preferred, though 
outstanding ABD candidates will be considered. Some preference will be 
given to candidates who can contribute to our creative writing courses. 
Regular duties include a 4/4 teaching load (some release time will be 
available), participation in departmental and university committee work, 
and ongoing engagement in scholarly research.

Purdue University Calumet is an academically comprehensive regional 
university, part of the world-class Purdue University system. It is located 
in Hammond, Indiana, less than 25 miles southeast of downtown Chicago 
near the shores of Lake Michigan, with easy access to such major research 
libraries such as the Newberry and the Regenstein. Purdue Calumet offers 
associate, baccalaureate and master’s degrees, plus professional certificates 
in a wide range of fields including the liberal arts; natural, behavioral, 
and social sciences; and professional programs for nursing, management/ 
business, and education, as well as such traditional Purdue strengths as engineering 
and technology. The student body of approximately 10,000 is 
diverse, with an enrollment that includes some 31 percent minority students, 
and more Hispanic students than any other Indiana university or 
college. Purdue Calumet serves both commuter and residential students, 
with apartment-style student housing facilities.

Submit by December 1 letter, CV, writing sample (up to 20 pages), three 
letters of recommendation, and transcripts (unofficial ones accepted at this 
point) to: British Literature Search Committee, Department of English 
& Philosophy, CLO 217, Purdue University Calumet, 2200 169th Street, 
Hammond, IN 46323. Review of completed applications begins November 
15, 2011, and will continue until the position is filled.

Saint Mary's C

English, 
PO Box 14, Spes Unica Hall Notre Dame IN 46556

Assistant Professor of Global Anglophone literature 15829

http:// www .saintmarys .edu/ hr-employment-faculty

Saint Mary's College seeks a tenure track assistant professor in English, 
beginning August 2012. Area of specialization: Global Anglophone, with 
regional specialty such as Sub-Saharan Africa, African diaspora, the Caribbean, 
Latin America, the Middle East, or South Asia. Contemporary 
emphasis particularly welcome.

Course load 3/3 (10 credits a semester). The appointee will receive a one-
course reduction in his/ her first semester. Ph.D. with teaching experience 
required. Teaching responsibilities include one writing-intensive first-year 
course ("Language & Literature") and two literature courses a semester. (An 
upper-level writing course is also a possibility.) Dedication to undergraduate 
teaching and evidence of potential in research and publication are expected.

Candidates should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and 
three letters of recommendation to Rosalind Clark, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Saint Mary's College, P O Box 14, Spes Unica Hall, Notre 
Dame, IN 46556. Applications must be received by November 7th.

Saint Mary's College is a Roman Catholic, residential women's college 
committed to the liberal arts tradition. Saint Mary's College is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
In keeping with the College's mission, Saint 
Mary's is committed to increasing its racial and ethnic diversity at all 



levels—students, faculty, and staff—and seeks applications from candidates 
who share this commitment. [R]

U of Notre Dame

University Writing Program, 205 Coleman-Morse Notre Dame IN 
46556

Assistant Teaching Professor 15652

http:// uwp.nd.edu

The University Writing Program of the University of Notre Dame invites 
applications for the position of Assistant Teaching Professor of Writing 
and Rhetoric. This is a full-time, renewable, non-tenure track position in 
a dynamic writing program serving undergraduate students. The person 
hired will teach three sections of composition each semester, serve as a 
mentor to graduate students and other instructors, and contribute to the 
intellectual life of the program. Our courses are capped at 16 students.

We seek applicants with strong teaching records and a commitment to 
program development.

Requirements: A PhD or ABD in rhetoric and composition. Relevant 
qualifications include knowledge of one or more of the following: writing 
across the curriculum; computer-mediated writing instruction; English 
as 
a second language instruction; community-based learning; assessment. At 
least three years of teaching experience and a research agenda in rhetoric 
and composition are desirable.

Salary: Commensurate with experience

Closing Date: November 15, 2011

Instructions: Applicants may send cover letter, curriculum vitae, and letters 
of recommendation to: Terri O’Bryan, University Writing Program, 
205 Coleman Morse Center, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 
46556.

The University of Notre Dame, a private Catholic university, is an equal 
opportunity employer 
and is strongly committed to the diversity of our 
faculty and staff. We invite applications from women, minority and Catholic 
candidates, and from other candidates whose work may contribute to 
the distinctive mission of the University.

For more information about the University Writing Program at Notre 
Dame, visit: http:// uwp.nd.edu [R]

Valparaiso U

Christ C, The Honors College, 1300 Chapel Drive Valparaiso IN 46383

Honors College Faculty Position 15741

http:// www .valpo .edu/ christcollege/

Christ College, the interdisciplinary honors college of Valparaiso University, 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in literature, philosophy, 
or ethics at the assistant or associate level, beginning August 2012. 
Candidates in world literature or area studies are especially encouraged 
to apply.

Ph.D. must be completed by December 2011.

Valparaiso University does not unlawfully discriminate and aims to employ 
persons of various backgrounds and experiences to help constitute a 
diverse community. Its entire EOE policy can be found at: http:// www 
.valpo .edu/ equalopportunity/ index .php.

Successful applicants will demonstrate a commitment to cultural diversity 
and the ability to work with individuals or groups from diverse backgrounds.


The successful candidate will demonstrate commitment to undergraduate 
teaching and an active research agenda; enthusiasm for interdisciplinary 
studies; and interest in working at a university engaged in issues in Christian 
higher education in the Lutheran tradition.

Application deadline: October 28, 2011.

Please access http:// www .valpo .edu/ administration/ facultyopenings .php 
for instructions on how to apply. [R]

Iowa

Iowa SU

English, 
203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011

Assistant or Associate Professor of Applied Computational Linguistics 15884

http:// www .iastatejobs .com

The English 
Department at Iowa State University is seeking applications 
for an Assistant or Associate Professor of applied computational linguistics 
with an emphasis in evaluation of English 
learners’ linguistic production. 
At the undergraduate level will teach courses in linguistics and foundation 
courses in English. 
At the graduate level will teach courses in two Ph.D. 
programs, Rhetoric and Professional Communication and Applied Linguistics 
and Technology, at both MA and PhD levels. Graduate courses 
including computational analysis of English, 
second language assessment, 
second language acquisition according to specialty. Research areas of particular 
interest: pedagogical applications of natural language processing, 
assessment of second language, second language acquisition, and statistical 
approaches to the study of language.

Beginning January 2012 or August 2012 depending on availability. Ph.D. 
in computational linguistics or related field and potential for excellence 
in research and effectiveness in teaching required for Assistant Professor, 
tenure-track; Ph.D. in computational linguistics or related field, a demonstrated 
record of accomplishments in scholarship, including an outstanding 
publication record, and effectiveness in teaching required for 
Associate Professor, tenure-track or with tenure. ESL teaching and assessment 
experience, publications, and external research funding preferred. 
2/2 teaching load to begin.

To apply for this position, please apply through the Iowa State University 
website at www .iastatejobs .com and click on "Apply for the Vacancy" 
(#110850) and complete the Employment Application. Please be prepared 
to enter or attach the following: a letter of application/ cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, statement of teaching/ research interests, transcript or list of 
graduate courses, and contact information for three references. Application 
deadline is October 23, 2011. ISU is an EO/AA Employer. 
Women 
and members of historically underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R]

U of Iowa

Iowa Writers' Workshop /Prog in Creative Writing, 102 Dey House 
Iowa City IA 52242

Associate or Full Professor of Poetry, Iowa Writers’ Workshop 15818

http:// www .uiowa .edu/ ~iww

The Iowa Writers’ Workshop seeks a poet of national prominence for a 
position on its permanent faculty in poetry, at the rank of Associate or 
Full Professor. Candidates should have a distinguished record of book 
publication and substantial experience teaching poetry, preferably at the 
graduate level. Genuine interest in the work of student writers is essential. 
We will consider splitting the position: two individuals each at half-time. 
Start date is Fall, 2012.

Qualified candidates should apply online at http:// jobs .uiowa .edu (Requisition 
#59973) with a curriculum vita, a letter of application, a brief 
writing sample, and the names and contact information of three references. 
The application deadline is November 15, 2011. The Iowa Writers’ 
Workshop and the University of Iowa College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
are strongly committed to gender and ethnic diversity. The University 
of Iowa is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]



Kansas

Emporia SU

English, 
Mod Langs, & Journalism, 1200 Commercial St, CB 4019 
Emporia KS 66801

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 15932

http:// www .emporia .edu/ english


Emporia State University invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant 
professor position in Composition and Rhetoric to begin in August, 
2012. The doctorate is preferred, but ABD will be considered if the degree 
will be completed by the time of appointment. The normal teaching 
load is twelve hours per semester, including Composition program duties, 
as well as graduate and undergraduate courses in writing and rhetoric. 
Experience with curriculum and assessment desirable. Sub-specialization 
in applied linguistics of interest. Teaching, scholarly activity, and service 
are required. Screening begins December 1 and continues until the position 
is filled. Send a letter of application, a current curriculum vitae, and 
unofficial transcripts, and have a placement file or other documentation 
containing three letters of reference sent separately to William Clamurro, 
Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Modern Languages, 
and Journalism, Campus Box 19, Emporia State University, Emporia, KS 
66801-5087. Address e-mail enquiries to wclamurr@ emporia .edu. Phone 
620-341-5216. An AA/EOE Institution, Emporia State University encourages 
minorities and women to apply. [R]

Emporia SU

English, 
Mod Langs, & Journalism, 1200 Commercial St, CB 4019 
Emporia KS 66801

Assistant Professor of American Literature 15931

http:// www .emporia .edu/ english


Emporia State University invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant 
professor position in American literature, expertise in ethnic literature 
desirable, to begin in August, 2012. The doctorate is preferred, but ABD 
will be considered if the degree will be completed by the time of appointment. 
The normal teaching load is twelve hours per semester, including 
graduate and undergraduate courses in literature, writing, and literary 
criticism. Teaching, scholarly activity, and service are required. Screening 
begins December 1 and continues until the position is filled. Send a letter 
of application, a current curriculum vitae, and unofficial transcripts, and 
have a placement file or other documentation containing three letters of 
reference sent separately to William Clamurro, Chair, Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
Modern Languages, and Journalism, Campus 
Box 19, Emporia State University, Emporia, KS 66801-5087. Address 
e-mail enquiries to wclamurr@ emporia .edu. Phone 620-341-5216. An 
AA/EOE Institution, Emporia State University encourages minorities 
and women to apply. [R]

Wichita SU

English, 
1845 Fairmount Wichita KS 67260

Assistant Professor 15843

http:// www .wichita .edu/ english


The Department of English 
at Wichita State University is now accepting 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship in Modern British 
Literature. The successful candidate will supervise MA theses and 
teach three courses per semester, with primary assignments in graduate 
and upper division literature courses as well as lower division courses 
within the major. All faculty may teach general education and composition 
courses as needs arise. Secondary preparation in British Victorian 
Literature required; secondary preparation in contemporary British or 
Anglophone, World Literature, poetry, and/or the Bible as literature especially 
desired. Candidates must show successful teaching experience at 
the university level and strong evidence of significant scholarly promise; 
publications are highly desirable. PhD at time of appointment mandatory. 
Applicants should provide evidence of interest in teaching a diverse student 
population. The position is a 9 month appointment. Wichita State 
University is an EOE/AA institution. Offers of employment are contingent 
upon completion of a satisfactory criminal background check as required 
by Kansas Board of Regents policy. Candidates must go on line at 
http:// jobs .wichita .edu by October 17 to apply for the position and submit 
a letter of interest and CV. In addition, send three letters of reference and 
transcripts of graduate education (unofficial accepted at this time), postmarked 
no later than October 17, to:

Dr. Mary Waters

Modern British Literature Search Committee

Department of English, 
Box 14

Wichita State University

Wichita, KS 67260-0014

Additional materials may be requested at a later date. Preliminary interviews 
at the MLA convention in Seattle, WA during January 2012. The 
position will remain open until filled. [R]

Wichita SU

English, 
1845 Fairmount Wichita KS 67260

Assistant Professor of English 
15842

http:// www .wichita .edu/ english


Department of English, 
Wichita State University, 1845 Fairmount, Wichita, 
KS 67260

Assistant Professor in Shakespeare and Renaissance and Early Modern 
British Literature

http:// www .wichita .edu/ english


The Department of English 
at Wichita State University is now accepting 
applications for a tenure track assistant professorship in Shakespeare and 
British Literature 1500–1700, beginning in Fall 2012. Ph.D. required at 
time of appointment. Publications are desirable, and a record of successful 
teaching with a diverse student body is required. Also helpful would be a 
secondary competence in medieval literature and experience inteaching 
the History of the English 
Language, the Bible as Literature and World 
Literature. All faculty teach general education courses and composition as 
needs arise. Course load is 3/3, and will include both graduate and undergraduate 
offerings and the direction of M.A. theses. Salary is competitive, 
and Wichita State University is anAffirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Application deadline is November 1, 2011. Candidates should 
first submit a cover letter and CV online at http:// jobs .wichita .edu, and 
then send three letters of reference, transcripts of graduateeducation, and 
an article-length writing sample to:

William F. Woods

Chair, Renaissance Search Committee

Department of English, 
Box 14

Wichita State University

Wichita, KS 67260-0014

Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention in Seattle in January 
2012. Offers of employment are contingent upon completion of a 
satisfactory criminal background check as required by Kansas Board of 
Regents policy. [R]

Kentucky

Transylvania U

English, 
300 N Broadway Lexington KY 40508

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
15774

http:// www .transy .edu

http:// www .transy .edu/ english




Tenure-track position in Early Modern literature, beginning September 1, 
2012, with responsibility for upper level courses in Shakespeare and Milton. 
Ph.D. (or ABD with completion date scheduled), teaching experience, 
and a commitment to the goals of liberal arts education required. 
Evidence of teaching excellence and ability to develop topical courses for 
the GE curriculum an advantage. Such courses might reflect a range of 
interests, including film studies and gender studies. Duties include three 
courses per semester plus one short-term course in May providing opportunities 
for travel and the development of special, innovative classes. Will 
contribute on a rotating basis to the University’s first-year interdisciplinary 
liberal-arts program. Opportunity to apply to an endowed fund for faculty 
development that supports research. Bingham Awards for Excellence 
in Teaching may provide start-up awards for recent Ph.D.s or substantial 
salary supplements after tenure. Transylvania University is an independent, 
residential, liberal arts college of 1,100 in Lexington, Kentucky.

Send only a cover letter and CV at this time to Prof. Kremena Todorova, 
Chair of Search Committee, by November 11, 2011. Please submit cover 
letter and CV as PDF documents to englishjob@ 
transy .edu. We will interview 
selected candidates at the MLA Annual Convention in Seattle. 
Transylvania University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and is committed 
to building a faculty that reflects the diversity of American society. 
Women and members of minority groups are strongly encouraged to 
apply. [R]

U of Louisville

Classical & Mod Langs, 2301 S Third St, 326 Bingham Hum Bldg 
Louisville KY 40292

Associate Professor, Digital Media 15991

http:// www .louisville .edu/ jobs

Associate Professor, Digital Media, University of Louisville, Fall 2012. 
The Department of English 
invites applications for an Associate Professor 
in Digital Media, to begin Fall 2012. Ph.D. and teaching experience required. 
Candidates should have a demonstrated commitment to pedagogy 
and the ability to do successful research. We are particularly interested 
in candidates with experience teaching digital production and expertise 
in one or more of the following areas of specialization: digital media 
and composition, new media studies, new literacies, digital humanities. 
Teaching load appropriate to a research institution; salary competitive. 
Course assignments range from undergraduate writing, which all professorial 
faculty teach, to seminars in an established, successful doctoral program 
in Rhetoric and Composition. Send letter, c.v., writing sample of no 
more than 25 pages, and teaching statement to Professor Debra Journet, 
Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Louisville, 
Louisville, KY 40292. Review of applications will begin November 
15 and continue until position is filled. All applicants must also apply 
online and attach a current version of their vita at http:// www .louisville 
.edu/ jobs. Please reference Job ID 27598. If you have trouble with the 
online application, please contact Steven Gonzales at 502-852-0504. The 
University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, and 
Americans with Disabilities Employer, 
committed to diversity, and in that 
spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates .

U of Louisville

Classical & Mod Langs, 2301 S Third St, 326 Bingham Hum Bldg 
Louisville KY 40292

Senior Professor of Global Humanities 15750

http:// www .Click2Apply .net/t59y28b

The University of Louisville invites applications for a Senior Professor 
of Global Humanities who will also serve as Director of the Humanities 
Ph.D. program, beginning July 1, 2012. The program seeks a scholar with 
a distinguished record of teaching and research. Expertise may include but 
should expand beyond the United States and Western Europe. While candidates 
may be based in a traditional discipline, the program is searching 
particularly for scholars who work from an interdisciplinary, international, 
and/or comparative perspective. Administrative experience is a plus. All 
applicants should submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and a list 
of three references with contact information through the University of 
Louisville's on-line portal at www .highereddecisions .com. Three letters of 
recommendation should be sent as e-mail attachments directly from your 
references to Lisa Schonburg (lkscho01@ louisville .edu). For priority consideration, 
please apply by November 15, 2011. For questions, contact Lisa 
Schonburg by e-mail or at 502-852-3887). The University of Louisville is 
an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer 
committed to diversity 
and, in that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates.

Western Kentucky U

English, 
1906 College Heights Blvd, 11086 Bowling Green KY 42101

Assistant Professor of English 
(2 positions) 15637

http:// www .wku .edu

Potter College of Arts & Letters

Department of English


The English 
Department at Western Kentucky University seeks applicants 
for two tenure-track positions beginning August 2012. Applicants must 
have demonstrated expertise in some combination of at least two of the 
following areas: twentieth-century 
British literature, postcolonial literature, 
world literature, dramatic literature, and film.

Required qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or related field; demonstrated 
excellence in and commitment to undergraduate teaching and general 
education; record of scholarly and professional activities. Candidates must 
be willing to use classroom technologies and on occasion to teach online, 
and must demonstrate interest in student engagement activities beyond 
the classroom.

Responsibilities: Teaching in the English 
general education program, advanced 
undergraduate courses in the areas of candidate’s expertise, and 
occasional courses in the English 
M.A program; maintaining an active 
scholarly agenda; and participating in university and departmental service.

Review of applications begins November 1, 2011, and will continue until 
the position is filled. Phone interviews will begin in early December. 
Candidates should submit the following (electronic submissions are acceptable):


• Letter of Application (specify fields of expertise)

• Teaching Philosophy statement

• Current Curriculum Vita

• Copies of all graduate transcripts (official copies only required prior to 
on-campus interviews)

• Three recent letters of recommendation

Submit to:

Dr. Karen Schneider, Dept. Head

Department of English


Western Kentucky University

1906 College Heights Blvd. #11086

Bowling Green, KY 42101-1086

Karen .Schneider@ wku .edu

Phone: (270) 745-3046 Fax: (270) 745-2533

For more information, visit our website at http:// www .wku .edu/ english/ 
index .php

Western Kentucky University does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, religion, or 
marital status in admission to career and technical education programs 
and/or activities, or employment practices in accordance with Title VI 
and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Educational 
Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 
Revised 1992, and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Persons 
with disabilities who need reasonable accommodations to participate in 
the application and/or selection process should notify the Office of Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action/ University ADA Services at (270) 745-
5121, a minimum of five working days in advance. [R]



Louisiana

Tulane U

English, 
6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118

Assistant Professor of English 
15674

http:// www .tulane .edu

Assistant Professor of English 
(1660–1800 British Literature)

The Department of English 
at Tulane University seeks to fill a tenure-
track position at the junior level in 1660–1800 British literature. Many 
faculty members in our department conduct interdisciplinary and cross-
cultural work in addition to their primary literary fields, and the Department 
seeks to build areas across periods, nationalities, disciplines, and 
approaches. Letters of application should envision the role that the applicant 
would play in building such areas.

Please submit a letter of application, vita, and a 25-page writing sample 
to engpos2@ tulane .edu by November 1 to Professor Michael Kuczynski, 
Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Tulane University, 
New Orleans, LA 70118. Applications will only be accepted and acknowledged 
electronically and should be sent as either Word or pdf files. 
Dossiers by request only. Interviews at MLA. Women and minorities are 
urged to apply. Tulane University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer.


Maryland

Johns Hopkins U

English, 
3400 N Charles St 14 Gilman Hall Baltimore MD 21218

Assistant Professor of Anglophone/ Postcolonial Literature 15965

http:// english 
.jhu .edu/

The English 
Department at Johns Hopkins University announces a search 
in Anglophone and postcolonial literatures at the rank of assistant professor. 
Candidates should hold a Ph.D. (or expect to complete a Ph.D. by 
July 1, 2012) in English 
or Comparative Literature. The teaching load is 
two courses per semester. Applicants should submit letter of application, 
abstract, c.v., and dossier by November 9, 2011 online at http:// www 
.interfolio .com/ apply/3119. Johns Hopkins is an Equal Opportunity and 
Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

Johns Hopkins U

English, 
3400 N Charles St 14 Gilman Hall Baltimore MD 21218

Associate or Full Professor of Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature 15964

http:// english 
.jhu .edu/

The English 
Department at Johns Hopkins University announces a 
search for a scholar of eighteenth-century 
British literature at the rank 
of associate or full professor. Additional expertise in Romantic literature 
highly desirable. The teaching load is two courses per semester. Applicants 
should submit letter of application, c.v, and writing sample of 25–30 
pages online at http:// www .interfolio .com/ apply/3118. Applications will 
be reviewed beginning December 1, 2011 but we will continue to accept 
applications until the position is filled. Johns Hopkins is an Equal Opportunity 
and Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

Loyola U Maryland

English, 
4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210

Assistant Professor, English 
(Poetry) 15605

http:// www .loyola .edu

Loyola University Maryland invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in modern and contemporary poetry. Faculty responsibilities include 
teaching three classes each semester, with no composition or creative 
writing; scholarly publication; and service to the department and university. 
Ph.D. required by August 2012. Salary is competitive. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply.

For more information, and to apply, please go to http:// careers .loyola 
.edu/hr. complete the application and attach a letter of interest and curriculum 
vitae. Application deadline: October 15, 2011.

Loyola University Maryland is a Jesuit, Catholic institution and an Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employer. 
The University welcomes applicants 
from all backgrounds who can contribute to our unique educational 
mission.

Loyola U Maryland

English, 
4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210

Assistant Professor, English 
(Romanticist) 15604

http:// www .loyola .edu

Loyola University Maryland invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in British Romantic literature. An interest in transatlantic approaches is 
desirable, but not required. Faculty responsibilities include teaching three 
classes each semester, with no composition; scholarly publication; and service 
to the department and university. Ph.D. required by August 2012. 
Salary is competitive. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.

For more information, and to apply, please go to http:// careers .loyola .edu, 
complete the application and attach a letter of interest and curriculum 
vitae. Application deadline: October 15, 2011.

Loyola University Maryland is a Jesuit, Catholic institution and an 
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. 
The College welcomes applicants 
from all backgrounds who can contribute to our unique educational 
mission.

Massachusetts

Boston C

English, 
140 Commonwealth Av Chestnut Hill MA 02467

Assistant Professor in American Literature and Culture to 1865 15968

http:// www.bc.edu/ schools/ cas/ english/


The Boston College English 
Department seeks an Assistant Professor 
(tenure-track, PhD required) in American Literature and Culture to 1865. 
Applications should include letter, c.v., writing sample (20–25 pages) and 
dossier, postmarked by November 4, 2011, and addressed to Suzanne 
Matson, Chair, Department of English, 
Boston College, Chestnut Hill, 
MA 02467. Please include a self-addressed postcard for acknowledgement. 
Boston College is committed to the policies, principles and practices of 
equal opportunity, affirmative action, and nondiscrimination.

Emerson C

Writing, Lit, & Publishing, 120 Boylston St Boston MA 02116

Lecturer: First-Year Writing Program 15973

http:// www .emerson .edu/ jobs

The Department of Writing, Literature & Publishing at Emerson College 
seeks a Lecturer for the First-Year Writing Program. This is a full-time, 
non-tenure track appointment, with a five-year limit, subject to annual 
reviews. The initial appointment is for the 2012–13 academic year beginning 
September 1, 2012.

A Ph.D. in composition and writing studies, or a M.F.A. (or other terminal 
degree) with experience teaching college composition is required. Preference 
will be given to candidates with experience mentoring graduate students 
and teaching graduate seminars on writing instruction, knowledge 
of genre-based course design in composition, and interest in writing program 
development and the integration of civic engagement into writing 
courses. This position emphasizes the professional development of the candidate 
hired. Responsibilities include teaching in the First-Year Writing 



Program, working with the Director of the First-Year Writing Program 
on program development, and mentoring graduate instructors.

Emerson College values campus multiculturalism as demonstrated by the 
diversity of its faculty, staff, student body, and constantly evolving curriculum. 
The successful candidate must have the ability to work effectively 
with faculty, students, and staff from diverse backgrounds. Members of 
historically under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. Emerson 
College is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
that encourages diversity in 
its workplace.

Send cover letter, curriculum vita, and names of three references to Meredith 
Jordan, Department Assistant, Department of Writing, Literature & 
Publishing, Emerson College, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. 
You must also fill out an online application form in addition to submitting 
your application materials directly to the department. Please visit http:// 
www .emerson .edu/ jobs to view this position and submit your information. 
Review of applications will begin November 1, 2011 and continue 
until the position is filled.

Emerson College is the only comprehensive college or university in the 
United States dedicated exclusively to communication and the arts in a 
liberal arts context. It is located on the Boston Common, in downtown 
Boston and in close proximity to major media outlets. [R]

Emerson C

Writing, Lit, & Publishing, 120 Boylston St Boston MA 02116

Chair of the Department of Writing, Literature & Publishing 15860

http:// www .emerson .edu/ jobs

The Department of Writing, Literature & Publishing at Emerson College 
seeks to fill the position of Department Chair, with the appointment at 
senior rank depending on experience and qualifications. The appointment 
begins August 15, 2012.

We invite applications and nominations of candidates with a terminal 
degree (M.F.A. or Ph.D.) or the professional equivalent in creative writing, 
literary studies, or publishing. We are looking for candidates with 
strengths in academic leadership, program development, and administration. 
Candidates are expected to have a strong record of professional accomplishment 
and significant publications, as well as evidence of teaching 
excellence.

Please send nominations and applications to Dr. Daniel Tobin, Interim 
Dean of the School of the Arts, Emerson College, 120 Boylston Street, 
Boston, MA 02116. For inquiries, please contact Lauren Azzalina, Assistant 
to the Dean, Lauren_ Azzalina@ emerson .edu. Applications should 
include a cover letter, curriculum vita, and three samples of creative and/
or scholarly work, as well as the names of three references. For best consideration, 
please submit applications and nominations by November 15, 
2011. Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.

Please visit http:// www .emerson .edu/ jobs for the full position posting. 
[R]

Massachusetts Inst of Tech

Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, Bldg 14E Room 303 
Cambridge MA 02139

Professor of Rhetorical Studies 15762

http:// writing .mit .edu/

MIT's Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies in the School of Humanities, 
Arts and Social Science seeks to appoint a distinguished scholar 
in rhetorical studies at the rank of tenured associate or full professor to 
start in the Fall of 2012. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in rhetoric or 
a relevant field of interdisciplinary rhetorical studies, with a distinguished 
record of publication, broad experience in developing innovative 
college level courses in rhetoric and communication; and a record 
of funded research in one or more areas of communication education or 
media literacy. The candidate will work collaboratively with colleagues 
in the Programs of Writing and Humanistic Studies, Comparative Media 
Studies, and Literature, while providing faculty level support for MIT's 
educational programs across the disciplines at MIT. Relevant areas of 
specialization include the history, theory and critical tradition of classical 
rhetoric; contemporary rhetorical studies in one or more academic or professional 
disciplines or fields of study; and oral presentation, visual studies, 
digital humanities, narrative, and media studies. Applicants should apply 
via AcademicJobsOnline at

(http:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1040) by December 1, 2011. 
MIT is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Massachusetts Inst of Tech

Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, Bldg 14E Room 303 
Cambridge MA 02139

Tenured Associate/ Full Professor, MIT Comparative Media Studies 15691

http:// cms .mit .edu/

MIT’s Program in Comparative Media Studies seeks applications for a 
tenured Professor beginning in September 2012. A PhD and an extensive 
record of publication, research activity and leadership are expected. 
We encourage applicants from a wide array of disciplinary backgrounds. 
The successful candidate will teach and guide research in one or more 
of the Program’s dimensions of comparativity (historical, methodological, 
cultural) across media forms. Expertise in the cultural and social implications 
of established media forms (film, television, radio, audio and visual 
cultures, or print) is as important as scholarship in one or more emerging 
areas such as games, social media, media literacies, digital arts and culture, 
internet research, network cultures, software studies, media industries, 
and transmedia storytelling. The position involves teaching graduate 
and undergraduate courses, developing and guiding collaborative research 
activities, and participating in the intellectual and creative leadership of 
the Program and the Institute. Candidates should demonstrate a record of 
effective teaching and thesis supervision, significant research/ creative activity, 
relevant administrative experience, and international recognition. 
CMS offers SB and SM programs and maintains a full roster of research 
initiatives and outreach activities [see http:// cms .mit .edu]. The program 
embraces the notion of comparativity and collaboration, and works across 
MIT’s various schools, and between MIT and the larger media landscape. 
Applications consisting of a curriculum vita, a statement of teaching philosophy 
and experience, a statement of current and future research plans, 
selected major publications 3 letters of recommendation should be submitted 
online by November 1, 2011 at: https:// academicjobsonline .org/ 
ajo/ jobs/1036. Hard copies of work samples may be sent to: Professor 
William Uricchio, Director, Comparative Media Studies, MIT, 77 Massachusetts 
Avenue, E15–313, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA. MIT is an affirmative 
action/ equal opportunity employer.


Massachusetts Inst of Tech

Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, Bldg 14E Room 303 
Cambridge MA 02139

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of Comparative Media Studies/ Game 
Studies, MIT 15690

MIT's Program in Comparative Media Studies in the School of Humanities, 
Arts and Social Science is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor of 
game studies to start in the fall of 2012. Candidates should have a Ph.D. 
with a record of significant publication (or the promise thereof), research 
activity and/or design experience relevant to game studies. We seek a candidate 
who will connect the work of our GAMBIT and Education Arcade 
research labs to the classroom, and who can direct innovative and 
multidisciplinary research. Relevant areas of specialization include the 
history, theory, sociology, psychology and criticism of games and play, 
and expertise in one or more of the following areas: game design; game 
engineering; player, playing and assessment methodologies; user behaviors 
and game economics; data analytics; and visual, narrative, and audio 
design. Fluency in a broader array of humanities-based media studies 
and experience in game production will be considered a plus. Applicants 
should have teaching experience. Please submit a letter of application, 



C.V., three letters of recommendation, and work samples online by December 
1, 2011 at: https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1032. Hard 
copies of works samples may be sent to Prof. William Uricchio, Director, 
Program in Comparative Media Studies, MIT, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, 
E15–313, Cambridge, MA 02139. MIT is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer.


Northeastern U

Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies, 360 Huntington Av 405 LA 
Boston MA 02115

Program Director of Women's, Gender, and Sexuality Studies 15721

http:// www .northeastern .edu/ womensstudies/

The Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies Program (WGSS) at Northeastern 
University in Boston (www .northeastern .edu/ womensstudies) invites 
nominations and applications for Director and Advanced Associate 
or Full Professor, with tenure, starting July 1, 2012. WGSS is a University-
wide interdisciplinary program offering graduate and undergraduate 
courses, active in the regional Graduate Consortium in Women’s Studies, 
and central to the interdisciplinary mission of the new College of Social 
Sciences and Humanities. We seek innovative candidates with collaborative 
skills and a vision for the future of Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality 
Studies to help expand a vibrant program. To apply, please visit the College 
of Social Sciences and Humanities website, http:// www .northeastern 
.edu/ cssh/, and click on the Faculty Positions link. The full advertisement 
is on the Program’s website, above. [R]

North Shore Comm C

English, 
1 Ferncroft Rd Danvers MA 01923

Full-Time Faculty, English 
15872

http:// www .northshore .edu

Division of Liberal Studies. MCCC/ MTA

Requires teaching writing courses (Composition 1 & Composition 2).

• Teach up to five courses or fifteen credits each semester in accordance 
with the collective bargaining agreement.

• Participate in departmental planning and curriculum development. 
Monitor the curriculum in English 
as a member of the department. Required 
meetings will be held in Danvers and in Lynn; candidate must be 
able to participate in meetings at both locations.

• Provide academic advising for students.

• Provide college service such as serving on governance committees.

• Perform other duties consistent with the provisions of the collective bargaining 
agreement.

REQUIREMENTS:

• Master’s degree in English 
is the minimal requirement. Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Composition preferred.

• Recent successful experience teaching Composition courses at the college 
level preferred.

• Recent successful experience teaching Literature courses preferred.

• Successful experience interacting with culturally diverse populations required.


• Knowledge of and experience with multimedia technology required.

• Willingness to teach online or hybrid courses preferred.

SALARY: Anticipated salary is $42,000 to approximately $45,000 per 
year plus fringe benefits. Actual salary will be determined in accordance 
with classification determination of MCCC/ MTA salary schedule commensurate 
with education and experience.

STARTING DATE: January, 2011

APPLY TO: http:// nscc .interviewexchange .com/ jobofferdetails 
.jsp?JOBID=27717

Submit resume/CV and cover letter by Friday, October 21, 2011.

Applicants selected for an interview will need to provide official academic 
transcripts and names or letters of at least three references.

U of Massachusetts, Boston

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing/ Poetry 15775

http:// www .umb .edu

Tenure-track position in Poetry-Writing, beginning September 1, 2012, 
at a lively, diverse urban university in a Department with over 480 undergraduate 
majors, over 100 master's students in literature, composition 
and creative writing, and an MFA program in creative writing. Responsibilities 
include teaching poetry and craft workshops, literature classes, 
and the pedagogy of creative writing, as well the future directorship of 
the MFA program. Secondary areas of expertise are of interest to us and 
should be described.

Qualifications: we seek candidates with at least one published volume of 
poetry and one under review, with experience in and strong commitment 
to teaching creative writing, literature, and the pedagogy of creative writing, 
with enthusiasm for working with talented undergraduate and graduate 
writers of all ages and backgrounds, and a willingness to become the 
future director of the MFA program. The course load is 2+2. Candidates 
must have PhD or MFA in hand by no later than August 2012.

Applications must be received by November 30, 2011. A cover letter 
and CV must be submitted online: http:// umb .interviewexchange .com/ 
candapply .jsp?JOBID=27556&jobboard=192. Three letters of reference 
and sample poems of no more than 20 pages should be emailed to Lisa 
.Greggo@ umb .edu or mailed to: Ms. Lisa Greggo, English 
Department, 
University of Massachusetts Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 
02125.

We are an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX employer.


U of Massachusetts, Boston

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125

Assistant Professor of Composition/ New Literacy Studies 15773

http:// www .umb .edu

Tenure-track position for a specialist in Composition and New Literacy 
Studies, beginning September 1, 2012, at a lively, diverse urban university 
in a department with over 480 undergraduate majors, over 100 Master’s 
students in literature, composition and creative writing, and an MFA program 
in creative writing. Strong candidates will be well-versed in a number 
of the following areas: theories and practices related to the composing 
process; assessing student writing; tutoring; language acquisition; literacy, 
migration and transnational social practices; multilingual and multimodal 
literacies.

Qualifications: candidates must have PhD in hand by no later than August 
2012. Responsibilities include teaching and developing courses that 
provide perspectives on composition and literacy relevant to students 
seeking licensure as English 
teachers and for Master's degree students who 
aspire to teach middle school or high-school English; 
teaching and developing 
courses for composition tutors in an urban context.

Applications must be received by November 30, 2011. A cover letter and 
CV must be submitted online at: http:// umb .interviewexchange .com/ 
candapply .jsp?JOBID=27555&jobboard=192. Three letters of reference 
and a writing sample of no more than 20 pages should be emailed to Lisa 
.Greggo@ umb .edu or mailed to: Ms. Lisa Greggo, English 
Department, 
University of Massachusetts Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 
02125.

The University of Massachusetts Boston is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity, Title IX employer.




U of Massachusetts, Lowell

English, 
61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854

Tenure-Track Assistant/ Associate Professor-Creative Writing—
Non-Fiction 15937

http:// www .uml .edu

The Department of English 
at the University of Massachusetts Lowell 
seeks an energetic and collaborative colleague for a full-time, tenure-track 
Assistant or Associate Professorship in Creative Writing—Non-Fiction. 
Teaching includes creative non-fiction workshops and other upper-level 
as well as introductory writing courses. We seek a colleague who will 
be able to create new courses based on areas of expertise for our developing 
concentration in Creative Writing. The successful candidate will 
be expected to pursue an active publishing agenda, to mentor students 
on individual and group projects, and to assist in outreach projects in the 
community and the region. Ability and willingness to develop interdisciplinary 
connections based on areas of expertise also desirable.

Requirements include MFA or PhD in Creative Writing with an emphasis 
in non-fiction; minimum 3 years teaching experience at the college level; 
strong record of publication; evidence of outstanding teaching and ability 
to mentor and organize student groups; excellent communication skills.

Located along the Merrimack River 30 minutes north of Boston, the 
University of Massachusetts Lowell serves a diverse population of 12,000 
students in over 120 degree programs. The city of Lowell is the birthplace 
of the American industrial revolution as well as of Jack Kerouac, 
and is home to a National Historical Park and a burgeoning local arts and 
culture scene. The University values its connections with the city and encourages 
its students to engage in interdisciplinary thinking, service, and 
experiential learning.

Application deadline: November 15, 2011. Review of applications will 
begin immediately. Initial interviews at the MLA Convention. Apply online 
at http:// jobs .uml .edu. Please submit cover letter, CV, and writing 
sample (up to 25 pages). Email addresses for three letters of reference will 
be required during the online application process. Position to begin September 
2012. [R]

Michigan

Alma C

English, 
614 W Superior Alma MI 48801

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial and Anglophone literature 15634

http:// www .alma .edu

The Department of English 
at Alma College invites applications for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor position. We invite applicants with expertise 
in Postcolonial and Anglophone World literatures. An emphasis on 20th 
century British, Southeast Asian, African, Middle Eastern, or Diaspora 
writings and an interest in transnational perspectives is particularly desirable, 
as is an ability to contribute to other areas of the departmental 
curriculum; applicants with strong secondary areas of expertise are encouraged 
to note relevant qualifications. All candidates must have experience 
in and a deep commitment to the teaching of writing.

A Ph.D. is required for tenure-track appointment. Alma’s full-time teaching 
load is six courses per year. All applicants should demonstrate excellent 
teaching skills and clear commitment to ongoing scholarship. Review 
of applications will begin November 1, 2011, with interviews at MLA. 
Applicants should email a letter of interest, vita, and names of three references 
to:

Laura von Wallmenich, Chair

English 
Department Search Committee

Alma College

vonwallmenich@ alma .edu

A Phi Beta Kappa institution, Alma is a selective, baccalaureate liberal 
arts college committed to academic excellence and an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. For more information about the College, visit www 
.alma .edu. [R]

Grand Valley SU

English, 
1 Campus Dr, 230 LHH Allendale MI 49401

19th-Century 
American Literature Assistant Professor 15764

Grand Valley State University Department of English 
seeks an assistant 
professor, tenure-track, specializing in 19th-Century 
American Literature. 
A variety of secondary specialties or areas of emphasis will be considered. 
The successful applicant should expect to teach foundation courses 
in genre studies and literary criticism/ theory. Teaching assignments will 
also include American literature survey courses, as well as upper-division 
and graduate courses in earlier American literature. Typical teaching load 
is 9 hours (three three-hour courses). PhD required, with proof of excellence 
in teaching and research. Minority candidates are especially encouraged 
to apply. Salary and benefits competitive. For information, visit 
www .gvsu .edu/ english. 
Apply online at www .gvsujobs .org. Include cover 
letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation. The online application 
system allows candidates to attach documents electronically. If you need 
assistance or have questions, please call Human Resources at (616) 331-
2215. Additional information about GVSU is available at www .gvsu .edu. 
Review of applications will begin November 7, 2011, and continue until 
the position is filled. We plan to interview candidates at MLA in Seattle.

GVSU is a four-year comprehensive university on two campuses in Allendale 
and Grand Rapids with 24000 students in undergraduate and 
graduate programs with a strong teaching focus.

Grand Valley State University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Institution. [R]

Michigan Tech U

Humanities, 1400 Townsend Dr Houghton MI 49931

Assistant Professor of Composition 15865

http:// www.hu.mtu .edu

The Department of Humanities at Michigan Technological University 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Composition 
to begin Fall 2012. Candidates should have a record of excellent teaching 
and scholarly work in composition studies, broadly defined. The preferred 
candidate will have expertise in one or more of the following areas: computers 
& composition, cross-language writing, visual/ multimodal composition, 
research methodologies, English 
education, pedagogy, literacy 
studies, writing program and/or writing center administration.

The department's graduate and undergraduate programs afford faculty 
unique opportunities to teach and engage in research that both shapes 
and benefits from a rich multi-disciplinary environment. The department 
offers doctoral and master degrees in the interdisciplinary Rhetoric and 
Technical Communication program and undergraduate major degrees in 
Scientific and Technical Communication; Communication, Culture, and 
Media; Liberal Arts; and English, 
including English 
with a concentration 
in Secondary Education. The usual tenure-track teaching load is 2 courses 
(6 hrs.) per semester.

Please see our website: http:// www.hu.mtu .edu.

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three confidential 
letters of recommendation to:

Dr. Robert R. Johnson

Composition Search Committee

Department of Humanities

Michigan Technological University

1400 Townsend Drive

Houghton, MI 49931-1295



Review of applications begins on November 28, 2011 and will continue 
until the position is filled. Candidates should have or expect to receive the 
Ph.D. by August 1, 2012.

Michigan Technological University is an Equal Opportunity Educational 
Institution/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply.

In addition to the present search, a search to fill ten growth positions in 
“Transportation” and “Water” are under way and qualified candidates are 
encouraged to send a separate application, following the “How to Apply” 
guidelines at www .mtu .edu/ sfhi.

Michigan Tech is also an ADVANCE institution, one of a limited number 
of universities in receipt of NSF funds in support of our commitment 
to increase diversity and the participation and advancement of women in 
STEM. For more information, please visit our ADVANCE web page at 
http:// advance .mtu .edu/. [R]

Michigan Tech U

Humanities, 1400 Townsend Dr Houghton MI 49931

Assistant Professor of English 
15864

http:// www.hu.mtu .edu

The Department of Humanities at Michigan Technological University 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
with 
responsibilities in Secondary Education. Tenure-track, normal 2–2 teaching 
load includes undergraduate and graduate courses. Appointment begins 
August 2012. Review of applications begins on November 15, 2011, 
and will continue until the position is filled.

Requirements: Ph.D. or equivalent in English, 
English 
Education, or related 
field by time of appointment; record of teaching excellence; evidence 
of research and/or scholarly potential. Candidates with interdisciplinary 
scholarly commitments are encouraged to apply. Must be willing to teach 
pre-1800 British literature at the undergraduate level and assist in ongoing 
development of Concentration in Secondary Education in English.


The Humanities Department’s graduate and undergraduate programs afford 
faculty unique opportunities to teach and engage in research that 
both shapes and benefits from a rich multi-disciplinary environment. The 
department offers doctoral and masters degrees in Rhetoric and Technical 
Communication and undergraduate major degrees in English; 
English 
with a concentration in Secondary Education; Communication, Culture, 
and Media; Liberal Arts; and Scientific and Technical Communication. 
Please see our website: http:// www.hu.mtu .edu

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statements of research 
and teaching interests (no more than 5 pages), teaching evaluations (if 
available), a writing sample the length of a typical research article or book 
chapter, and three confidential letters of reference to:

Prof. Kette Thomas

Chair, English 
Education Search Committee

Department of Humanities

Michigan Technological University

1400 Townsend Drive

Houghton, MI 49931-1295

Michigan Technological University is an Equal Opportunity Educational 
Institution/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply.

In addition to the present search, a search to fill ten growth positions in 
“Transportation” and “Water” are under way and qualified candidates are 
encouraged to send a separate application, following the “How to Apply” 
guidelines at www .mtu .edu/ sfhi.

Michigan Tech is also an ADVANCE institution, one of a limited number 
of universities in receipt of NSF funds in support of our commitment 
to increase diversity and the participation and advancement of women in 
STEM. For more information, please visit our ADVANCE web page at 
http:// advance .mtu .edu/. [R]

Mississippi

U of Mississippi

English, 
PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall University MS 38677

TWO ASSISTANT PROFESSORS OF BRITISH LITERATURE 15719

http:// https:// jobs .olemiss .edu

The Department of English 
invites applications for TWO tenure-track 
Assistant Professors in British literature of the following periods: the Restoration 
and Eighteenth Century, the Nineteenth Century, and/or the 
Twentieth Century. Review of applications begins immediately and will 
continue until an adequate applicant pool is established. Apply by visiting 
http:// jobs .olemiss .edu/hr. The University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/
Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ ADEA employer. 
For further information, 
contact Professor Karen Raber at kraber@ olemiss .edu.

U of Mississippi

English, 
PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall University MS 38677

Assistant or Associate Professor in African American literature/ 
creative writing 15614

http:// www .olemiss .edu/ depts/hr/

The University of Mississippi English 
department is looking to make two 
tenure-track appointments in African American Literature, one of them 
with a creative writing emphasis. The first is a joint appointment with 
African American Studies for an Assistant professor in African American 
literature. PhD required.

The Second appointment is at the Assistant or Associate level for a candidate 
in African American literature with a proven ability to teach and 
publish creative writing. PhD or MFA required.

The search committee will start reviewing applicants on October 14, 2011. 
Preliminary interviews at MLA. Inquiries may be directed to Dr. Ethel 
Young-Minor (eyoungmi@ olemiss .edu). Apply online at jobs .olemiss .edu.

The University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/ADA/ ADEA/ Title VI/
Title IX/Section 504 employer.


U of Southern Mississippi

English, 
118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Poetry, Fiction) 15879

http:// www .usm .edu

The Department of English 
at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for two tenure-track positions in creative writing, a fiction 
writer and a poet, to begin August 2012. Successful candidates will 
teach 3 courses per semester, including graduate and undergraduate workshops 
and other courses, contribute to program development, work on the 
Mississippi Review, serve on thesis and dissertation committees, and perform 
other program and departmental service. Requires terminal degree, 
a strong publication record in journals and at least one book published by a 
national press, and excellence in teaching. Preferred qualifications: Ph.D., 
editorial experience. The department’s distinguished Center for Writers in 
the Department of English 
has 30–35 active graduate students in creative 
writing. Hattiesburg is a pleasant small city with a metro population of 
150,000 situated about 90 miles from New Orleans and 65 miles from the 
Mississippi Gulf Coast. Application deadline is Nov. 4, 2011. Please submit 
letter of application, CV, a statement on teaching, a writing sample, 
and three recommendations electronically to http:// www .usm .edu/ 
employment-hr/. The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EO employer.




U of Southern Mississippi

English, 
118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406

Assistant Professor of Early Modern Literature/ Shakespeare 15878

http:// www .usm .edu

The Department of English 
at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for a tenure-track position in Early Modern literature 
and Shakespeare to begin Fall 2012. Additional interest in the history of 
drama or the history of language is desirable. The successful candidate 
typically will be expected to teach three courses per semester and to serve 
on M.A. and Ph.D. committees. Minimum qualifications include a Ph.D. 
in English 
by the time of appointment, evidence of an active research 
agenda, and a commitment to teaching and service. Position is contingent 
upon funding. Hattiesburg is a pleasant city with a metro population of 
150,000 located about 90 miles from New Orleans and 65 miles from the 
Gulf Coast. A second campus is situated on sixty-five acres overlooking 
the Gulf. Application deadline is Nov. 4, 2011. Please submit application 
letter, CV, writing sample (20–25 pages), and three letters of recommendation 
electronically to http:// www .usm .edu/ employment-hr/. The University 
of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EO employer.


Missouri

Missouri SU

English, 
901 S National Springfield MO 65897

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 15920

http:// www .missouristate .edu

The English 
Department at Missouri State University, located in Springfield, 
Missouri, anticipates an August 2012 opening for an Assistant 
Professor-Creative Writing (fiction), tenure-track. For a full position 
description and to apply online go to http:// www .missouristate .edu/ 
academicopenings. A letter of application, curriculum vitae and names 
and addresses for 3–5 references can be uploaded electronically via the 
online application form. The University is especially interested in candidates 
who can contribute to the diversity and inclusive excellence of the 
academic community through their research teaching, and/or service. For 
additional information contact Dr. W.D. Blackmon, Department Head of 
English, 
at WDBlackmon@ missouristate .edu or 417-836-6565. Missouri 
State University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity institution. 
Employment will require a background check at University expense.

Northwest Missouri SU

English, 
800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468

Assistant Professor of English 
& Coordinator of Composition 15815

Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialty in Composition, beginning 
August 2012, to serve as Coordinator of Composition. The Coordinator 
of Composition directs the composition program, organizes 
program assessment activities and receives a two-course-per-semester release 
from a 4/4 teaching load. Position requirements include an earned 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition or related field, successful teaching 
experience at the college level, departmental or university service, and 
evidence of ongoing scholarship. Screening will begin November 15, 
2011 and will continue until position is filled. To apply, please see our 
position announcement online at http:// agency .governmentjobs .com/ 
nwmissouri/ default .cfm. Inquiries can be made to mhobbs@ nwmissouri 
.edu or (660) 562-1265.

Saint Charles County Comm C

Arts & Humanities, PO Box 76975 St Peters MO 63376

Full time English 
faculty 15861

http:// www .stchas .edu

Full-time faculty position in English. 
Primary responsibilities involve 
teaching composition courses, including developmental writing and 
college-level writing sequence. Masster's degree in English. 
Community 
college teaching and experience with technology preferred. Application 
forms are available at the college website.

Truman SU

English 
& Linguistics, MC 310 100 E Normal St Kirksville MO 63501

Assistant Professor of English 
15687

http:// provost .truman .edu/ positions

Available August 15, 2012. This is a tenure-track position. Responsibilities 
include teaching full time, committee work, and advising and mentoring 
writers at the undergraduate and graduate level. Qualifications:

Required:

Expertise in fiction, a strong publication record, evidence of teaching 
effectiveness at college level, and a Doctorate in English 
(or Creative 
Writing) or M.F.A. in Creative Writing in hand by date of appointment 
(August 2012) are required.

Preferred:

Evidence of pedagogical and professional activity in screen writing, experience 
with interdisciplinary work, and experience with course development 
are desirable.

Salary: Salary commensurate with experience; benefits package includes 
life, health and disability insurance, retirement contributions, and partial 
reimbursement for moving expenses.

The University: A vibrant community of teacher-scholars with a highly 
selective student body, Truman is a residential university focused on providing 
its approximately 6,000 students with broad liberal arts experiences 
and depth of study in 48 undergraduate majors and 9 graduate programs. 
Truman is nationally recognized for the quality of the educational opportunities 
it offers students and for its leadership in the assessment of student 
learning and continuous improvement. For the fifteenth consecutive year, 
Truman, Missouri’s public liberal arts and sciences university has been 
recognized as the No. 1 Public University in the Midwest Region – Master’s 
Category by U.S. News and World Report. Located in Kirksville, 
Missouri, Truman plays a vital role in the life of a thriving rural community 
served by commuter air service and Amtrak. More information about 
Truman State University can be found at www .truman .edu and faculty 
positions at http:// provost .truman .edu/ positions.

Application: A complete application consists of the following materials:

• letter of application

• current curriculum vita

• graduate and undergraduate transcripts

• a statement of teaching and research /creative interests

• three recent letters of recommendation

• evidence of teaching effectiveness

Electronic submissions are encouraged and should be sent to:

saldean@ truman .edu (please put “Creative Writing Search” in the memo 
line).

Paper documents by mail to:

Truman State University

School of Arts and Letters

1101 Ophelia Parrish

100 E. Normal Ave.

Kirksville, Missouri 63501



Review of complete applications will begin on November 5, 2011 and 
will continue until the position is filled. Truman State University is an 
affirmative action /equal opportunity employer 
committed to cultural diversity 
and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act.

If hired, applicants must provide proof of eligibility to work in the United 
States. [R]

U of Missouri, St Louis

English, 
484 Lucas Hall 1 University Blvd St Louis MO 63121

Assistant Professoe of Poetry 15880

http:// www .umsl .edu/ divisions/ artscience/ english/


The University of Missouri-St. Louis seeks a poet for an assistant professor 
position. Duties include leading MFA poetry workshops and undergraduate 
poetry workshops, teaching form & theory and other techniques 
classes to both graduates and undergraduates, serving as guest editor of 
Natural Bridge, and teaching other classes depending on a secondary specialization. 
A preferred secondary specialization is creative nonfiction. 
We seek a poet who will become a full member of the MFA community, 
and who will take part in readings and literary events on and off campus. 
The University of Missouri–St. Louis is an urban university with graduate 
classes in the evenings, and the MFA students are a mix of traditionally-
aged and older working students. Workload for assistant professors is 2–2. 
Qualified applications will have at least one book of poetry published by 
a nationally recognized press, an MFA (or PhD), and experience teaching 
poetry and other writing, preferably to undergraduates and graduates. 
Applications from minorities are especially welcome. Applications close 
November 11, 2011. Submit letter of application and CV to John Dalton/ 
Chair, Poetry Search Committee/ Department of English/ 
University 
of Missouri-St. Louis/ One University Drive/St. Louis, MO 63121. The 
University of Missouri is an equal opportunity organization, committed 
to excellence through diversity.

U of Missouri, St Louis

English, 
484 Lucas Hall 1 University Blvd St Louis MO 63121

Assistant Professor, Composition and Rhetoric 15724

http:// www .umsl .edu/ ~umslenglish/#


Full-time assistant professor (tenure line) needed to join a small but growing 
graduate program in composition and teach undergraduate writing 
courses. Minimum qualifications are teaching experience and the PhD 
with an emphasis in Writing Studies.

Currently, the department has strengths in writing theory and pedagogy, 
technical writing and digital media, feminist pedagogies, English 
Education 
and assessment, and writing program administration . The ideal candidate 
offers expertise that complements the program’s strengths, brings 
creative and cross-disciplinary integrations appropriate to writing studies, 
and addresses issues appropriate to an urban campus with a diverse 
undergraduate student body and a graduate focus at the master’s level in 
composition. Such expertise might include but certainly is not limited to 
a cross-disciplinary focus on urban literacies, African American studies 
and rhetoric, intersections between composition and English 
Education, 
rhetoric, or creative non-fiction. Writing Center theory would be especially 
welcome. The search committee expects the successful candidate 
to rotate into a WPA position with consideration given first to achieving 
tenure. Course load is 2/2; position begins in August 2012.

Applicants should submit a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a 
teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Suellynn 
Duffey, Chair, Writing Studies Search Committee at the above address. 
Review will begin November 28, 2011 and continue until the position 
is filled.

UMSL is an AA/EOE employer 
committed to excellence through diversity.

Washington U

English, 
1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130

Assistant or Associate Professor of Transatlantic Early American 
Literature 15757

http:// jobs .wustl .edu

Washington University in Saint Louis: The Department of English 
at 
Washington University in Saint Louis seeks an Assistant or Junior Associate 
Professor in Transatlantic Early American Literature to begin in 
fall term 2012. In American literary history, the period extends from beginnings 
to 1830; in British, from 1600 to 1832. Applicants with backgrounds 
in cultural and intellectual history are especially welcome. A 
Ph.D. is required. Our new faculty member will be expected to produce 
significant scholarship while engaging in the work of teaching and advising 
students; the junior associate professorship carries the expectation of 
a record commensurate with a successful tenure case. The teaching expectation 
is two courses per semester. The application process occurs in 
two parts. Please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and dissertation 
précis or book description to our online application service, https:// jobs 
.wustl .edu, and provide the reference job number of 22665. Three letters 
of recommendation should be sent by post to Professor Robert Milder, 
Co-Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
Washington 
University, One Brookings Drive, Box 1122, St. Louis, MO 63130. Priority 
will be given to applications received by November 10, 2011, but the 
search will continue until the position is filled. Washington University 
is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Applications from 
women and members of underrepresented groups are especially encouraged. 
Employment eligibility verification required upon hire.

Nebraska

Creighton U

English, 
2500 California Plaza Omaha NE 68178

Assistant Professor of English 
15684

http:// creightonenglish 
.org

Creighton University’s English 
department seeks to fill two tenure-track, 
entry-level Assistant Professor positions in Rhetoric and Composition 
with specializations in pedagogy, rhetorical theory or new media. Three-
course load per term. Ph.D. in rhetoric/ composition required absolutely 
no later than July 1, 2012, with evidence of excellent university-level 
teaching and significant publications. All faculty teach 100-level courses. 
Positions begin August 2012. Candidates are strongly urged to familiarize 
themselves with our programs, department, university and mission at 
http:// www .creightonenglish 
.org and to address the mission in their application 
materials. Review of applications begins October 20 and continues 
until the positions are filled. Apply at careers .creighton .edu; also send 
letter of application, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, transcripts (unofficial 
ones OK initially), and teaching philosophy to Chair, Search Committee, 
English 
Department, Creighton University, Omaha, NE 68178. 
Include email address. All applications will be acknowledged. A Jesuit, 
Catholic institution, Creighton encourages applications from qualified 
individuals of all backgrounds who believe they can contribute to the 
university’s distinctive educational traditions. Creighton is an EEO/AA 
employer 
and seeks a wide range of applicants for the position so that one 
of our core values—ethnic and cultural diversity—may be realized. [R]

U of Nebraska

English, 
625 N 14th St 202 Andrews Hall Lincoln NE 68588

Assistant Professor-Digital Humanities 16000

http:// www .unl .edu

The University of Nebraska-Lincoln (UNL) announces a cluster hire 
in digital humanities: over the next three years the university intends 
to hire six tenure-line faculty members across a number of departments 



(and additional staff) to further propel this signature program. In the 
first phase of this effort, we seek promising candidates for tenure-track 
appointments at the Assistant Professor level. Initial interviews will be 
conducted at the Modern Language Association (MLA) and American 
Historical Association (AHA) conventions in January 2012. Candidates 
should be accomplished digital humanists able to contribute to a thriving 
interdisciplinary initiative and to the home department. Candidates 
must provide evidence of successful teaching and an active research 
agenda. PhD required by August 2012. The participating departments 
seek specialists who would contribute to the UNL’s research profile and 
teaching capacity in digital humanities. Candidates whose work focuses 
on comparative or transnational literatures, histories, and cultures are 
especially invited to apply.

Applicants should go to http:// employment .unl .edu, requisition 110758, 
and complete the Faculty/ Academic Administrative Information form 
and apply online. Applicants should be prepared to attach the following 
to their online application: a letter of application, a curriculum vita, and a 
PDF or a link to one representative sample of their digital work. Please do 
not send paper applications. Review of applications will begin November 
1, 2011, and continue until suitable candidates are found. For further 
information contact Kenneth Price, chair, search committee at 402-472-
0293 or kprice2@ unl .edu. The University of Nebraska has an active National 
Science Foundation ADVANCE gender equity program, and is 
committed to a pluralistic campus community through affirmative action, 
equal opportunity, work-life balance, and dual careers. Web sites: http:// 
cdrh .unl .edu/ and http:// www .unl .edu.

U of Nebraska, Kearney

English, 
905 W 25th St, 202 Thomas Hall Kearney NE 68849

Assistant Professor Composition-Basic Writing 16005

http:// www .unk .edu/ academics/ english/ 
English/


We are seeking a Basic Writing specialist to teach General Studies and 
upper-division composition courses. Our student population includes 
international students and others who require developmental writing 
instruction. This faculty member may also teach graduate courses in 
appropriate areas, with other undergraduate courses to be determined according 
to additional areas of expertise. (Base load is 12 hours, with scholarly 
release for those who qualify for a 9-hour load.)

Ph.D. Composition Rhetoric with an emphasis in Basic Writing including 
ESL; evidence of successful college teaching; evidence of scholarly potential.

Three professional letters of reference must be sent in hard copy to:

Chair, Composition Search Committee

Department of English


A. O. Thomas Hall 202

University of Nebraska at Kearney

Kearney, NE 68849

Preferred qualifications: Expertise in any of the following: rhetoric, stylistics, 
ESL composition. Proficiency in a second language a plus.

Start date: August 2012

Applications completed by November 14, 2011 will receive full consideration. 
[R]

Nevada

Nevada SC

Humanities, 1125 Nevada State Dr Henderson NV 89002

Assistant Professor of English 
15632

http:// nscjobs .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50531

Nevada State College is a new, rapidly growing four-year college located 
in metropolitan Las Vegas. We seek excellent teacher/ scholars to work 
alongside dedicated faculty in a highly collegial, interdisciplinary environment.


Our faculty members enjoy the rare opportunity to shape the college as 
it continues to grow into a cornerstone of higher education in Southern 
Nevada. Faculty in the Liberal Arts & Sciences work in a new, state-of-
the-art facility on our developing 500-acre campus that features “smart” 
classrooms, cutting edge biotechnology labs, and a world-class Finance 
Center. Our academic faculty members combine rigorous academic preparation 
from top doctoral programs with a dedication to new and exemplary 
methods of instruction.

Nevada State College invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor 
in the English 
to begin fall 2012 (required: a Ph.D. in English 
or 
related field by August 2012). The preferred candidate will demonstrate a 
strong commitment to teaching and mentoring, an ability to teach courses 
in ethnic studies and literature and/or world literature, and a willingness 
to teach part of the interdisciplinary Integrated Studies curriculum.

For complete details regarding this position, please visit the academic jobs 
posting at https:// nscjobs .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50531. Review 
of applications begins early October 2011 and will continue until 
the position is filled. [R]

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Assistant Professor, English 
(Rhetoric and Composition) 15989

http:// www .unrsearch .com/ postings/9780

The English 
department at the University of Nevada, Reno, invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor position in rhetoric and 
composition. We are seeking a specialist in composition theory and practice, 
preferably with a secondary focus in the history of rhetoric, writing 
program administration, and/or new media literacies. The position will 
contribute to established M.A. in Writing and Ph.D. in Rhetoric & Composition 
degree programs. UNR English 
faculty members who teach and 
mentor in the graduate program and engage in scholarly research typically 
teach on a nine-month contract with a 2/2 load—generally a selection 
of lower-division writing courses, upper-division courses in the Writing 
major, and graduate seminars. The person hired in this position will be 
encouraged to teach graduate courses in composition studies and in the 
histories of the field as part of a regular rotation.

The University of Nevada, Reno is the state’s flagship land-grant research 
and teaching institution. The university enrolls 18,000 students and encompasses 
nine degree-granting colleges and schools, which offer bachelor’s 
degrees in 75 disciplines, along with more than 100 master’s and 
doctoral-level degrees. UNR is located in northwest Nevada on the eastern 
slope of the Sierra Nevada, 45 minutes from Lake Tahoe and four 
hours from the San Francisco Bay Area. For more information on the 
campus, please see www .unr .edu.

The University of Nevada accepts applications electronically. Please send 
letter, vita, and the list of references via the university’s website: https:// 
www .unrsearch .com/ postings/9780. The search committee will review 
all completed applications received through November 15, 2011.

Inquiries regarding the position may be addressed to the search chair, Jane 
Detweiler, at jad@ unr .edu or 775-682-6379. Representatives from the 
search committee will interview at the January MLA meeting. EOE/AA. 
Women and members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Assistant Professor, English 
(late 19th-and/or early 20th-Century 
American Literature 15881

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ engl

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English 
announces a 
tenure-track, assistant professor position in American fiction from 1865 to 



1930. Desired areas of secondary specialization include, but are not limited 
to, cultural studies and the critical study of race, gender, and/or sexuality.

The faculty member will teach intermediate and advanced undergraduate 
courses in English 
and in the Core Curriculum, as well as graduate 
seminars. UNR English 
faculty who teach and mentor in the graduate 
program and engage as expected in scholarly research typically teach a 2/2 
load. A demonstrated record of published research (at least one peer-reviewed 
article) is expected in the advertised field of American fiction published 
between 1865 and 1930, as is experience as an excellent teacher in 
the advertised field at the college level. Dissertation must focus on American 
fiction from 1865 to 1930. Ph.D. must be completed by July 1, 2012. 
Interviews will be held at MLA in Seattle.

Application Instructions: Please attach your letter of application, CV, 
three recent reference letters, a brief (1–2 page) abstract of your dissertation 
or book project, and one writing sample of no more than ten thousand 
words in .doc, .docx, or .pdf format.

The University of Nevada, Reno is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action in recruitment of its students and employees 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, 
creed, national origin, veteran status, physical or mental disability, and 
sexual orientation. The University of Nevada, Reno employs only United 
States citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States. 
Women and under-represented groups are encouraged to apply.

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Assistant Professor 15738

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ gri/

The Gender, Race, and Identity Program at the University of Nevada, 
Reno announces an opening for an Assistant Professor. This is a tenure-
track position to begin Fall 2012. The position will be a joint appointment 
in Women’s Studies and in a humanities department in the College 
of Liberal Arts. The successful candidate will have a strong background in 
interdisciplinary feminist approaches and must have research and teaching 
interests in intersections of gender, race, class, ethnicity, sexuality or 
related areas. Engagement with theories of race, identity, or difference desired. 
Research or teaching intersection with another area of GRI and 
expertise that fills a relevant need in the humanities department preferred.

The GRI program offers a major in Women’s Studies, minors in Women’s 
Studies, Ethnic Studies, Religious Studies, and Holocaust, Genocide, and 
Peace Studies, and a graduate certificate in Gender, Race and Identity 
Studies. The successful candidate should expect to teach introductory and 
advanced undergraduate courses as well as graduate courses in Women’s 
Studies and the department of joint appointment.

A strong record of research is expected in addition to experience and 
promise as an excellent teacher. Ph.D. in Women’s Studies and/or Gender 
Studies or Ph.D. in a humanities field with an emphasis on women and/or 
gender must be completed by July 1, 2012.

The University of Nevada requires that applications be submitted electronically 
at https:// www .unrsearch .com/ postings/9714

To apply, complete the brief form and submit letter of application, C.V. 
with reference contact information, dissertation abstract, and writing 
sample of fewer than 26 pages. All applications must be submitted electronically 
no later than October 28, 2011. An unofficial transcript and 
dossier with recommendation letters may be requested later.

HR will attempt to verify academic credentials upon receipt of hiring 
documents. If the academic credentials cannot be verified, HR will notify 
the faculty member that an official transcript of their highest degree 
must be submitted within thirty days of the faculty member’s first day of 
employment.

AA/EEO Women and members of underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply.

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Assistant Professor, English 
(late 19th-and/or early 20th-Century 
American Literature 15882

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ engl

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English 
announces a 
tenure-track, assistant professor position in American fiction from 1865 to 
1930. Desired areas of secondary specialization include, but are not limited 
to, cultural studies and the critical study of race, gender, and/or sexuality.

The faculty member will teach intermediate and advanced undergraduate 
courses in English 
and in the Core Curriculum, as well as graduate 
seminars. UNR English 
faculty who teach and mentor in the graduate 
program and engage as expected in scholarly research typically teach a 2/2 
load. A demonstrated record of published research (at least one peer-reviewed 
article) is expected in the advertised field of American fiction published 
between 1865 and 1930, as is experience as an excellent teacher in 
the advertised field at the college level. Dissertation must focus on American 
fiction from 1865 to 1930. Ph.D. must be completed by July 1, 2012. 
Interviews will be held at MLA in Seattle.

Application Instructions: Please attach your letter of application, CV, 
a brief (1–2 page) abstract of your dissertation or book project, and one 
writing sample of no more than ten thousand words in .doc, .docx, or .pdf 
format. Materials must be submitted no later than 11/7/2011.

The University of Nevada, Reno is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action in recruitment of its students and employees 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, 
creed, national origin, veteran status, physical or mental disability, and 
sexual orientation. The University of Nevada, Reno employs only United 
States citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States. 
Women and under-represented groups are encouraged to apply.

New Jersey

County C of Morris

Langs & ESL, 214 Center Grove Rd Randolph NJ 07869

Faculty-ESL 15670

http:// www .ccm .edu

County College of Morris, ESL Full Time Tenure-Track Faculty Position 
for Spring 2012-Position Information

Posting Number: 0000243

Job Title: Faculty-ESL *SEARCH EXTENDED*

Job Category Full-Time Faculty

Department: Languages & ESL (01020)

Range Minimum $41,807

Job Duties: All faculty positions have as their primary objective to create 
a dynamic teaching/ learning environment for our students, while contributing 
service to the college. Faculty responsibilities include teaching 
assigned courses and following the course description and course outline 
established by the department. Teaching schedules may include day/ evening 
courses and online/ hybrid instruction and other instructional modalities. 
In accordance with the Faculty Association collective bargaining 
agreement (CBA), additional activities may include instructional development, 
academic advisement, support of college activities, service to other 
committees and professional development. Individual to teach all levels 
across the ESL curriculum.

Qualifications:

Education-Master's Degree in TESOL or ESL Ed. required, PhD or a 
minimum of ABD preferred.

Experience-Prior college or university teaching experience preferred, as 
is evidence of scholarly and/or professional activities. Strong background 
in instructional technology and curriculum coordination preferred.



Skills-Demonstrated knowledge of discipline including current developments 
and technologies in related fields of specialization. Ability to teach 
lab courses and/or tutor in learning centers as appropriate. Ability to work 
with diverse groups of students. Strong verbal and written communication 
skills.

Full Consideration Date: 10–22–2010

Special Instructions to Applicants: *SEARCH EXTENDED*

Please apply at jobs .ccm .edu; select “ANY” positions under the “Languages 
and ESL Department.” This search has been extended; individuals 
that submitted applications do not need to reapply. Applications will be 
considered until October 22, 2011. Applications submitted after that date 
might be considered until the position is filled. Interviews will take place 
in November, 2011. The chosen applicant will start teaching duties at the 
college on January 17, 2012.

Montclair SU

English, 
Dickson Hall 468 Montclair NJ 07043

Assistant or Associate Professor 17th Century British Literature 15851

http:// www .montclair .edu

Full-time, tenure-track position in 17th-century 
British Literature. The 
candidate should be qualified to teach 17th c. non-dramatic literature, in 
particular Milton, in its social, political, cultural, and intellectual contexts, 
and also non-specialized courses such as an introduction to literary 
and cultural theory, historical surveys of British literature, and a sophomore-
level course in writing in the major.

Ph.D. must be completed before the fall of 2012. Candidates must show 
a strong record or exceptional promise of scholarly publication, and the 
capacity to teach successfully in a diverse, multi-ethnic environment. Faculty 
members are expected to teach a range of students from first-year 
undergraduates through Master's candidates.

Interviews will be conducted at the 2012 MLA convention in Seattle and 
by internet/ telephone. Apply by November 7 to:

Dr. Daniel Bronson

Chair, English 
Department

Montclair State University

Montclair, NJ 07043

V-F12

Princeton U

English, 
22 McCosh Hall Princeton NJ 08544

Assistant Professor of African American Studies 15993

http:// english 
.princeton .edu/

Princeton University's Department of English 
and the Center for African 
American Studies invite applications from scholars specializing in 
twentieth-century 
African American literature and culture. We particularly 
seek applications at the assistant professor level, though recently tenured 
associate professors may also apply.

We are interested in candidates pursuing research and teaching in literary 
history, with particular emphasis on comparative race and ethnicity, queer 
theory and/or critical gender studies, diaspora studies, transnational and/
or post colonial studies, or poetics and/or modernism. Princeton University 
is committed to undergraduate as well as graduate teaching and advising, 
and the successful candidate will teach at all levels and supervise 
doctoral research.

Please apply online at: http:// www .princeton .edu/ jobs with a cover letter, 
a curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, a dissertation or 
book abstract, writing sample (under 30 pages) and a statement of teaching 
philosophy. For full consideration, please submit your application by November 
15, 2011. Princeton University is an equal opportunity employer 
and complies with applicable EEO and affirmative action regulations.

Princeton U

English, 
22 McCosh Hall Princeton NJ 08544

Associate Professor of English 
15870

http:// english 
.princeton .edu/

Senior positon at early associate level in Shakespeare and English 
Renaissance 
Drama (1500–1660). Interested applicants should apply online 
at www .princeton .edu/ jobs. Candidates should submit a cover letter and 
CV by 15 November 2011. Additional material, when requested, should 
be sent to Professor Nigel Smith, Senior Shakespeare Search Chair, Department 
of English, 
22 McCosh Hall, Princeton University, Princeton, 
NJ 08544. Princeton University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and 
complies with applicable EEO and affirmative action regulations.

Rutgers U

Spanish & Port, 105 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901

Assistant Professor in Second Language Acquisition and Bilingualism 15801

http:// span-port .rutgers .edu

The Department of Spanish and Portuguese at Rutgers, the State University 
of New Jersey, New Brunswick, has a tenure-track appointment 
at the Assistant Professor level available beginning Fall 2012. Candidates 
should have a strong background in formal approaches to second language 
acquisition and/or bilingualism related to languages of the Ibero-American 
world. Desirable expertise includes experimental design, statistics and 
quantitative analysis. The successful applicant should have research interests 
that complement and relate to those of the Department faculty, which 
include syntactic and interface approaches to SLA/ Bilingualism, cross-linguistic 
influences in bilingual contexts and child Bilingualism. Applicants 
should have an outstanding research program and a strong commitment 
to constructive interaction between experimental and theoretical work in 
linguistics. Job duties include research and teaching both undergraduate 
and graduate students in bilingualism or Second Language Acquisition.

Ph. D required by the beginning of the appointment.

Application deadline: October 31, 2011. Please submit an application letter, 
CV, names of 3 references electronically at: https:// secure .sas .rutgers 
.edu/ apps/ facsearch/ postings/ index/ deptid/18

Rutgers University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
committed to diversity. Women, minorities, and members of under-represented 
groups are encouraged to apply.

New Mexico

Eastern New Mexico U

Langs & Lit, Portales NM 88130

Assistant Professor of English: 
Writing 15779

http:// www .enmu .edu

Position Summary

The College of Liberal Arts and Sciences is seeking qualified candidates 
to teach as a full-time tenure-track Assistant Professor of English.


Duties and Responsibilities:

• 4/4 teaching load with assignments in upper-division writing and freshman 
composition

• Lead writing minor program

• Perform other duties as assigned

Minimum Job Requirements:

A terminal degree (Ph.D. or MFA) in English 
or a related field is required. 
ABD will be considered. Ideal candidates will have a strong academic 
background in and experience with writing instruction in one or more 
areas of specialization, including, but not limited to, teaching courses in 
creative non-fiction, fiction, technical writing, writing for media, and 
composition. Online design and online teaching experience is preferred.



Date Available: August 2012

Application Review Date: October 21, 2011

Condition of Employment: Must pass a pre-employment background 
check.

Electronic applications may be submitted at http:// agency .governmentjobs 
.com/ enmu/ default .cfm.

ENMU is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
The University does not discriminate 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability 
in its programs, activities, or employment. People seeking additional information 
about the University’s non-discrimination policy should contact 
the Affirmative Action Officer at the above address.

New York

Cornell U

English, 
East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853

Assistant Professor 15941

http:// latino .lsp .cornell .edu/

The Cornel University Latino Studies Program and the Department of 
English 
invite applications and nominations for a tenure-track assistant 
professor (beginning or advanced) to begin July 1, 2012, with a focus on 
U.S. Latino/a literatures and cultures. Candidates should be able to teach 
across the broad spectrum of U.S. Latino/a and American literatures as 
well as an introductory course to Latino/a Studies. This position will be 
a joint position between the Latino Studies Program and the English 
Department 
with shared teaching and service responsibilities. A Ph.D. is required 
no later than July 1, 2012. Please apply at https:// academicjobsonline 
.org/ ajo/ jobs/1110

For more information on Cornell’s Latino Studies Program http:// latino 
.lsp .cornell .edu/ and English 
Department http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ 
english/, 
please visit their websites.

As an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer 
and educator, 
Cornell University values diversity and encourages applications from underrepresented 
groups.

Cornell University, located in Ithaca, New York, is an inclusive, dynamic, 
and innovative Ivy League university and New York's land-grant institution. 
Its staff, faculty, and students impart an uncommon sense of larger 
purpose and contribute creative ideas and best practices to further the 
university's mission of teaching, research, and outreach. [R]

Cornell U

English, 
East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853

Assistant Professor 15813

http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ english/


The Cornell University Department of English 
invites applications and 
nominations for one tenure-track assistant professorship (beginning or 
advanced) to begin July 1, 2012, with a focus on African Anglophone 
literature. Please submit a letter of application, c.v., dissertation abstract, 
dossier, and writing sample to

https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1074.

Deadline: November 7, 2011.

Cornell is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and educator. 
[R]

Cornell U

Knight Institute for Writing in the Disciplines, 101 McGraw Hall 
Ithaca NY l4853

Lecturer/ Senior Lecturer, Writing in the Disciplines 15760

http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ knight_ institute/

The Knight Institute for Writing in the Disciplines at Cornell University 
invites applicants for a renewable lecturer or senior lecturer position to 
teach in an established, highly collaborative program that serves students 
and works with faculty across a large, culturally and intellectually diverse 
university. The position begins July 1, 2012. Responsibilities will include 
teaching undergraduate writing at a variety of levels; training graduate 
student instructors of First Year Writing Seminars; and training Teaching 
Assistants in the Writing in the Majors program, which supports the 
integration of writing and learning in advanced courses throughout the 
university. While the teaching load is equivalent to three classes per semester, 
actual responsibilities will include a mix of teaching, consulting, 
and administration.

Qualifications: Masters required, PhD preferred. Teaching experience in 
Writing Across the Curriculum, Writing in the Disciplines, or cross-disciplinary 
writing required.

Terms of employment: Lecturers are hired for renewable three year terms 
and are eligible for promotion to Senior Lecturer after six years of service. 
Senior lecturers are hired for renewable five-year terms. Strong benefits 
package includes professional development funding.

Application materials: Review of applications will begin October 15 and 
continue until the position is filled. We do plan to interview at MLA. 
Send a letter of application addressing teaching experience and scholarly 
interests, a CV, and a statement of teaching philosophy to Joseph Martin, 
Writing Workshop, 174 Rockefeller Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, 
New York 14853. Cornell University is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action educator and employer. 
[R]

Cornell U

Knight Institute for Writing in the Disciplines, 101 McGraw Hall 
Ithaca NY l4853

Lecturer/ Senior Lecturer, Writing 15759

http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ knight_ institute/

The Knight Institute for Writing in the Disciplines at Cornell University 
invite applications for a lecturer or senior lecturer position to take part 
in an established WID program. This position will begin July 1, 2012. 
We are particularly interested in candidates with training in second-language 
acquisition, a background in composition pedagogy, and experience 
teaching writing in the disciplines to students from a wide variety of 
language backgrounds.

Responsibilities include teaching introductory writing seminars for international 
students and consulting with faculty on teaching academic writing 
to students for whom English 
is a second language as well as to students 
who are later bilinguals. This position may also involve collaborating on 
program development (such as tutoring programs) within the Knight Institute 
and participating in training courses for graduate instructors and 
TAs. While the teaching load is equivalent to 3 seminars per term, actual 
responsibilities will be a mix of teaching, consulting, and administration.

Lecturers are hired for renewable three-year terms and are eligible for 
promotion to Senior Lecturer after six years of service. Senior lecturers 
are hired for renewable five-year terms.

The position has a strong benefits package, which includes professional 
development funding. Qualifications: a Masters degree in fields related 
to Composition and Rhetoric, linguistics, or TESOL; Ph. D. preferred. 
Review of applications will begin October 15 and continue until the 
position is filled. We plan to interview at MLA. Send a letter of application 
addressing teaching experience and scholarly interests, a CV, 
and a statement of your teaching philosophy to Joseph Martin, Writing 
Workshop, 174 Rockefeller Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853. 



Cornell 
University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action educator 
and employer. 
[R]

Cornell U

Theatre, Film & Dance, 430 College Avenue Ithaca NY 14853

Asst. Prof .-Dramatic writing/ screenwriting 15689

http:// theatrefilmdance .cornell .edu/

The Cornell University Department of Theatre, Film and Dance invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor appointment in dramatic 
writing with an emphasis on writing across different forms (playwriting, 
screenwriting, new media, etc.). Responsibilities will include teaching 
four courses per year in a new curriculum combining media and performance 
and advising the writing and performance aspects of senior theses. 
We are especially interested in scholar/ practitioners who are able to 
teach broadly within the discipline, who are committed to teaching undergraduates 
in a liberal arts environment, and who will maintain an active 
scholarly and/or professional practice outside of Cornell. A MFA or 
equivalent graduate degree is required, as is successful college level teaching 
and professional experience. Electronic applications are required. Applicants 
may apply at (https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/947). A 
30-page writing sample is required and may be uploaded to the online 
site. If letters of recommendation must be sent in hard copy, please submit 
to: dramatic writing search, c/o Julie Tibbits, Cornell University, Dept. of 
Theatre, Film and Dance, 430 College Avenue, Ithaca, NY 14850. Questions 
about the application process may be directed to Julie Tibbits, 
jlt3@ cornell .edu or 607-254-2758. Deadline for receipt of applications 
is November 10, 2011. As an affirmative action and equal opportunity 
employer 
and educator, Cornell University values diversity and encourages 
applications from underrepresented groups. [R]

Cornell U

Theatre, Film & Dance, 430 College Avenue Ithaca NY 14853

Asst. Prof .-Media/ Film Production 15688

http:// theatrefilmdance .cornell .edu/

The Cornell University Department of Theatre, Film and Dance invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor appointment in media/ 
film production with an emphasis on working across models and platforms 
(narrative, documentary, experimental, including analog and digital 
media). Responsibilities will include teaching four courses per year 
in a new curriculum combining media and performance and advising 
the writing and performance aspects of senior theses. We are especially 
interested in scholar/ practitioners who are able to teach broadly within 
the discipline, who are committed to teaching undergraduates in a liberal 
arts environment, and who will maintain an active scholarly and/or 
professional practice outside of Cornell. A MFA or equivalent graduate 
degree is required, as is successful college level teaching and professional 
experience. Electronic applications are required. Applicants may apply at 
(https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/946). All required elements of 
the application may be uploaded to the online site. A 5–10 minute sample 
of your creative work is required. If you are unable to upload the file 
due to format or compression issues, please include a URL in the cover 
letter where your sample can be viewed online. Alternatively, you may 
submit your sample on DVD, as well as any letters of recommendation 
that must be sent in hard copy, to: Media/ film search, c/o Julie Tibbits, 
Cornell University, Dept. of Theatre, Film and Dance, 430 College Avenue, 
Ithaca, NY 14850. Questions about the application process may be 
directed to Julie Tibbits, jlt3@ cornell .edu or 607-254-2758. Deadline for 
receipt of applications is November 10, 2011. As an affirmative action and 
equal opportunity employer 
and educator, Cornell University values diversity 
and encourages applications from underrepresented groups. [R]

Long Island U

English, 
720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548

Assistant Professor of English 
15665

http:// www .liu .edu

Tenure-track Assistant Professor (pending budgetary approval). Field: 
Rhetoric and Composition, specializing in new media and digital literacy; 
possible future administrative work and assistance in faculty development. 
Requirements: Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition at time of appointment; 
scholarly publications. To begin September 2012. Salary competitive. 
Teaching load three classes a semester primarily in first-year writing 
with opportunities for electives and graduate courses. E-mail applications 
preferred and acknowledged by return e-mail; surface mail applications 
acknowledged if return postcard is provided. Send cover letter and CV 
to Richard McNabb, Chair, Search Committee. Richard .Mcnabb@ liu 
.edu. Please do not send copies of publications or letters of reference at this 
time. Review of applications to begin 20 November 2011.

Marist C

English, 
3399 North Rd Poughkeepsie NY 12601

Assistant Professor of English 
15967

http:// jobs .marist .edu

The Department of English 
in the School of Liberal Arts at Marist College 
invites applications for an Assistant Professor of English 
specializing 
in rhetoric and composition, to begin in August 2012. Candidates for the 
position should have a Ph.D. in Composition/ Rhetoric or related field. 
Expertise in children’s or adolescent literature is highly desirable.

The candidate will be expected to contribute courses to the English 
Department’s vibrant and growing writing concentration, which may 
include Grammar, Style, and Editing, Composition Theory, and upper-
level writing workshops. The candidate will also teach multiple sections 
of college writing per year. The teaching load is 3–4, with possibility for 
3–3 based upon level of professional activity.

Marist College is a highly selective, independent, liberal arts institution 
located in the historic Hudson River Valley of New York State, midway 
between New York City and Albany, the state capital. Situated on a 180-
acre campus overlooking the Hudson River, it enrolls 4,200 traditional 
undergraduate, 950 graduate students and 530 continuing education students. 
Marist College has been recognized for excellence by U.S. News & 
World Report, The Princeton Review, Kiplinger's Personal Finance, Entrepreneur 
Magazine, and Barron's Best Buys in College Education, and is 
noted for its leadership in the use of technology to enhance the teaching 
and learning process.

To learn more or to apply, please visit http:// jobs .marist .edu. Only online 
applications are accepted.

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/ AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONEMPLOYER 
[R]

Mt St Mary C

Arts & Letters Div, 330 Powell Av Newburgh NY 12550

Assistant Professor of English 
15949

http:// www .msmc .edu

Mount Saint Mary College seeks an Assistant Professor of English 
(full-
time, tenure-track). The PhD in English 
/Composition and Rhetoric or 
related fields is required as is college teaching experience. Degree candidates 
finishing the degree by June 30, 2012 will be considered. We are 
seeking a generalist with an emphasis in early Modern Literature, strength 
in composition and rhetoric and knowledge of literary theory.

The candidate should have the ability to teach courses such as Freshmen 
Composition, Development of the English 
Language, Modern American 
Grammar, Major English 
Authors I-from the Beowulf poet, through the 
Elizabethans to the Restoration and 18th Century etc.



The teaching load is 4/4. Teaching, scholarship, community and college 
service are an integral part of the tenure process. Interest in assisting in 
growing writing concentrations in the English 
major is a plus.

Send letter of application, resume and three letters of recommendation by 
December 15, 2011 to:

S. Catherine Walsh, O.P., Ed.D, Chair

The Division of Arts and Letters

Mount Saint Mary College

330 Powell Ave

Newburgh, NY 12550

Electronic submissions will be accepted at Catherine .walsh@ msmc 
.edu. [R]

New York City C of Tech, CUNY

English, 
300 Jay St Brooklyn NY 11201

Assistant Professor of English 
15619

http:// www .citytech .cuny .edu

The English 
Department at New York City College of Technology (City 
Tech), a comprehensive college of the City University of New York, invites 
applications for two tenure-track positions. City Tech is the designated 
college of technology of the City University of New York, and 
offers associate and bachelor’s degree programs in the Schools of Arts and 
Sciences, Technology and Design, and Professional Studies. Located in 
downtown Brooklyn, the College is convenient to Manhattan and mass 
transit.

The English 
Department offers general education courses in composition 
and literature, as well as courses in developmental reading and writing, 
and in English 
as a second language. The department is dedicated to advancing 
student success and encourages its faculty to become involved in 
innovative educational approaches, including utilizing technology to enhance 
student achievement and promoting learning communities. Faculty 
members work collaboratively with other departments to sponsor an annual 
Literary Festival, roundtable discussions, and other enrichment activities. 
A bachelor’s degree program in technical writing is currently in 
development.

We are especially interested in candidates with a strong record of teaching, 
publication, and conference presentations and papers. In addition to 
teaching and scholarly work leading to publications and presentations, 
responsibilities include advisement, curriculum development, and departmental, 
college-wide, and university-wide administrative and/or 
committee assignments.

QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS

Ph.D. required, in rhetoric and composition, linguistics, literature, or English 
education, with substantial experience teaching composition, developmental 
writing, developmental reading, and/or English 
as a Second 
Language in a college setting. ESL applicants should be familiar with language 
assessment and computer assisted language learning (CALL).

Position to begin in the Spring 2012 semester.

TO APPLY

Send Cover letter and resume

Electronically (preferred): isr@ citytech .cuny .edu

Subject: English 
search

Or hard copy:

English 
Search

Ms. M. Harris

Director, ISR

NYC College of Technology

300 Jay Street, N321

Brooklyn, NY 11201

New York U

Social & Cultural Analysis, 41 East 11th Street New York NY 10003

CLINICAL ASSISTANT PROFESSOR 15739

http:// sca.as.nyu .edu

Department of Social and Cultural Analysis

ARTS AND SCIENCE

New York University

The Department of Social and Cultural Analysis at New York University 
seeks a Clinical Assistant Professor of African American and/or Afro-Caribbean 
Studies to teach core courses and design civic engagement initiatives 
in New York City or at other sites. The appointment will begin on 
September 1, 2012, pending administrative and budgetary approval. The 
position is a full-time, renewable, non-tenure track appointment. The appointee 
will teach at the undergraduate and Master’s level, and will play a 
role in shaping Africana and American Studies at NYU.

Formed in 2004, the Department of Social and Cultural Analysis houses 
undergraduate and graduate degree programs in Social and Cultural 
Analysis, Africana Studies, American Studies, Asian/ Pacific/ American 
Studies, Gender and Sexuality Studies, Latino Studies, and Metropolitan 
Studies. The Department is committed to incorporating non-classroom 
learning experiences—including community-based research, service-
learning, field projects and other kinds of civic engagement—into its curriculum 
and general education.

Candidates should hold a Ph.D. or other terminal degree, and demonstrate 
experience in teaching, scholarship, and innovation beyond the university 
setting.

Review of applications will begin October 15, 2011, and will continue 
until the position is filled. Please submit a letter of application and curriculum 
vitae with names of three referees. Application materials must be 
submitted electronically. To apply, see the NYU Department of Social 
and Cultural Analysis website http:// sca.as.nyu .edu. Instructions can be 
found under the homepage link "Employment Opportunities." For questions, 
please contact Marty Correia at marty .correia@ nyu .edu.

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.


New York U

Social & Cultural Analysis, 41 East 11th Street New York NY 10003

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR 15647

http:// sca.as.nyu .edu

Department of Social and Cultural Analysis

ARTS AND SCIENCE

New York University

The Department of Social and Cultural Analysis at New York University 
announces a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor 
in the field of Asian American, Pacific World, or Asian/ Pacific Diaspora 
Studies. The appointment will begin on September 1, 2012, pending administrative 
and budgetary approval. Candidates should hold a PhD in 
social science, humanities, or interdisciplinary studies. Social and Cultural 
Analysis is an interdisciplinary department committed to developing innovative, 
transregional approaches in urbanism, migration, critical ethnic 
studies, gender and sexuality, ecology, and economic life. The Department 
has degree programs in Social and Cultural Analysis, Metropolitan 
Studies, Asian/ Pacific/ American Studies, Gender and Sexuality Studies, 
Latino Studies, Africana Studies and American Studies. The department 
welcomes comparative and historical approaches and encourages innovative 
teaching.

The committee will begin reviewing applications on October 15, 2011, 
continuing until position is filled. To apply, see the NYU Department 
of Social and Cultural Analysis website http:// sca.as.nyu .edu. Instructions 
can be found under the homepage link "Employment Opportunities."

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.




Rochester Inst of Tech

English, 
92 Lomb Memorial Dr Bldg 6, Rm 2303 Rochester NY 14623

Assistant Professor of Linguistics/ Digital Humanities 15811

http:// www .rit .edu/ cla/ english/ 
newsandevents

The Department of English 
at the Rochester Institute of Technology invites 
applications for an Assistant Professor of English 
tenure-track position 
with specialization in Internet Linguistics or related field of intersection 
between Linguistics and Digital Humanities to begin late August 2012.

REQUIRED: Ph.D. in English 
or Linguistics in hand. Evidence of outstanding 
teaching, strong research agenda, and publication record.

The successful applicant will be a teacher and scholar of new media language 
forms and computer-mediated communication. These will be examined 
from one or more disciplinary lenses within linguistics, including 
but not limited to formal structural, stylistic, sociolinguistic, educational, 
applied, computational, or global perspectives. Preference will be given 
to candidates who approach the interaction between human language and 
technology with methodologies that engage social, cultural, and disciplinary 
dimensions to communication.

Teaching assignments may include introductory, intermediate, or advanced 
courses in language and technology and general linguistics, as well 
as other general education offerings including first year writing.

We are seeking an individual who has the interest and ability to contribute 
to a community committed to Respect, Diversity and Pluralism. Select to 
view links to RIT’s core values, honor code, and statement of diversity.

Please submit your cover letter addressing the listed qualifications; a Vita; 
a statement of teaching philosophy; a diversity statement; and the names, 
addresses and phone numbers for three references. Submit to: engchair@ 
rit .edu. It is also necessary to apply online at http:// apptrkr .com/209567 . 
Faculty Search: IRC52177.

You can contact the search committee chair with questions on the position 
at: Doris .Borrelli@ rit .edu.

Application deadline: November 7, 2011. [R]

Rochester Inst of Tech

English, 
92 Lomb Memorial Dr Bldg 6, Rm 2303 Rochester NY 14623

Assistant Professor of English 
in Creative Writing/ Fiction 15809

http:// www .rit .edu/ cla/ english/ 
newsandevents

Situated within a vibrant technological university, the English 
Department 
seeks a teacher, writer, and scholar for a tenure-track position in 
Creative Writing, with a specialization in fiction and expertise in the 
practice of Electronic Literature/ Digital Arts. Required qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English 
or MFA in Creative Writing in hand, evidence of outstanding 
college teaching, a strong research agenda, and publication. We 
seek candidates who approach their subject matter with fresh critical and 
theoretical perspectives. Applicants with significant experience in a wide 
range of E-literatures are especially welcome. Interdisciplinary approaches 
and global perspectives are highly desirable.

The successful candidate will teach both introductory and advanced fiction 
workshops and will develop courses in the theory and practice of 
electronic literature/ digital arts. Teaching assignments will also include 
general education offerings such as first-year writing. The teaching load 
for new faculty is two courses per quarter and includes the possibility of 
developing with students the Web version of the undergraduate publication, 
Signatures.

We are seeking an individual who has the ability and interest to contribute 
to a community committed to Respect, Diversity, and Pluralism. 
(View links to RIT’s core values, honor code, and statement of diversity.)

Please submit a letter of application addressing the listed qualifications, the 
names of three references with contact information, a CV, and a statement 
of teaching philosophy to engchair@ rit .edu. You can contact the search 
committee with questions on the position at: Dr. Sandra Saari, Search 
Chair, engchair@ rit .edu.

An online application is also necessary. Apply online at http:// careers .rit 
.edu. Faculty Search: IRC52157.

Application deadline is November 7, 2011. [R]

Saint Lawrence U

English, 
Romoda Dr Canton NY 13617

Assistant Professor of Poetry and Early Modern British Literature 15936

http:// www .stlawu .edu/

St. Lawrence University invites applications for a tenure-track appointment 
in poetry and early modern British literature. The successful candidate 
will teach both levels of our coursework in introductory and 
advanced poetry writing, as well as coursework in early modern British 
literature, including Shakespeare, and will also be expected to offer the 
department’s research methods/ theory course. Normal teaching load is 
three courses per semester. Ph.D. preferred. We encourage applications 
from candidates who bring diverse cultural, ethnic, theoretical, and national 
perspectives to bear on their writing and teaching. The successful 
candidate will join a department with a commitment to excellence in 
teaching, and to a program founded upon the essential relationship between 
creative expression and the study of literature.

This appointment is scheduled to begin August, 2012. Please send a letter 
of application, a c.v., and sample syllabi for two relevant courses to Poetry 
and Early Modern British Literature Search Committee, Department of 
English, 
St. Lawrence University, Canton NY 13617. Review of applications 
will begin on November 15, 2011 and will continue until the position 
is filled.

For additional information about St. Lawrence, please visit SLU’s homepage 
at http:// www .stlawu .edu. SLU is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Employment Opportunity employer. 
[R]

Sullivan County Comm C

Liberal Arts and Humanities, 112 College Rd Loch Sheldrake NY 12759

English 
Faculty 15676

http:// www .sullivan .suny .edu

One tenure-track position (assistant/ associate rank) starting in Fall 2012. 
Candidates should have an earned doctorate (strongly preferred) in English 
(specialty open) or Rhetoric/ Composition with experience and expertise 
in the teaching of composition.

All departmental faculty have the opportunity to teach a wide range of 
courses, including (but not limited to) literature, creative writing, composition, 
philosophy, film and oral communication.

To apply, send your letter of application, c.v. and contact information for 
five professional references to:

SUNY Sullivan County Community College

Office of Human Resources

112 College Road

Loch Sheldrake, NY 12759

Or fax [845] 434-4806

Or e-mail ssmart@ sullivan .suny .edu

Please visit our web site at www .sullivan .suny .edu

Application deadline is November 18, 2011

SUNY Sullivan is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity College located 
90 miles from NYC. [R]

SU of New York, Binghamton U

English, 
Gen Lit, & Rhetoric, PO Box 6000 Binghamton NY 13902

Asst. Prof. of Writing and Rhetoric 15919

http:// www2.binghamton .edu/ english/


Assistant Professor of Writing and Rhetoric (tenure-track)



The Department of English, 
General Literature and Rhetoric at Binghamton 
University (State University of New York) is searching for an 
entry-level assistant professor in writing and rhetoric with a joint appointment 
in the university’s Writing Initiative. We seek a specialist in writing 
studies with a demonstrated commitment to first-year writing and 
writing-in-the-disciplines and whose research engages theories and histories 
of rhetoric, including non-Western rhetorics. Secondary specialty in 
second language writing, transnational rhetorics, or intercultural rhetorics 
desirable. Applicants should articulate a rigorous research plan, demonstrate 
curricular diversity, and have experience in program administration. 
Initial teaching load is 2/1 with minor administrative responsibilities 
in the Writing Initiative pre-tenure and appropriate course reduction and 
increased administrative responsibilities post-tenure. Ph.D. in writing and 
rhetoric or English 
with specialization in writing and rhetoric required by 
time of appointment.

Please send cover letter, vita, three letters of recommendation, and a 
philosophy of administration by November 4, 2011 to Professor Robert 
Micklus, Chair, Department of English, 
General Literature and Rhetoric, 
Binghamton University (Search C), Binghamton, NY 13902-6000.

Binghamton University is strongly committed to Affirmative Action. Recruitment 
is conducted without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, 
disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or national origin. [R]

SU of New York, Binghamton U

English, 
Gen Lit, & Rhetoric, PO Box 6000 Binghamton NY 13902

Asst. Prof. Restoration & 18th Century British Literature 15916

http:// www2.binghamton .edu/ english/


We are searching for an assistant professor with a specialization in Restoration 
and eighteenth-century 
British literature and theory, in the context 
of empire and the challenges to it.

Candidates must be prepared to teach their specializations at the graduate 
and undergraduate levels and to contribute to the research mission of 
the department and university. Rank: Assistant Professor (tenure-track). 
Teaching load: 2/2.

Please send resume and dossier by November 4, 2011 to Professor Robert 
Micklus, Chair, Department of English, 
General Literature and Rhetoric, 
Binghamton University (Search A), Binghamton, NY 13902-6000.

Binghamton University is strongly committed to Affirmative Action. Recruitment 
is conducted without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, 
disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or national origin. [R]

SU of New York, Binghamton U

English, 
Gen Lit, & Rhetoric, PO Box 6000 Binghamton NY 13902

Asst. Prof. of 19th Century British Literature 15918

http:// www2.binghamton .edu/ english/


We are searching for an assistant professor with a specialization in 
nineteenth-century 
British literature, Anglophone literatures, and theory, 
in the context of empire and the challenges to it. Candidates must be 
prepared to teach their specializations at the graduate and undergraduate 
levels and to contribute to the research mission of the department and 
university. Rank: Assistant Professor (tenure-track). Teaching load: 2/2.

Please send resume and dossier by November 4, 2011 to Professor Robert 
Micklus, Chair, Department of English, 
General Literature and Rhetoric, 
Binghamton University (Search B), Binghamton, NY 13902-6000.

Binghamton University is strongly committed to Affirmative Action. Recruitment 
is conducted without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, 
disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or national origin. [R]

SU of New York, C at Brockport

English, 
350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism and/or Long 18th Century 15639

http:// www .brockport .edu

Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, service to the department and college, and 
direction of MA theses/ projects. Required: Ph.D. in English 
or related 
field by June 2012; a record of teaching success; a record of scholarship in 
British Romanticism and/or Long 18th Century; evidence of potential 
for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity of the 
curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/ mentoring or research 
activities. The College at Brockport is a comprehensive college of 
approximately 9,000 students located in the village of Brockport on the 
Erie Canal, minutes from the City of Rochester. English 
is a dynamic and 
productive department of 20 full-time and 20 part-time faculty with approximately 
500 majors, an active creative writing program, and an MA 
program. For best consideration, by November 4 submit CV and letter 
of application at www .brockportrecruit .org. Indicate availability for MLA 
interviews on January 6 and 7. Also by November 4, send a copy of graduate 
school transcripts and three letters of reference to Dr. Meg Norcia, 
Search Committee Chair, Dept. of English, 
SUNY Brockport, Brockport 
NY 14420. Candidates selected for MLA interviews will submit a writing 
sample at that time. SUNY College at Brockport is an EOE/ AAE. [R]

Syracuse U

English, 
401 Hall of Langs Syracuse NY 13244

Assistant Professor of 20th-century 
British Literature and Culture 15780

http:// english 
.syr .edu/

The English 
Department at Syracuse University seeks applicants for the 
position of Assistant Professor specializing in some area of twentieth-century 
British literature and culture, possibly but not necessarily with a 
focus on postcolonial studies. Qualified applicants should upload a cover 
letter, c.v., dissertation abstract, and the names of three references, as well 
as complete the online form, at www .sujobopps .com. Priority consideration 
will be given to applications received by November 1, 2011. Syracuse 
is an EO/AA employer. 
[R]

Syracuse U

English, 
401 Hall of Langs Syracuse NY 13244

Associate Professor of mid-to late-19th-century 
American Literature 
and Culture 15778

http:// english 
.syr .edu/

The English 
Department at Syracuse University seeks an advanced scholar 
to hire as an Associate Professor specializing in mid-to late-nineteenth-century 
American literature and culture, possibly but not necessarily with 
a focus on race and ethnicity.

For full consideration applicants must complete an online faculty application 
and upload a detailed letter, c.v., email addresses for three professional 
references to provide letters of recommendation, and a sample of recent 
published work. Priority consideration will be given to applications received 
by November 15, 2011. Syracuse is an EO/AA employer. 
[R]

Wagner C

English, 
1 Campus Rd Staten Island NY 10301

Assistant Professor of English 
15952

Wagner College, located in New York City, seeks an Assistant Professor 
of English, 
one year visiting, with specialization in Comparative Literature 
to teach courses in World Literature, participate in the college’s First 
Year Program (includes one literature course and one writing course), and 



support the Comparative Literature minor. Ability to teach film studies 
and/or theory courses is also desirable. Ph. D. required. The position begins 
in the fall of 2012. Please send your letter of application, cv, and the 
names/ contact information of at least three recommenders to: Dr. Erica 
Johnson, Chair, English 
Department, Wagner College, One Campus 
Road, Staten Island, NY 10301. Deadline: November 1, 2011. We will 
interview at MLA in January of 2012. [R]

Wagner C

English, 
1 Campus Rd Staten Island NY 10301

Assistant Professor of English 
15824

http:// www .wagner .edu

Wagner College, located in New York City, seeks an Assistant Professor 
of English, 
tenure track, to teach courses in pre-colonial through 19th 
century American literature, participate in the college’s First Year Program 
(includes one writing course and one literature course), and mentor 
senior theses. Ability to teach film studies and/or theory courses is also 
desirable. The position begins in the fall of 2012. Ph.D. required. Please 
send your letter of application, cv, and the names/ contact information of 
at least three recommenders to: Dr. Erica Johnson, Chair, English 
Department, 
Wagner College, One Campus Road, Staten Island, NY 10301. 
Deadline: November 1, 2011. We will interview at MLA in January of 
2012. [R]

North Carolina

High Point U

English, 
University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262

Assistant Professor of English 
15848

http:// www .highpoint .edu

The English 
Department at High Point University invites applications for 
a tenure-track assistant professor position in 18th-century 
British Literature, 
to begin Fall 2012, pending final budgetary approval. Requirements: 
PhD in English, 
British Literature, or related field with strong background 
and scholarship in 18th-century 
British Literature; demonstrated potential 
for creative productivity and evidence of scholarly productivity and professional 
engagement; commitment to the university’s liberal arts mission 
and to undergraduate education. Responsibilities: teach three courses per 
semester in British literature, composition, and first-year seminars; perform 
departmental duties which may include curriculum development 
and serving on both departmental and university-wide committees; advise 
students; engage in scholarly research and publication; and other duties 
as assigned by the department chair.

Located in the Piedmont Triad, just south of Greensboro, NC, High 
Point University (HPU) is fast emerging as a premier liberal arts college. 
Well-funded, innovative, and student-centered, HPU blends traditional 
educational goals with hi-tech facilities and cutting-edge programs. The 
campus has doubled in size over the last six years, and first-year student 
enrollments have grown by 246% since 2005. Faculty receive excellent 
research and teaching support and have access to state-of-the-art classrooms. 
The curriculum boasts 4-credit courses, first-year seminars, and 
emphases on global citizenry and civic engagement. New faculty will find 
plenty of room for curricular and pedagogical invention and experimentation, 
within both the gen-ed program and the major.

The HPU English 
Department is positioned to grow substantially within 
the University. In addition to a new first-year writing curriculum, the department 
offers majors and minors in literature and writing. Its faculty are 
experimenting with new technologies (e-readers, Twitter, multi-media, 
wikis, etc.), while maintaining traditional emphases on critical thinking, 
cultural analysis, and creative writing. New faculty will have the opportunity 
to push disciplinary boundaries, explore new areas of inquiry, and 
mentor increasingly talented students.

Please email a letter of application and current vita to Dr. Cara Kozma 
at litjobs@ highpoint .edu. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled.

High Point University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action/ equal 
access employer 
and especially encourages applications from members of 
minority groups, women, and persons with disabilities. [R]

High Point U

English, 
University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262

Assistant Professor of English 
15847

http:// www .highpoint .edu

The English 
Department at High Point University invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor position in 19th-century 
American 
Literature, to begin Fall 2012, pending final budgetary approval. Requirements: 
PhD in English, 
American Literature, or related field with 
strong background and scholarship in 19th-century 
American Literature; 
demonstrated potential for creative productivity and evidence of scholarly 
productivity and professional engagement; commitment to the university’s 
liberal arts mission and to undergraduate education. Responsibilities: 
teach three courses per semester in American literature, composition, 
and first-year seminars; perform departmental duties which may include 
curriculum development and serving on both departmental and university-
wide committees; advise students; engage in scholarly research and 
publication; and other duties as assigned by the department chair.

Located in the Piedmont Triad, just south of Greensboro, NC, High 
Point University (HPU) is fast emerging as a premier liberal arts college. 
Well-funded, innovative, and student-centered, HPU blends traditional 
educational goals with hi-tech facilities and cutting-edge programs. The 
campus has doubled in size over the last six years, and first-year student 
enrollments have grown by 246% since 2005. Faculty receive excellent 
research and teaching support and have access to state-of-the-art classrooms. 
The curriculum boasts 4-credit courses, first-year seminars, and 
emphases on global citizenry and civic engagement. New faculty will find 
plenty of room for curricular and pedagogical invention and experimentation, 
within both the gen-ed program and the major.

The HPU English 
Department is positioned to grow substantially within 
the University. In addition to a new first-year writing curriculum, the department 
offers majors and minors in literature and writing. Its faculty are 
experimenting with new technologies (e-readers, Twitter, multi-media, 
wikis, etc.), while maintaining traditional emphases on critical thinking, 
cultural analysis, and creative writing. New faculty will have the opportunity 
to push disciplinary boundaries, explore new areas of inquiry, and 
mentor increasingly talented students.

Please email a letter of application and current vita to Dr. Cara Kozma 
at litjobs@ highpoint .edu. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled.

High Point University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action/ equal 
access employer 
and especially encourages applications from members of 
minority groups, women, and persons with disabilities. [R]

High Point U

English, 
University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262

Assistant Professor of English 
15846

http:// www .highpoint .edu

The English 
Department at High Point University invites applications for 
a tenure-track assistant professor position in 20th-century 
and/or contemporary 
British Literature, to begin Fall 2012, pending final budgetary approval. 
Requirements: PhD in English, 
American Literature, or related 
field with strong background and scholarship in 20th-century 
British Literature; 
demonstrated potential for creative productivity and evidence of 
scholarly productivity and professional engagement; commitment to the 
university’s liberal arts mission and to undergraduate education. Responsibilities: 
teach three courses per semester in British literature, composition, 
and first-year seminars; perform departmental duties which may 



include curriculum development and serving on both departmental and 
university-wide committees; advise students; engage in scholarly research 
and publication; and other duties as assigned by the department chair.

Located in the Piedmont Triad, just south of Greensboro, NC, High 
Point University (HPU) is fast emerging as a premier liberal arts college. 
Well-funded, innovative, and student-centered, HPU blends traditional 
educational goals with hi-tech facilities and cutting-edge programs. The 
campus has doubled in size over the last six years, and first-year student 
enrollments have grown by 246% since 2005. Faculty receive excellent 
research and teaching support and have access to state-of-the-art classrooms. 
The curriculum boasts 4-credit courses, first-year seminars, and 
emphases on global citizenry and civic engagement. New faculty will find 
plenty of room for curricular and pedagogical invention and experimentation, 
within both the gen-ed program and the major.

The HPU English 
Department is positioned to grow substantially within 
the University. In addition to a new first-year writing curriculum, the department 
offers majors and minors in literature and writing. Its faculty are 
experimenting with new technologies (e-readers, Twitter, multi-media, 
wikis, etc.), while maintaining traditional emphases on critical thinking, 
cultural analysis, and creative writing. New faculty will have the opportunity 
to push disciplinary boundaries, explore new areas of inquiry, and 
mentor increasingly talented students.

Please email a letter of application and current vita to Dr. Cara Kozma 
at litjobs@ highpoint .edu. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled.

High Point University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action/ equal 
access employer 
and especially encourages applications from members of 
minority groups, women, and persons with disabilities. [R]

High Point U

English, 
University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262

Assistant Professor of English 
15845

http:// www .highpoint .edu

The English 
Department at High Point University invites applications for 
a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Creative Writing with a 
specialization in fiction writing. Candidates should have a PhD in writing, 
a published book and substantial record of publishing fiction, and a 
demonstrated record of teaching at the university level. Desirable secondary 
fields include critical theory and studies in narrative. The position begins 
August 2012, pending final budgetary approval.

The successful candidate will teach a 3/3 load, including undergraduate 
courses in introductory creative writing, advanced fiction, composition, 
and general education literature. Other duties include university and departmental 
service.

Applicants should submit a letter of application, cv, statement of teaching 
philosophy, three letters of recommendation, and writing sample to Dr. 
Charmaine Cadeau, Norcross 211, High Point University, 833 Montlieu 
Avenue, High Point, NC 27262. Review of applications will begin November 
15, 2011. Preliminary interviews will be conducted by phone in 
December.

Located in the North Carolina Piedmont Triad, a thriving metropolitan 
area with more than 1.4 million people, High Point University is a private 
liberal arts institution with approximately 4,300 undergraduate and 
graduate students from more than 52 countries and 40 states.

High Point University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action/ equal 
access employer 
and especially encourages applications from minorities, 
women and persons with disabilities. [R]

High Point U

English, 
University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262

Assistant Professor, Composition 15844

http:// www .highpoint .edu

The English 
Department at High Point University invites applications 
for a tenure-track faculty position in Composition, to begin Fall 2012, 
pending final budgetary approval. Requirements: PhD in Rhetoric and 
Composition or English 
(with a dissertation or publications in Rhetoric 
and Composition); experience teaching first-year writing; demonstrated 
potential for scholarly productivity and evidence of professional engagement; 
commitment to the liberal arts mission of the university. Responsibilities: 
teach three courses per semester in composition and the English 
curriculum; develop and participate in ongoing assessments of the writing 
program; perform departmental duties which may include curriculum development 
and service on both departmental and university-wide committees; 
advise students; engage in scholarly research and publication; and 
other duties as assigned by the department chair. Candidates with research 
and teaching interests in rhetorical theory (particularly digital rhetoric) or 
information literacy are strongly encouraged to apply. Those interested 
in the scholarship of teaching, interdisciplinary research, or longitudinal 
studies of writing development will have the opportunity to contribute to 
program research on student learning. This hire will join five other composition 
scholars on staff.

Located in the Piedmont Triad, just south of Greensboro, NC, High 
Point University (HPU) is fast emerging as a premier liberal arts college. 
Well-funded, innovative, and learner-centered, HPU blends traditional 
educational goals with hi-tech facilities and cutting-edge programs. The 
campus has doubled in size over the last six years, and first-year student 
enrollments have grown by 246% since 2005. Faculty receive excellent 
research and teaching support and have access to state-of-the-art classrooms. 
The new curriculum boasts 4-credit courses, first-year seminars, 
and emphases on global citizenry and civic engagement. New faculty will 
find plenty of room for curricular and pedagogical invention and experimentation, 
within both the gen-ed program and the major.

In addition to a new first-year writing curriculum, the English 
department 
offers majors and minors in literature and writing. Its faculty are experimenting 
with new technologies (e-readers, Twitter, multi-media, wikis, 
etc.), while maintaining traditional emphases on critical thinking, cultural 
analysis, and creative writing. The new faculty member will have opportunities 
to push disciplinary boundaries, explore new areas of inquiry, develop 
innovative courses, and mentor increasingly talented students.

Please email a letter of application and current vita to Dr. William Carpenter, 
Director of Composition, Department of English, 
wcarpent@ 
highpoint .edu. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled.

High Point University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action/ equal 
access employer 
and especially encourages applications from minorities, 
women and persons with disabilities. [R]

North Carolina SU

English, 
PO Box 8105 Raleigh NC 27695

Open-Rank Tenure/ Tenure-Track Position in Rhetoric and Technical 
Communication 15682

Department of English


Position Vacancy Number: 00065227

The Department of English 
at North Carolina State University is searching 
for a new faculty member to join its programs in technical communication, 
professional writing, and digital media. The position is listed at the 
rank of Assistant Professor but exceptional candidates will be considered 
for appointment at a higher rank.

Position Description: Duties include teaching graduate and undergraduate 
courses in technical communication, digital media, professional writing, 
and/or rhetoric of science and technology (2–2 base teaching load for 



assistant professors), as well as maintaining an active research and publication 
program and participating in scholarly and university service. Applicants 
with research and teaching interests in international and global 
issues in technical communication will receive primary consideration; 
those with strengths in multimedia design and production, digital media 
theory, project management, computer-supported cooperative work, and 
rhetoric of science and technology may also be considered. We are interested 
in strengthening connections with industry and increasing opportunities 
for industry-based or grant-supported research and instructional 
projects.

Qualifications: Required qualifications include a Ph.D. in technical communication, 
rhetoric, or a related field, completed by August 15, 2012, 
and evidence of promise in research and teaching related to departmental 
programs and the areas of interest listed above.

Information about Department and Programs: Technical communication 
programs at NC State are well established within the Department 
of English 
(http:// english 
.chass .ncsu .edu/ index .php) and include courses 
within an undergraduate concentration in Language, Writing, and Rhetoric 
(http:// english 
.chass .ncsu .edu/ undergraduate/ lwr/ lang .php), a minor 
(http:// english 
.chass .ncsu .edu/ undergraduate/ minors/ techcomm_ minor 
.php) and a master’s degree in Technical Communication (http:// english 
.chass .ncsu .edu/ graduate/ms/msprogram .php), and an interdisciplinary 
doctoral program in Communication, Rhetoric, and Digital Media 
(http:// crdm .chass .ncsu .edu/) that incorporates technical communication. 
There is a large service program in technical, business, and scientific 
writing (http:// english 
.chass .ncsu .edu/ undergraduate/ prof_ writing/ prof_ 
writing .php) and a nationally innovative Campus Writing and Speaking 
Program (http:// www .ncsu .edu/ cwsp/) that works to incorporate writing 
and speaking experiences within undergraduate instruction across the 
curriculum. The Department’s 55 tenure-track faculty members include 
11 in rhetoric, technical communication, and composition.

Instructions for Applicants: Please use the NC State University employment 
web portal (https:// jobs .ncsu .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/); we cannot 
consider applications submitted in any other way. Upload letter of application 
(addressed to Antony H. Harrison, Department Head, and referencing 
the position title Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Technical Communication 
and position number 00065227), CV, and contact information for 
at least three references. Three letters of reference, a writing sample, and 
teaching materials and evaluations may be requested later. Screening of applications 
will begin October 15 and will continue until position is filled.

North Carolina State University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer 
welcoming applications from members of under-represented 
groups and all persons without regard to sexual orientation. For 
ADA accommodation, contact Sonia Meeks at (919) 515-4109 or Sonia_ 
meeks@ ncsu .edu. [R]

U of North Carolina, Chapel Hill

English 
& Comp Lit, PO Box 3520, Greenlaw Hall Chapel Hill NC 27599

Margaret R. Shuping Fellow /Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, 
Creative Non-Fiction 15763

http:// englishcomplit 
.unc .edu/

Entry-level, tenure-track position. Candidates must have established strong 
literary reputations, at the national and/or international level, in Creative 
Non-Fiction. Requirements include BA (MFA preferred); substantial, ongoing 
publication; at least two years college teaching experience; and commitment 
to teaching undergraduates and mentoring young writers.

Competitive salary for entry-level assistant professor; 2–2 teaching load, 
undergraduate classes.

Applicants must apply online at http:// jobs .unc .edu/2501821 and electronically 
upload a letter of application, a current curriculum vitae, copies 
of reviews of recent books, and copies of relevant publications. Click on 
the Direct Link URL from any internet browser to apply for the position.

Hard copies of recent books (at least one book in print required) and copies 
of relevant publications that cannot be uploaded electronically should 
be mailed to:

Beverly Taylor, Chair

Department of English 
and Comparative Literature

Greenlaw Hall, CB# 3520

UNC-Chapel Hill

Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3520

In addition, applicants should have four letters of recommendation sent to 
gtompkins@ unc .edu.

Application deadline: 5:00 pm, November 15, 2011.

Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
UNC is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] [R]

Warren Wilson C

English, 
CPO6123 PO Box 9000 Asheville NC 28815

Fiction Writer Faculty 15740

http:// www .warren-wilson .edu

Warren Wilson College: The Undergraduate Writing Program of Warren 
Wilson College seeks a fiction writer to join our faculty and assist 
us in shaping our growing program. The Writing Program, which exists 
alongside and shares faculty and courses with the English 
Department, 
offers a creative writing major and minor with tracks in poetry, fiction, 
and creative nonfiction. In addition, the Writing Program houses first-
year writing and a Writing Center, supports a literary journal, and hosts a 
reading series and twice-a-year Writer-in-Residence.

This is a full-time, entry-level position in an extended contract system 
with a 3–3 load. All regular writing faculty teach broadly, with courses 
that include introductory and advanced multi-genre classes, tiered single-
genre workshops, first-year composition, and occasional first-year seminars. 
Faculty in this position will also develop readings courses in their 
expertise that contribute to a category of genre-study through immersion 
in contemporary literatures.

We seek candidates with an M.F.A. and/or Ph.D. in Creative Writing and 
Literature (in hand by August 2012). The successful candidate will have 
significant and relevant publications, evidence of excellence in and commitment 
to teaching undergraduates at a residential college, and the expectation 
of continued creative and/or scholarly work.

Warren Wilson College, known for its low-residency MFA, is a tier-one 
nationally ranked, independent liberal arts college organized around a 
unique Triad education of academics, work, and service; current campus-
wide initiatives emphasize sustainability thinking and interdisciplinary 
teaching. (Learn more at our website: www .warren-wilson .edu.)

Interested candidates should submit (electronically) a cover letter, c.v., 
and statement of teaching philosophy to Academic Affairs creativewritingsearch@ 
warren-wilson .edu (Warren Wilson College, PO Box 9000, 
Asheville, NC 28815-9000). Review of applications will begin November 
1, 2011 and continue until the position is filled.

We desire a diverse faculty and a community that reflects a global outlook. 
WWC does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, 
national or ethnic origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, or 
sexual orientation. [R]

Ohio

Oberlin C

English, 
10 N Professor St, Rice Hall Oberlin OH 44074

Assistant Professor of Contemporary American Ethnic Literature 15922

http:// new .oberlin .edu/

The English 
Department at Oberlin College invites applications for a 
full-time tenure track faculty position. At the position's curricular core 
is an advanced course on ethnicity in contemporary American literature 
from a comparative perspective and may emphasize interdisciplinary and/
or theoretical approaches. In addition to working in the English 
Depart



ment, the incumbent will be encouraged to develop courses which may 
be cross-referenced with the Comparative American Studies Program. 
Candidates should have Ph.D. in hand or expected by Fall 2012. For more 
information, see Jobs at Oberlin: http:// new .oberlin .edu/ [R]

Ohio SU

Comp Studies, 1775 College Rd, 451 Hagerty Hall Columbus OH 43210

Assistant or Associate Professor, American Indian Studies 15961

http:// www .osu .edu

The Department of Comparative Studies at The Ohio State University 
at Newark announces the opening of a tenure track position in American 
Indian Studies (at the rank of assistant or associate professor) at our Newark 
campus to begin autumn semester 2012.

Although the specific research area is open and teaching responsibilities 
will be focused on general education classes that draw on the instructor's 
area of specialization, the ideal candidate should have expertise and experience 
in the teaching of humanities courses that introduce students to 
cross cultural perspectives within or outside the United States. The most 
serious consideration will be given to candidates with knowledge of the 
American Indian cultures of the Midwest and their modern situations 
(e.g., Native groups and individuals relocated from their ancestral homelands), 
as reflected, for example, in literature, oral history, and/or art.

The successful candidate must have a Ph.D. at the time of appointment. 
Demonstrable teaching and research interest in American Indian Studies. 
Teaching experience at the college or university level is desired.

Interested candidates should submit a cover letter explaining their fit for 
the position, a CV, a sample syllabus, a writing sample (not to exceed 25 
pp) and three letters of recommendation to: Office of Human Resources, 
Assistant or Associate Professor of American Indian Studies to: The Ohio 
State University at Newark, 1179 University Drive, Newark, OH 43055. 
Review of applications will begin December 5, 2011. Requires successful 
completion of a background check. To build a diverse workforce, Ohio 
State encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, 
veterans, and women. EEO/AA Employer 
[R]

Oklahoma

Oklahoma Baptist U

Division of Language and Literature, 500 W. University, OBU Box 
61204 Shawnee OK 74804

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: 
English 
Education 15805

http:// www .okbu .edu

The Division of Language and Literature at Oklahoma Baptist University 
invites applications for an assistant or associate professor of English 
specializing in English 
Education; this full-time, tenure-track position 
begins in August 2012. Candidates must have at least three years of experience 
teaching middle or secondary school, and they must participate 
in the training of teacher candidates. Teaching duties include a methods 
course for English 
Education majors, as well as other upper-and lower-
division offerings in English, 
including first-year composition and a sophomore-
level, team-taught Western Civilization sequence. Other duties 
include committee work, student advisement, oversight of NCATE accreditation, 
and possible supervision of student teachers.

This position requires a Ph.D. in hand before August 2012. The successful 
candidate will demonstrate commitment to the ideals of Christian Liberal 
Arts education and will be an active member of an evangelical congregation.

Applicants should submit a C.V., three letters of recommendation, and a 
writing sample to Mike Johnson, Director of Human Resources, Oklahoma 
Baptist University, Box 61141, Shawnee, Oklahoma, 74804.

The division will take applications until the position is filled, but we plan 
to interview at the 2012 MLA conference in January.

Oklahoma Baptist U

Division of Language and Literature, 500 W. University, OBU Box 
61204 Shawnee OK 74804

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: 
American Literature 15803

http:// www .okbu .edu

The Division of Language and Literature at Oklahoma Baptist University 
invites applications for an assistant or associate professor of English, 
a full-
time, tenure-track position beginning in August 2012. Preference will 
be given to candidates with a specialty in pre-1865 American literature. 
Candidates must also be able to teach other upper-and lower-division 
offerings in English, 
including first-year composition and a sophomore-
level, team-taught Western Civilization sequence. Other duties include 
committee work, student advising, and departmental tasks as assigned.

This position requires a Ph.D. in hand before August 2012. The successful 
candidate will be able to demonstrate commitment to the ideals of Christian 
Liberal Arts education and will be an active member of an evangelical 
congregation.

Applicants should submit a C.V., three letters of recommendation, and a 
writing sample to Mike Johnson, Director of Human Resources, Oklahoma 
Baptist University, Box 61141, Shawnee, Oklahoma, 74804.

The division will take applications until the position is filled, but we plan 
to interview at the 2012 MLA conference in January.

Oklahoma Baptist U

Division of Language and Literature, 500 W. University, OBU Box 
61204 Shawnee OK 74804

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: 
Fiction and Fiction Writing 15804

http:// www .okbu .edu

The Division of Language and Literature at Oklahoma Baptist University 
invites applications for an assistant or associate professor of English, 
a 
full-time, tenure-track position beginning in August 2012. The ideal candidate 
will be able to teach upper-level courses in the modern or contemporary 
novel as well as courses in fiction writing. The successful candidate 
will be a strong generalist with the ability to teach expository writing, as 
well as in OBU’s two-semester, team-taught course on Western Civilization. 
Other duties include service on division and university committees, 
advising students, and participating in assessment.

This position requires a Ph.D. in hand before August 2012. The successful 
candidate will demonstrate commitment to the ideals of Christian Liberal 
Arts education and will be an active member of an evangelical congregation.

Applicants should submit a C.V., three letters of recommendation, and a 
writing sample to Mike Johnson, Director of Human Resources, Oklahoma 
Baptist University, Box 61141, Shawnee, Oklahoma, 74804.

The division will take applications until the position is filled, but we plan 
to interview at the 2012 MLA conference in January.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Endowed Professorship in Literature 15888

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

The Department of English 
seeks applicants for the Houston-Truax-
Wentz Endowed Professorship in English. 
Tenured Full Professor position 
with a specialization in any area of literature, beginning August 2012. 
Ph.D. in Literature with a distinguished publication and research record 
required, as well as a demonstrated commitment to quality undergraduate 
and graduate teaching. Salary competitive.

The Houston-Truax-Wentz Endowed Professorship in English 
was established 
to enhance excellence in teaching and scholarship in the Department 
of English 
at Oklahoma State University. We seek an established 
scholar and teacher in any area of literature compatible with departmental 
research interests.



The Department of English 
offers B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. degrees in English. 
For information on the Department of English 
see our webpage at 
http:// english 
.okstate .edu. Informal enquiries to the Department Head 
(Dr. Carol Moder, carol .moder@ okstate .edu) are welcomed. We encourage 
inquiries and applications by December 9, 2011. However, we will 
continue to accept and consider applications until the position has been 
filled. Applicants should submit a letter of application; a cv, a statement 
of research and teaching interests, a sample publication, and a list of persons 
who could provide references, including addresses (mail and e-mail) 
and telephone numbers. Applications should be sent to Dr. Carol Moder, 
HTW Search Committee, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, 
Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. 
OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

U of Central Oklahoma

English, 
100 N University Dr Box 184 Edmond OK 73034

Assistant Professor of English 
/TESL 15913

http:// www .uco .edu/la/english/ 
index .asp

Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor of English. 
Teach four 
courses per semester, including first-year, upper-division, and master's-
level courses in Teaching English 
as a Second Language (TESL). Earned 
doctorate and evidence of teaching excellence required. Complete information 
and online application available at http:// jobs .uco .edu. The 
University of Central Oklahoma is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R]

Oregon

Portland SU

English, 
PO Box 751 Portland OR 97207

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in American Literature 19th & 
20th Century 15644

http:// www .pdx .edu

The English 
department at Portland State University seeks an Assistant 
Professor specializing in 19th & 20th Century American Literature and 
culture in English 
to start September 16, 2012. Successful candidate 
will teach a wide range of courses in literature and culture from the 
19th & 20th century as well as core courses in support of the English 
and University Studies curriculum. Ph.D. from a literature department 
or appropriate area studies program required for this position. 2/2/2 
courseload; salary competitive ($50,265 minimum) and excellent benefits. 
Send letter, C.V., writing sample and three letters of recommendations 
to Chair, American Lit. 19 & 20th Century Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
Portland State University, PO Box 751, Portland OR 
97207-0751. All application materials must be received by November 15, 
2011. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the MLA conference 
in January, 2012. Additional information at http:// www .pdx .edu/hr/
faculty-administrative-openings.

PSU is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity institution and welcomes 
applications from diverse candidates and candidates who support 
diversity. [R]

Portland SU

English, 
PO Box 751 Portland OR 97207

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in African American Literature 15643

http:// www .pdx .edu

The English 
department at Portland State University seeks an Assistant 
Professor specializing in African American Literature and culture in English 
to start September 16, 2012. Successful candidate will teach a wide 
range of courses focused in African American literature as well as core 
courses in support of the English 
and University Studies curriculum. 
Ph.D. from a literature department or appropriate area studies program 
required for this position. 2/2/2 courseload; salary competitive ($50,265 
minimum) and excellent benefits. Send letter, C.V., writing sample and 
three letters of recommendations to Chair, African American Lit. Search 
Committee, Department of English, 
Portland State University, PO Box 
751, Portland OR 97207-0751. All application materials must be received 
by November 15, 2011. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the 
MLA conference in January, 2012. Additional information at http:// www 
.pdx .edu/hr/faculty-administrative-openings

PSU is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity institution and welcomes 
applications from diverse candidates and candidates who support 
diversity [R]

Reed C

English, 
ATTN: Karen Bondaruk 3203 SE Woodstock Blvd Portland 
OR 97202

Visiting Position in Creative Writing 15942

http:// www .reed .edu

The Department of English 
is seeking a one-year visiting position in Creative 
Writing (Poetry, with interest in other genres encouraged), with the 
possibility of renewal, to teach five undergraduate writing workshops/ 
courses per year at a highly selective liberal arts college with an emphasis 
on excellence in teaching. Beginning fall (August) 2012. Rank open. The 
job also includes advising two to four senior theses a year and helping 
to manage a visiting writers’ reading series. Reed has only two positions 
in Creative Writing; with this in mind, the successful candidate will be 
asked to help oversee a program for students that is integrated with the 
English 
Department and to work with colleagues to design other ways 
of giving creative writing a presence on campus. We are especially looking 
for someone whose teaching portfolio reflects a deep, broad, and sustained 
understanding of diverse voices in contemporary American poetry, 
including Hispanic American, African American, Native American, and/
or Asian American poetic traditions. We will be seeking someone with 
proven teaching ability, persistent engagement in writing and publication 
of national stature. M.F.A. or the equivalent required. Letters of application, 
including a CV, short writing sample, and dossier or three letters 
of recommendation (at least one of which expressly addresses teaching) 
should be submitted by November 1. Electronic applications are required 
and must be sent as PDF (preferred) or Word attachments to crwr1-visitor 
.search@ reed .edu. If letters of reference must be sent in hard copy, please 
submit to Pancho Savery, Chair, Creative Writing Search, c/o Karin 
Purdy, Reed College, 3203 SE Woodstock Blvd., Portland, OR 97202. 
Reed is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
and is committed to a diverse 
faculty; minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. [R]

U of Oregon

English, 
1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403

Assistant Professor in Film and Media Studies 15771

http:// pages .uoregon .edu/ engl//index .php

The University of Oregon Department of English 
(http:// pages .uoregon 
.edu/ engl/) is searching for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Film 
and Media Studies. In particular, we seek candidates with expertise in 
queer and/or sexuality studies to complement our department's existing 
strengths in the study of race/ ethnicity, gender, and nationhood. We are 
especially interested in candidates whose work engages with the intersectionality 
of these categories; we also welcome applicants who specialize in 
trans/ interactive media. The successful candidate will participate in the 
University's interdisciplinary program in Cinema Studies (http:// cinema 
.uoregon .edu/)

Responsibilities will include active engagement in research, as well as 
teaching film and film/ media theory with an interdisciplinary emphasis 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels. We encourage applications 
from candidates who have experience working with students from diverse 
backgrounds.



Minimum Requirements: Ph.D. in Film Studies, English, 
or related field 
in hand by time of appointment. Salary is competitive.

Candidates are asked to apply on line at www .academicjobsonline .org 
by posting curriculum vitae, writing sample of approximately 20 pages, 
statement of teaching philosophy and three letters of recommendation. If 
you are unable to use this online resource, please contact engl@ uoregon 
.edu to arrange alternate means of submitting application materials.

Materials received after November 4, 2011 will not be considered.

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action 
institution committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the 
Americans with Disabilities Act. We strongly encourage applications from 
candidates who share our commitment to diversity. [R]

Pennsylvania

Carnegie Mellon U

English, 
5000 Forbes Av Baker Hall 259 Pittsburgh PA 15213

Assistant or Associate Teaching Professor of English 
(Rhetoric/ 
Composition, Writing Center Director) 15677

http:// www .cmu .edu/ hss/ english/


The Department of English 
at Carnegie Mellon invites applications for a 
full-time (11-month), nontenure-track position as Assistant or Associate 
Teaching Professor of English 
to serve as the Writing and Communication 
Center Director beginning in Fall 2012. The Director will provide 
leadership for the planning, development, and implementation of a Writing 
and Communication Center. The mission of the Center will be to 
support, enhance and research curricular responses to the communication 
needs of global academic and professional multidisciplinary communities, 
with attention not only to written communication, but also to spoken and 
visual. The Center will work individually with students and faculty in 
all disciplines and at all levels across the colleges. In addition to taking 
the lead in developing the Center, responsibilities will include overseeing 
the daily management of the Center; recruiting, training and mentoring 
undergraduate and graduate consultants and office staff; serving as liaison 
for university stakeholders; and contributing to faculty and curriculum 
development related to communication in the disciplines. A 1/1 teaching 
load will include a tutorial course designed to educate and train writing 
consultants, as well as an occasional writing course or graduate seminar in 
the director’s area of specialization. The Director will also be responsible 
for coordinating with an analogous Center on our Qatar campus. Carnegie 
Mellon University is a tier-1 research university with about 11,500 
students and about 1400 faculty. About 28% of students hail from 100 
countries outside the U.S. CMU is consistently a top-ranked university.

APPOINTMENT AND RANK: Assistant Teaching Professor is a faculty 
career position with provision for renewal and promotion to Associate 
Teaching and Full Teaching Professor. Renewal and promotion is 
based on making foundational contributions to education at Carnegie 
Mellon and establishing a national reputation in the field. Rank of the 
initial appointment will be commensurate with experience.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Requirements include a PhD in Composition 
and Rhetoric, English, 
or related field. Primary or secondary specialization 
in writing center theory and practice, writing pedagogy, or 
writing program administration is required. Knowledge of writing center 
theory and pedagogy, WAC/ WID, composition, literacy studies, intercultural 
rhetoric, second language writing or document design is expected.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Strong preference will be given 
to applicants with prior administrative background. Candidates with research 
agendas that demonstrate synergies among scholarship, pedagogy, 
and professional development of/for communication consultants are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Such synergies might include, but are not 
limited to, mentoring consultants on academic and professional projects 
or publishing research that grows out of communication initiatives completed 
with instructors and administrators on campus.

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: Send letter of application, CV, three 
current letters of reference, a sample of course evaluations and a writing 
sample (maximum 20 pages) to

Professor David S. Kaufer

c/o Vickie McKay

ATTN: Rhetoric/ Writing Center Position

Department of English, 
Baker Hall 259, Pittsburgh, PA 15213

Screening of application materials will begin November 15, 2011, and 
will continue until the position is filled. Application materials should be 
postmarked no later than November 15, 2011 to be given full consideration. 
We will be available at the MLA meeting in Seattle, WA, from 
January 5–8, 2012, to discuss details of this position with candidates who 
apply by November 15th, and whom we have contacted to arrange a 
meeting. EEO/AA/ADA [R]

Comm C of Philadelphia

English, 
1700 Spring Garden St Philadelphia PA 19130

Instructor or Assistant Professor of English-
Communication 15766

http:// www .ccp .edu

Full-time, tenure-track position in Communication (in the English 
Department) 
at the largest public institution of higher education in Philadelphia


Master of Arts/ Master of Sciences in Communication or closely related 
field required. Experience in teaching Public Speaking, Introduction to 
Communication Theory, Interpersonal Communication, and/or Small 
Group/ Team Communication required. Knowledge of educational technology 
expected. Four course semester teaching load.

A full list of benefits can be found on the college website.

Interested persons can apply online at https:// jobs .ccp .edu

Cover letter of interest and CV are required; three professional references 
required. Applicants must be legally eligible to work in the U.S. Applications 
will be accepted until November 14, 2011.

Comm C of Philadelphia

English, 
1700 Spring Garden St Philadelphia PA 19130

Instructor or Assistant Professor of English 
15765

http:// www .ccp .edu

Full-time, tenure-track Generalist positions in English 
at the largest public 
institution of higher education in Philadelphia

Master's or Ph.D./Ed.D. degree in English, 
Composition, Rhetoric or 
closely-related field required. The MFA degree will also be considered. 
Experience in teaching composition or developmental English 
required; 
knowledge of educational technology expected. Four-course semester 
teaching load.

A full list of benefits can be found on the college website.

Interested persons can apply online at https:// jobs .ccp .edu

Cover letter of interest and CV are required; three professional references 
required. Applicants must be legally eligible to work in the U.S. Applications 
will be accepted until November 14, 2011.

Drexel U

English 
& Philos, 3141 Chestnut St Philadelphia PA 19104

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of African-American Literature 15857

http:// www .drexel .edu/ engphil/

The Department of English 
and Philosophy at Drexel University seeks an 
Assistant Professor specializing in 20th and 21st century African-American 
Literature. Complementary fields might include Literature and Science 
or Drama/ Performance Studies. Candidates’ work should suit the 
particular research and teaching environment of Drexel University, a cooperative 
education based learning institution.



Successful candidates for this position will present strong evidence of 
scholarly promise, excellence in teaching, and have a PhD in English 
or 
Comparative Literature. The 6-course per year teaching load comprises 
lower and upper-level classes for majors and non-majors. The ideal candidate 
will be able to teach a range of courses in African-American literature 
and culture, contribute to the department’s growing digital 
humanities initiative, and participate in university wide collaborative research 
and teaching initiatives between the humanities and the sciences.

Please email application letter, CV, sample of scholarly writing (20pp or 
less), and three letters of recommendation to Raymond Brebach, chair, 
African-American Literature Search Committee at brebach@ drexel .edu 
by November 1, 2011. Preliminary interviews will take place at the MLA 
convention in January 2013. Position is effective on September 1, 2012. 
Ph.D. is required at the time of appointment.

Drexel University is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity institution

Duquesne U

English, 
637 College Hall 600 Forbes Av Pittsburgh PA 15282

Assistant Professor of English 
15646

http:// www .duq .edu/ english


The English 
Department at Duquesne University seeks a specialist in 
Nineteenth Century American Literature, with expertise in fiction preferred, 
at the level of Assistant Professor (tenure-track), to begin in the 
fall of 2012. Candidates should demonstrate the ability to teach a range 
of courses, including specialized graduate and advanced undergraduate 
courses in 19th Century American Literature and both parts of the undergraduate 
American Literature Survey. The ability to develop courses 
at all levels in secondary areas of interest is also desirable. Scholarship or 
the strong promise of scholarship is required for consideration. Excellent 
teaching and the publication of peer-reviewed research is necessary for 
both tenure and promotion. Successful candidates must be able and willing 
to teach and work with MA and PhD students. The typical teaching 
load in the department is 5 courses per year. The PhD degree is highly 
preferred, and completion of the degree is required for appointment at the 
level of Assistant Professor.

Applicants must be willing to contribute actively to the mission and to respect 
the Spiritan Catholic identity of Duquesne University. The mission 
is implemented through a commitment to academic excellence, a spirit 
of service, moral and spiritual values, sensitivity to world concerns, and 
an ecumenical campus community. Duquesne University was founded 
in 1878 by its sponsoring religious community, the Congregation of the 
Holy Spirit. Duquesne University is Catholic in mission and ecumenical 
in spirit. Motivated by its Catholic identity, Duquesne values equality of 
opportunity both as an educational institution and as an employer.


To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names and 
addresses of at least three professional references to Dr. Magali Cornier 
Michael, ATTN: Nineteenth Century American Literature Search, Department 
of English, 
637 College Hall, Duquesne University, 600 Forbes 
Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15282. Applications should be postmarked no 
later than October 15, 2011. Initial interviews will take place at the MLA 
convention. [R]

Gettysburg C

English, 
300 N Washington St, Box 397 Gettysburg PA 17325

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 15939

http:// www .gettysburg .edu

The Department of English 
at Gettysburg College seeks a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor of African American Literature to start in August 2012. 
We welcome applications from candidates working in any period of African 
American literature, although the ability to teach critical theory 
would be an added strength. The 3/2 teaching load will include first-year 
seminars, broad intermediate-level courses, and more specialized upper-
level courses. The successful candidate will combine a vibrant research 
agenda with a commitment to thoughtful student advisement and excellent 
undergraduate teaching. Candidates should have PhD in hand by the 
time of appointment.

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and writing sample of 
no more than 30 pages to Professor Elizabeth Duquette, African American 
Literature Search Chair, Department of English, 
Campus Box 397, 
Gettysburg College, Gettysburg, PA 17325. Requests for dossiers will be 
made after an initial review; interviews will be conducted at the MLA 
convention. Electronic applications will not be accepted. Application materials 
should be postmarked by November 11, 2011.

Gettysburg College is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 
90 minutes of the Washington/ Baltimore metropolitan area. Established 
in 1832, the College has a rich history and is situated on a 220-acre campus 
with an enrollment of over 2,600 students. Gettysburg College celebrates 
diversity and welcomes applications from members of any group 
that has been historically underrepresented in the American academy. 
The College assures equal employment opportunity and prohibits discrimination 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, 
sexual orientation, age, and disability.

Mercyhurst C

English, 
501 E 38th St Erie PA 16546

Assistant Professor of English 
15758

http:// english 
.mercyhurst .edu/ programs/ english-
major/

The Department of English 
at Mercyhurst College invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in drama. The ideal candidate would specialize in 
British, American, or world drama and have experience directing. Responsibilities 
include teaching a mix of composition, literary surveys, and 
seminars in American, British, and/or world drama; directing one play 
per year; and developing a minor in theater. Ph.D. in English 
or M.F.A. in 
theater/ playwriting required. The position begins August 2012.

Applications should include a letter focused on experience in teaching and 
directing, a CV, and a self-addressed, stamped postcard. Mail to Dr. Jeffrey 
Roessner, Chair, English 
Department, Mercyhurst College, 501 East 
38th Street, Erie, PA 16546. Review of applications begins Nov. 1.

Mercyhurst is a Catholic college in the liberal arts tradition, with nationally 
recognized programs in arts, sciences, and career programs. The college 
is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
committed to 
developing a diverse faculty and staff. [R]

Penn State U

English, 
105 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802

Assistant Professor of British Literature and Culture: Nineteenth Century 
and Romanticism 15654

http:// english.
la.psu .edu/

Department of English, 
Penn State University seeks a promising scholar 
and proven teacher to participate in our graduate and undergraduate 
programs and contribute to initiatives in nineteenth-century 
British literature 
and culture. Our preference is for scholarship that focuses on the 
early nineteenth century and/or Romanticism. Ph.D. required by August 
1, 2011. Start date, Fall 2012. Please apply directly online, including 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, letters of reference, abstract of dissertation 
(1000 words) and one writing sample at: http:// www.la.psu .edu/ 
facultysearch/. Screening of applications will begin October 15, 2011. 
Claire Colebrook, Search Committee Chair.

Department Website: http:// english.
la.psu .edu/

Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the 
diversity of its workforce. [R]



U of Pittsburgh

English, 
526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260

Beginning or Advanced Assistant Professor, Composition 15743

http:// www .english 
.pitt .edu

U of Pittsburgh

Beginning or Advanced Assistant Professor: Composition

Pending budgetary approval, we anticipate a tenure-track position for an 
Assistant Professor in Composition. We are seeking colleagues to help 
teach a range of courses in the graduate and undergraduate curriculum 
and to join a core faculty with a broad sense of research areas that have 
bearing on the field, along with a history of attention to the relation of 
reading to writing.

Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure 
is awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. The University 
of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in academia 
are especially encouraged to apply.

Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vita by November 4th to 
Don Bialostosky, Chair, Department of English, 
526 CL, University of 
Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We will ask for a writing sample and 
letters at a later stage of the review. We plan to interview at the MLA in 
Seattle January 5–8. [R]

U of Pittsburgh

English, 
526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260

Assistant Professor, Fiction Writing 15736

http:// www .english 
.pitt .edu

Fiction Writing: Assistant Professor Rank:

The Department of English 
at the University of Pittsburgh anticipates an 
Assistant Professor position, pending budgetary approval, in Fiction Writing, 
tenure track, to teach undergraduate and MFA Students. Required: 
extensive experience and publication. MFA or other advanced degree preferred. 
For a position as an Assistant Professor, we expect at least one book 
and/or significant publication in journals. Experience in digital media 
desirable. Applicants should be interested in helping to support a large, 
extremely active undergraduate major as well as a nationally recognized 
Master of Fine Arts program that runs several reading and collaborative 
arts series on campus and in the community.

Course load: normally 4/year; competitive salary. Tenure is awarded for 
excellence in teaching, research, publication and service. The University 
of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in academia 
are especially encouraged to apply.

Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vita by November 4th to 
Don Bialostosky, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Pittsburgh, 
526 Cathedral of Learning, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We will ask for a writing 
sample and letters at a later stage of the review. We plan to interview 
candidates at the MLA convention in Seattle January 5–8 or on campus in 
early January. [R]

West Chester U

English, 
720 S High St Main Hall 532 West Chester PA 19383

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing/ Creative Nonfiction 15979

http:// www .wcupa .edu

NEW POSITION. Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence 
is reflected in its diversity and student success. West Chester University is 
seeking applicants for the position of Creative Writing/ Creative Nonfiction 
Specialist. Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. or M.F.A. (or equivalent) 
completed or expected by August, 2012, in Creative Writing, with demonstrated 
commitment to creative nonfiction and the teaching of creative 
nonfiction as a primary field of study and poetry as a secondary field of 
study; creative nonfiction and poetry publication; and experience teaching 
composition at the college level. Preferred candidates will also have 
experience teaching creative nonfiction at the undergraduate or graduate 
levels and an active research agenda. Publication in journals is desirable, as 
is experience in distance education and/or in publishing/ editing. There is 
a four-course teaching responsibility per semester, with two courses per 
semester in general education/ composition. Salary and benefits are highly 
competitive. Finalists must demonstrate effective teaching and communication 
skills during an on-campus interview. References with contact 
information will be required prior to interview. Send complete dossier 
(including transcripts, letters of recommendation, and curriculum vitae, as 
well as a fifteen-page sample of creative nonfiction and five-page sample 
of poetry) to Dr. Victoria Tischio, Chair, Department of English, 
West 
Chester University, West Chester, PA 19383-2124. Review of applications 
will begin on November 1 and will continue until the position is filled; 
notification begins December 15, 2011, for interviews to be held at MLA 
2012 in Seattle. Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty advances West 
Chester University’s educational mission and Plan for Excellence. West 
Chester University is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The filling of this position 
is contingent upon available funding. All offers of employment are 
subject to and contingent upon satisfactory completion of all pre-employment 
criminal background and consumer reporting checks. [R]

West Chester U

English, 
720 S High St Main Hall 532 West Chester PA 19383

Assistant Professor of English, 
Teacher Education Specialist 15977

http:// www .wcupa .edu/ scripts/ vacancies/ v-list .asp

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity 
and student success. West Chester University is seeking applicants 
for the position of Assistant Professor of English 
whose primary responsibilities 
will be in the area of English 
Education. The position will involve 
teaching courses in secondary methods, writing and literature pedagogy, 
supervision of student teachers in their field placements, and introductory 
literature and composition courses. The teaching load is 4/4. The 
successful candidate will have completed the doctorate by August 2012, 
have experience with NCATE/ CAEP/ NCTE standards, hold a secondary 
teaching certification in English/ 
Language Arts grades 7–12, have at 
least three years of experience as a secondary level classroom teacher in 
English/ 
Language Arts, and have experience in teaching methods courses 
and supervision of student teachers. The successful candidate will demonstrate 
an active research agenda through a history of conference presentations 
as well as through articles submitted for publication. Secondary area 
of interest: educational technology preferred. Experience in teaching both 
first year writing and literature courses, experience in teaching in departmental 
major and minor programs, and experience teaching English 
language 
learners preferred. In addition, our preferred candidate will have 
demonstrated interest in taking a leadership role in the English 
Education 
Program by participating in service activities on campus. Finalists must 
successfully complete the interview process and teaching demonstration. 
References with contact information will be required prior to interview. 
Highly competitive salary and benefits. Applicants should send letter of 
interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, graduate and undergraduate 
transcripts, and copy of teaching certificate to Dr. Victoria Tischio, 
Chairperson, Department of English, 
West Chester University, West 
Chester, PA 19383-2124. Review of applications will begin October 15 
and continue until position is filled. Developing and sustaining a diverse 
faculty and staff advances WCU’s educational mission and strategic Plan 
for Excellence. West Chester University is an Affirmative Action – Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
The filling of this position is contingent upon available funding. All offers 
of employment are subject and contingent upon satisfactory completion 
of all pre-employment criminal background and consumer reporting 
checks. [R]



West Chester U

English, 
720 S High St Main Hall 532 West Chester PA 19383

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing/ Fiction 15975

http:// www .wcupa .edu/

NEW POSITION. Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence 
is reflected in its diversity and student success. This is a full-time, tenure-
track position. West Chester University is seeking applicants for the 
position of Creative Writing/ Fiction Specialist. Minimum qualifications: 
Ph.D. or M.F.A. completed or expected by August, 2012, in Creative 
Writing, or in English, 
with demonstrated commitment to fiction writing 
and the teaching of fiction writing as primary field of study; fiction publication; 
and experience teaching composition at the college level. Preferred 
candidates will also have experience teaching fiction writing at the undergraduate 
and/or graduate levels; and an active research agenda with a 
history of conference presentations and articles submitted for publication. 
Editing and fiction publication with premier journals and presses is desirable, 
as is experience in distance education and/or screenwriting. There 
is a four course teaching responsibility per semester, with two courses 
per semester in general education writing. Salary and benefits are highly 
competitive. Finalists must demonstrate effective teaching and communication 
skills during an on-campus interview. References with contact 
information will be required prior to interview. The filling of this position 
is contingent upon available funding. All offers of employment are 
subject to and contingent upon satisfactory completion of all pre-employment 
criminal background and consumer reporting checks. Send letter of 
interest, curriculum vitae, and dossier including three letters of reference 
and undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Dr. Victoria Tischio, Chair, 
Dept. of English, 
West Chester University, West Chester, PA 19383-2124. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
position is filled; notification begins 15 December 2011 for interviews to 
be held at MLA 2012 in Seattle. Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty 
advances West Chester University’s educational mission and Plan for 
Excellence. West Chester University is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]

West Chester U

English, 
720 S High St Main Hall 532 West Chester PA 19383

Assistant Professor of English, 
Teacher Education/ School Partnerships 15978

http:// www .mla .org/ jil_ submit

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity 
and student success. West Chester University is seeking applicants 
for the position of Assistant Professor of English 
whose primary responsibilities 
will be in the area of English 
Education. The position will involve 
teaching courses in secondary methods, writing and literature pedagogy, 
supervision of student teachers in their field placements, developing or 
maintaining partnerships with school districts, and introductory literature 
and composition courses. The teaching load is 4/4. The successful 
candidate will have completed the doctorate by August 2012, experience 
with NCATE/ CAEP/ NCTE standards, secondary teaching certification 
in English/ 
Language Arts grades 7–12, at least three years of experience 
as a secondary level classroom teacher in English/ 
Language Arts, and experience 
in teaching methods courses and supervision of student teachers. 
In addition, a successful candidate will have demonstrated experience in 
developing school partnerships. The successful candidate should be able 
to demonstrate an active research agenda in English 
and/or English 
Education 
through a history of conference presentations as well as through 
articles submitted for publication. Secondary areas of interest: multicultural 
education, urban education. Experience in teaching both first year 
writing and literature courses, teaching in departmental major and minor 
programs, and a demonstrated interest in taking a leadership role in the 
English 
Education Program by participating in service activities on campus 
is preferred. Experience in teaching English 
Language Learners is 
desired. Finalists must successfully complete the interview process and 
teaching demonstration. References with contact information will be required 
prior to interview. Highly competitive salary and benefits. Applicants 
should send letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
graduate and undergraduate transcripts, and copy of teaching certificate 
to Dr. Victoria Tischio, Chairperson, Department of English, 
West Chester 
University, West Chester, PA 19383-2124. Review of applications will 
begin October 15 and continue until position is filled. Developing and 
sustaining a diverse faculty and staff advances WCU’s educational mission 
and strategic Plan for Excellence. West Chester University is an Affirmative 
Action – Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. The filling of this position is contingent upon available 
funding. All offers of employment are subject to and contingent upon 
satisfactory completion of all pre-employment criminal background and 
consumer reporting checks. [R]

Rhode Island

Brown U

Comp Lit, Box E, 20 Manning Walk Providence RI 02912

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature and Modern Culture 
and Media 15633

http:// brown .edu

Brown University invites applications for a joint position in the Department 
of Modern Culture and Media and the Department of Comparative 
Literature, in postcolonial theory at the rank of Assistant Professor, tenure 
track. We seek a scholar of nonwestern media, literature, and culture 
as well as postcolonial theory. Research interests should be transnational 
and comparative (in at least two languages). Applicants should be conversant 
with both media and literary theory, and have teaching interests 
in both literature and media. Media research and teaching can include 
digital media, cinema, and/or television. Applicants must have received 
their Ph.D. by the time of appointment. Applications must be postmarked 
by November 1.

Submit letter of application, c.v., and 3 letters of recommendation to:

Professors Philip Rosen and Suzanne Stewart-Steinberg

Co-Chairs, Search Committee

Department of Comparative Literature

Marston Hall

20 Manning Walk, Box E

Brown University

Providence, RI 02912

Brown University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]

Brown U

Literary Arts Prog, Box 1923 Providence RI 02912

Assistant Professor of Screenwriting 15648

http:// www .brown .edu/cw

Assistant Professor of Literary Arts, Tenure Track. Brown University.

Brown University invites applications for an Assistant Professor, tenure 
track, specializing in Screenwriting, position to begin 1 July 2012.

Candidates should have done some work in screenwriting and have some 
teaching experience at the undergraduate level. An ideal candidate will 
also have leadership potential and be interested in helping to develop and 
administer the future of the Literary Arts

Program. We are looking for a strong and committed teacher who will 
make important contributions to contemporary screenwriting. Course 
load is 2/2. Duties include teaching beginning, intermediate and advanced 
screenwriting workshops, directing graduate and undergraduate 
theses, and advising graduate and undergraduate students in screenwriting 
and related topics.

Candidates should send letter of application, writing sample, three letters 
of reference and c.v. to Brian Evenson, Search Committee Chair,



Literary Arts, Brown University, Box 1923, Providence RI 02912. Review 
of applications will begin on November 1, 2011. Brown is an EEO/
AA employer. Minorities and women are encouraged to apply.

Brown U

Mod Culture & Media, Box 1957 155 George St Providence RI 02912

Professor of Modern Culture and Media in Film and/or 
New Media Studies 15668

http:// www .brown .edu/ Departments/ MCM/

The Department of Modern Culture and Media, Brown University, invites 
applications for a faculty position at the rank of full professor, with 
interests in one or a combination of some of the following: New Media 
Studies, Film Studies, Critical Theories of Culture and Media. We seek a 
scholar of demonstrated distinction to contribute to our doctoral and undergraduate 
programs. We are open to a wide range of research specialties 
within these fields. Enlarging the breadth of historical and/or geographical 
coverage of the department is a plus.

Consideration of applications will begin November 15, 2011. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled.

Submit letters of application and c.v. to:

Professor Ellen Rooney, Search Committee Chair

Department of Modern Culture and Media

Brown University

Box 1957

Providence, RI 02912

Brown University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]

South Carolina

Clemson U

English, 
PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634

Assistant Professor position for Fall 2012 in Literature and the History 
of Technology 15661

http:// www .clemson .edu/ caah/ english


The English 
Department at Clemson University seeks to fill a tenure-
track, Assistant Professor position, beginning Fall 2012, in Literature 
and the History of Technology from a broadly comparativist perspective. 
The successful candidate will also show expertise in one or more of the 
following secondary areas of interest: comparative and world literature, 
history of science, global studies and communication, and rhetorical, material 
and cross-cultural analysis. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in the English 
Department and have the 
opportunity to participate in Clemson's interdisciplinary PhD program in 
Rhetorics, Communication, and Information Design. Please send letter of 
application and vita to Sean Williams, Chair, "Literature and Technology 
Search Committee," Department of English, 
801 Strode Tower, Clemson 
University, Clemson, SC 29634.

Review of applications will begin November 4, 2011. Preliminary interviews 
will occur at the MLA Convention in Seattle, WA.

Clemson University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
employer 
and does not discriminate against any individual or group of individuals 
on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, 
religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or genetic information. [R]

Clemson U

English, 
PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634

Assistant Professor position for Fall 2012 in Digital Humanities 15660

http:// www .clemson .edu/ caah/ english


The English 
Department at Clemson University seeks to fill a tenure-
track, Assistant Professor position for Fall 2012 in Digital Humanities. 
Candidates working in digital literary scholarship and emerging publishing 
technologies are especially encouraged to apply. The successful candidate 
will teach undergraduate courses in literature, rhetoric, professional communication, 
creative writing, and/or digital media, as well as advanced 
undergraduate and graduate courses in the candidate's specialized field. 
The successful candidate will also have the opportunity to participate in 
Clemson's interdisciplinary PhD program in Rhetorics, Communication, 
and Information Design. Please send letter of application and vita to Sean 
Williams, Chair, "Digital Humanities Search Committee," Department of 
English, 
801 Strode Tower, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634.

Review of applications will begin November 4, 2011. Preliminary interviews 
will occur at the MLA Convention in Seattle, WA.

Clemson University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
employer 
and does not discriminate against any individual or group of individuals 
on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, 
religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or genetic information. [R]

Erskine C

English, 
PO Box 338 Due West SC 29639

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
and Writing Seminar Director 15907

http:// www .erskine .edu

This position includes teaching freshman composition and sophomore 
seminar courses and directing a new writing across the curriculum seminar 
program. The position is tenure track and begins in fall 2012.

Duties of the Writing Seminar Director may include, but not be limited 
to, the following: recruiting and training teachers for the seminar; 
working with a Writing Seminar Committee to create common types 
of written assignments and guidelines for evaluating those assignments; 
overseeing portfolios of students’ writing; and assessing the seminar’s effectiveness 
in improving students’ writing skills.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference 
to jobs@ erskine .edu.

Erskine College is a private, Christian liberal arts college affiliated with 
the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church. To learn more about Erskine 
and this position, visit our website at http:// www .erskine .edu/ 
faculty-staff/ jobsHR .html . [R]

Erskine C

English, 
PO Box 338 Due West SC 29639

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
15903

http:// www .erskine .edu

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in medieval English 
literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with secondary expertise in several of 
the following: literary criticism, history and grammar of the English 
language, 
young adult literature, Victorian literature, creative writing, journalism, 
and theater. The position is tenure track and begins in fall 2012.

Successful candidates must show a strong commitment to teaching excellence 
and serious scholarship. The normal teaching load, eight courses per 
academic year, includes freshman composition and introductory literature 
courses.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae (listing both undergraduate 
and graduate English 
courses), and three letters of reference to jobs@ 
erskine .edu.

Erskine College is a private, Christian liberal arts college affiliated with the 
Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church. To learn more about Erskine 



and this position, visit our website at http:// www .erskine .edu/ faculty-
staff/ jobsHR .html. [R]

Erskine C

English, 
PO Box 338 Due West SC 29639

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
15899

http:// www .erskine .edu

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in modern literature (primarily British 
and world). Preference will be given to candidates with secondary expertise 
in several of the following: literary criticism, history and grammar of the English 
language, young adult literature, Victorian literature, creative writing, 
journalism, and theater. The position is tenure track and begins in fall 2012.

Successful candidates must show a strong commitment to teaching excellence 
and serious scholarship. The normal teaching load, eight courses per 
academic year, includes freshman composition and introductory literature 
courses.

To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vitae (listing both undergraduate 
and graduate English 
courses), and three letters of reference to 
jobs@ erskine .edu.

Erskine College is a private, Christian liberal arts college affiliated with 
the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church. To learn more about Erskine 
and this position, visit our website at http:// www .erskine .edu/ 
faculty-staff/ jobsHR .html . [R]

Erskine C

English, 
PO Box 338 Due West SC 29639

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
15905

http:// www .erskine .edu

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in early American literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with secondary expertise in several of 
the following: literary criticism, history and grammar of the English 
language, 
young adult literature, Victorian literature, creative writing, journalism, 
and theater. This is a one year appointment with the possibility of 
renewal and tenure track.

Successful candidates must show a strong commitment to teaching excellence 
and serious scholarship. The normal teaching load, eight courses per 
academic year, includes freshman composition and introductory literature 
courses.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae (listing both undergraduate and 
graduate English 
courses), and three letters of reference to jobs@ erskine .edu.

Erskine College is a private, Christian liberal arts college affiliated with 
the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church. To learn more about Erskine 
and this position, visit our website at http:// www .erskine .edu/ 
faculty-staff/ jobsHR .html . [R]

Francis Marion U

English, 
Mod Lang, & Philos, PO Box 100547 Florence SC 29501

Assistant Professor of English 
15948

http:// www .fmarion .edu

Tenure-track writing specialist. Ph.D. in English 
with interest in business/ 
professional writing and creative non-fiction. Experience teaching 
first-year writing required. Francis Marion University, a state-supported 
regional university with a strong emphasis on the liberal arts, provides generous 
support for research, including conference travel. Summer research 
stipends are available on a competitive basis. Please send a letter of interest 
(referencing position 12–07), FMU faculty application, and CV to Dr. 
Christopher D. Johnson, Chair, Department of English, 
Francis Marion 
University, PO Box 100547, Florence, SC 29502-0547. Faculty applications 
can be found at: http:// images .acs .webnetworks .com/2017/77/
FacandotherspecApplication .pdf Screening begins October 15. Francis 
Marion University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Institution. 
[R]

Furman U

English, 
3300 Poinsett Hwy Greenville SC 29613

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism 15744

http:// www,furman .edu

The English 
Department at Furman University invites applications for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professor position focusing on British Romanticism, 
beginning August 1, 2012. Preference will be given to candidates with evidence 
of scholarly promise, a Ph.D. completed by the time of contract, and 
a commitment to excellence in teaching in a liberal arts environment.

Furman University is a private, selective liberal arts college of approximately 
2,700 residential students, located in Greenville, South Carolina, 
in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. The teaching load will be 
five undergraduate courses per year, at least two of which will be upper-
level courses. Department members can expect to contribute to Furman’s 
First Year Seminar Program, which entails teaching writing-intensive 
topical courses for freshmen students. Furman University is an Equal Opportunity 
employer 
committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty.

Please address your letter of application to Professor Lynne Shackelford, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Furman University, 3300 Poinsett Highway, 
Greenville, SC 29613. Our preference is to receive applications electronically, 
via e-mail attachments, preferably formatted as pdf. files. Please 
send by November 1 a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and writing 
sample of approximately 15 pages to Ms. Wendy Bremer at Britishrom@ 
furman .edu. [R]

Presbyterian C

Department of English, 
503 S Broad St Clinton SC 29325

Assistant Professor, World Literature 15718

The Presbyterian College Department of English 
invites applications for 
a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor. PhD in English, 
or related field, with specialization in world literature (degree by September 
1, 2012). Successful candidate would be expected to teach introductory 
composition courses, upper-level world literature courses, and a 
foundational literary theory course. Ability to teach courses in Chinese 
literature, Film/ Media Studies, and/or Women's/Gender Studies is desirable. 
To apply, submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three 
letters of recommendation, and college and graduate school transcripts 
to Dr. Molly McGehee at mtmcgehee@ presby .edu. Review of applications 
will begin on November 15th. Initial interviews will be held at 
MLA. For more on PC’s dynamic and collegial English 
Department, visit 
www .presby .edu/ english. 
Presbyterian College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
The College seeks to hire the most qualified candidate and 
does not discriminate against any legally protected class. [R]

South Dakota

U of South Dakota

English, 
414 E Clark St, 212 Dakota Hall Vermillion SD 57069

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
and Director of Writing 15875

http:// www .usd .edu/ english


The University of South Dakota invites applications for a tenure-track 
Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
to serve as Director of Writing. 
In addition to training and supervision of teaching assistants, responsibilities 
include writing curriculum development and program assessment 
as well as limited classroom teaching. Excellence in teaching is expected, 
both in the classroom and in mentoring students outside the classroom. 
An ongoing research agenda is assumed. Teaching experience and a PhD 
in rhetoric and composition (or equivalent) are required; administrative 
experience, publications, and presentations are desirable.



Anticipated date of appointment is July 22, 2012. Salary is commensurate 
with rank. Housed in the College of Arts and Sciences, USD's English 
Department offers BA/BS, MA, and PhD degrees. USD is the state's flagship 
liberal arts university.

Apply on-line at https:// yourfuture .sdbor .edu. A complete application 
consists of a CV, application letter, official graduate transcript and at least 
three letters of reference.

Materials may also be submitted to:

John Dudley, Chair, English 
Department

The University of South Dakota

414 East Clark Street

Vermillion, SD 57069-2390.

Screening begins November 1, 2011 and continues until a suitable candidate 
is hired.

The University of South Dakota is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action 
institution committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty, staff, 
and students. [R]

Tennessee

Middle Tennessee SU

English, 
PO Box 70 1301 E Main St Murfreesboro TN 37132

Composition Studies; Assistant Professor 15915

http:// mtsujobs .mtsu .edu

Middle Tennessee State University seeks applications for a tenure-track 
position in Composition Studies; Assistant Professor beginning August 1, 
2012; Ph.D. by August 2012 in Composition Studies or a related field, 
with specialization open. Preference given to those with coursework and/
or experience in writing centers, writing across the curriculum, National 
Writing Project site, TA coordination, writing assessment, technology 
in composition instruction, developmental writing, TESOL, rhetoric, or 
grammar/ linguistics. Experience in writing and teaching fiction and/or 
creative non-fiction a plus. Candidates should be committed to instruction 
in general education but can also expect frequent opportunities for 
upper-division and graduate teaching. Experience teaching freshman 
composition and/or literature desirable.

To apply for this position, go to https:// mtsujobs .mtsu .edu and follow the 
instructions on how to complete an application, attach documents, and 
submit online. Review of applications begins October 31, 2011 and continues 
until position is filled. EO/AA employer. 
[R]

Rhodes C

English, 
2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112

Assistant Professor: Poet 15629

http:// jobs .Rhodes .edu

The English 
Department at Rhodes College seeks a Poet to join the Department 
at the level of Assistant Professor (Tenure Track), starting August, 
2012. We seek an accomplished poet and dedicated teacher who can 
contribute broadly and energetically to our expanding Creative Writing 
and Literature track within the English 
Department. The successful candidate 
will join a department of active scholars and creative writers who 
are committed to excellence in undergraduate teaching. Course load is 
3/2, with workshops normally capped at 15 students.

Qualifications: M.F.A. and/or Ph.D. in Creative Writing in hand or expected 
by August 2012. Successful candidates must demonstrate evidence 
of teaching excellence as well as a strong record of and potential for continued 
publication.

Please apply online at jobs .Rhodes .edu. We will begin reviewing files 
beginning on October 28. Completed applications must include a cover 
letter, current curriculum vitae, three representative poems, evidence of 
teaching excellence, and three letters of recommendation. For additional 
information contact:

Professor Marshall Boswell, Chair

boswell@ rhodes .edu

Founded in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly selective, private, residential, 
undergraduate college, located in Memphis, Tennessee. We aspire to 
graduate students with a lifelong passion for learning, a compassion for 
others, and the ability to translate academic study and personal concern 
into effective leadership and action in their communities and the world. 
We encourage applications from candidates interested in helping us 
achieve this vision.

Rhodes College values an inclusive and welcoming environment. We are 
an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity in the workforce. 
http:// www .rhodes .edu/ collegehandbook/10309.asp

Memphis has a metropolitan population of over one million and is the 
nation’s 19th largest city. The city provides multiple opportunities for research 
and for cultural and recreational activities. Read more about Memphis 
at http:// www .rhodes .edu/ about/22775.asp. [R]

Rhodes C

English, 
2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112

Assistant Professor of American Literature 15627

http:// jobs .Rhodes .edu

The English 
Department at Rhodes College seeks a specialist in American 
Literature before 1850 to join the Department at the level of Assistant 
Professor (Tenure Track) beginning August 2012. The successful candidate 
will join a department of active scholars and creative writers who are 
committed to excellence in undergraduate teaching. Teaching load is 3/2.

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
with a specialty in American Literature 
in hand or expected by August 2012. Successful candidates must demonstrate 
evidence of teaching excellence as well as a strong record of and 
potential for continued scholarly productivity and publication.

Please apply online at jobs .Rhodes .edu. We will begin reading applications 
on October 14. Completed applications must include a cover letter, 
current curriculum vitae, writing sample, evidence of teaching excellence, 
and three letters of recommendation. For additional information contact:

Professor Marshall Boswell, Chair

boswell@ rhodes .edu

Founded in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly selective, private, residential, 
undergraduate college, located in Memphis, Tennessee. We aspire to 
graduate students with a lifelong passion for learning, a compassion for 
others, and the ability to translate academic study and personal concern 
into effective leadership and action in their communities and the world. 
We encourage applications from candidates interested in helping us 
achieve this vision.

Rhodes College values an inclusive and welcoming environment. We are 
an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity in the workforce. 
http:// www .rhodes .edu/ collegehandbook/10309.asp

Memphis has a metropolitan population of over one million and is the 
nation’s 19th largest city. The city provides multiple opportunities for research 
and for cultural and recreational activities. Read more about Memphis 
at http:// www .rhodes .edu/ about/22775.asp. [R]

Rhodes C

English, 
2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112

Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor of African American 
Literature 15626

http:// jobs .Rhodes .edu

The English 
Department at Rhodes College seeks to hire a specialist in 
African American Literature at either the entry or the advanced level 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning 
August 2012. The successful candidate will offer courses in the English 




Department and the African American Studies Program. The successful 
candidate will join a department of active scholars and creative writers 
who are committed to excellence in undergraduate teaching. Teaching 
load is 3/2.

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
with a specialty in African American Literature, 
clear evidence of teaching excellence, and a strong record of and 
potential for continued publication.

Please apply online at jobs .Rhodes .edu. Review of applications will begin 
on October 28. Completed applications must include a cover letter, current 
curriculum vitae, writing sample, evidence of teaching excellence, 
and three letters of recommendation. For additional information contact:

Professor Leslie Petty, Search Committee Chair

pettyl@ rhodes .edu

Founded in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly selective, private, residential, 
undergraduate college, located in Memphis, Tennessee. We aspire to 
graduate students with a lifelong passion for learning, a compassion for 
others, and the ability to translate academic study and personal concern 
into effective leadership and action in their communities and the world. 
We encourage applications from candidates interested in helping us 
achieve this vision.

Rhodes College values an inclusive and welcoming environment. We are 
an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity in the workforce. 
http:// www .rhodes .edu/ collegehandbook/10309.asp

Memphis has a metropolitan population of over one million and is the 
nation’s 19th largest city. The city provides multiple opportunities for research 
and for cultural and recreational activities. Read more about Memphis 
at http:// www .rhodes .edu/ about/22775.asp. [R]

Tennessee Tech U

English, 
PO Box 5053 Cookeville TN 38505

Assistant Professor 15981

http:// www .tntech .edu/ jobs

Tennessee Tech University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position in 20th/21st century American Literature. The complete 
position description and application procedure are available at www 
.tntech .edu/ jobs. AA/EEO. [R]

U of Memphis

English, 
467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152

Assistant professor: Composition Studies/ Professional Writing 15897

http:// www .memphis .edu/ english


The concentration of Composition Studies and Professional Writing in 
the Department of English 
at The University of Memphis invites applications 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor to begin 
fall 2012. Established in1999, the concentration in Composition Studies 
and Professional Writing teaches students in our BA, MA, and PhD degree 
programs, with classes that address communication in multi-media, 
technology, science, medicine, academia, public discourse, and diversity. 
We seek colleagues willing to participate in strengthening programs based 
on the interrelationships among discours, rhetoric, and professional writing. 
Applications will be enhanced by demonstrated expertise in medical 
rhetoric/ writing, composition program administration, basic writing, 
technical writing, diversity, or other areas that help strengthen the concentration 
in Composition Studies/ Professional Writing.

Requirements include a PhD in Writing Studies, Rhetoric and Composition, 
Technical Communication, or related discipline. Additional requirements 
include:

• evidence of excellent teaching,

• a commitment to serving the needs of a diverse student population,

• a collegial attitude for department and university service, and

• a focused research agenda that includes publications or potential for publication.


New faculty will be expected to advise graduate students, to pursue research 
productivity, and to teach undergraduate and graduate courses. 
Salary will be competitive. We anticipate conducting phone interviews 
starting in December; candidates for whom phone interviewing is a handicap 
may request alternative interviewing arrangements. Review of applications 
will begin Oct. 30, and continue until positions are filled.

To apply, candidates should submit all application materials online http:// 
workforum .memphis .edu. Application materials include:

• a detailed cover letter,

• current CV,

• statement of teaching philosophy,

• writing sample (20–25 pages), and

• a reference list for three recommendation letters.

• The successful candidate will be required to submit official transcripts 
upon hire.

The University of Memphis, a Tennessee Board of Regents Institution, is 
an Equal Employment/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
We urge all qualified 
applicants to apply for this position. Appointment will be based on 
qualifications as they relate to position requirements without regard to 
race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, disability, or veteran status. 
We seek candidates who will contribute to the climate of diversity in the 
department and in the University, in which students and faculty facilitate 
constructive dialogue in the classroom and community to inspire responsible 
citizenship in a diverse world.

U of Memphis

English, 
467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152

Assistant Professor of African American literature 15890

http:// www .memphis .edu/ english


Tenure Track Position to begin Fall 2012. The English 
Department at 
the University of Memphis, a Ph.D.-granting department, welcomes applicants 
who focus on Post-WWII African American Fiction, but exciting 
work in any area of contemporary African American literature will 
be considered. Responsibilities include teaching both undergraduate and 
graduate African American literature survey courses, teaching courses in 
the candidate’s areas of theoretical and literary expertise, carrying out an 
active research and publication agenda, and service to the department and 
university. Applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by the position’s starting 
date of August 2012. Review of applications begins November 1, and 
may continue until the position is filled. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. The University of Memphis, the flagship university of 
the Tennessee Board of Regents, is an EO/AA Immigration Reform Act Employer.


Applications for this position must be submitted on-line. To apply, visit

https:// workforum .memphis .edu.

U of Memphis

English, 
467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152

Assistant professor of Medieval English 
literature 15892

http:// www .memphis .edu/ english


The University of Memphis Department of English, 
a Ph.D.-granting 
department, is seeking a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Medieval 
English 
literature. The successful candidate will demonstrate strong potential 
as a teacher and scholar. Applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by the 
position’s starting date of August 2012. Responsibilities include teaching 
undergraduate and graduate classes in Medieval literature and the history 
of the English 
language, the undergraduate Early British Literature survey 
(Medieval through mid-eighteenth century), and, as needed, a variety 
of other undergraduate and graduate courses, as well as carrying out 
an active research and publication agenda. Review of applications begins 
November 1, and may continue until the position is filled. Preliminary 
interviews will take place at the MLA convention. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. The University of Memphis, the flagship univer



sity of the Tennessee Board of Regents system, is an EO/AA Immigration 
Reform Act Employer.


Applications for this position must be submitted online. To apply, visit:

https:// workforum .memphis .edu

Texas

Baylor U

Baylor Interdisciplinary Core, Morrison Hall 101.1 One Bear Place 
#97350 Waco TX 76798

Baylor Interdisciplinary Core /Full-time Lecturer 15664

http:// www .baylor .edu/hr/index .php?id=81274

Chartered in 1845 by the Republic of Texas, Baylor University is the oldest 
university in Texas and the world’s largest Baptist University. Baylor’s 
mission is to educate men and women for worldwide leadership and 
service by integrating academic excellence and Christian commitment 
within a caring community. Baylor is actively recruiting new faculty with 
a strong commitment to the classroom and an equally strong commitment 
to discovering new knowledge as Baylor aspires to become a top 
tier research university while reaffirming and strengthening its distinctive 
Christian mission as described in Baylor 2012 (www .baylor .edu/ vision/).

Baylor seeks to fill the following lecturer faculty position within the 
HONORS COLLEGE:

Full-Time Lecturer

Candidates should possess an earned doctorate in the appropriate field of 
study. You will be asked to provide a letter of interest; curriculum vitae; 
transcripts; and a list of three references in the application process. The 
letter of interest should include a statement of your teaching philosophy, 
an indication of which BIC classes you are most suited to teach, and a 
description of why you wish to teach and work in an interdisciplinary 
team-taught context. The letter should also describe how your faith commitment 
relates to Baylor’s mission statement. You will find a description 
of BIC courses at http:// www .baylor .edu/ bic/ index .php?id=21594

To learn more about the above position, the Honors College, and Baylor 
University, please visit the appropriate URL: http:// www .baylor .edu/hr/
index .php?id=81274; or www .baylor .edu.

Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General Convention 
of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/ Equal Employment Opportunity 
employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities to apply.

Baylor U

Great Texts Program, One Bear Place #97144 Waco TX 76798

Assistant Professor in the Honors College (Humanities/ Great Texts) 15616

http:// www .baylor .edu

Humanities/ Great Texts: Baylor University Great Texts Program seeks 
applicants for a tenure-track faculty position, at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, to begin Fall 2012. The Program is especially interested in 
applicants with expertise in Classics or the Classical Tradition, including 
comparative studies that engage literature, philosophy, or theology. 
Ph.D. required. Teaching load: 2/2. Salary is competitive and experience-
related. For full consideration, all materials must be received by November 
15, 2011. In addition to c.v., transcripts, writing sample, and three 
letters of recommendation, the letter of application should include a statement 
of teaching philosophy and a response to Baylor’s Mission Statement. 
A successful candidate will be able to identify strongly with Baylor's 
Christian identity and mission. The Mission Statement can be found at 
http:// www .baylor .edu/ about/ mission .html. Baylor is a Baptist university 
affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative 
Action-Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, 
women, veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply. Send applications 
to Dr. Phillip J. Donnelly, Director, Great Texts Program, Baylor University, 
One Bear Place #97144, Waco, Texas, 76798-7144 USA. [R]

Texas Christian U

English, 
TCU Dept of English 
297270 2800 S University Dr Fort 
Worth TX 76129

Instructor in English 
15751

http:// www .eng .tcu .edu

The TCU Department of English 
invites applications for the position of 
Instructor in English, 
a non-tenure-track, renewable position with primary 
responsibilities teaching lower-division courses for the university’s 
Core Curriculum requirements in writing and literature. In a department 
offering courses in literature, rhetoric, and writing, demonstrated teaching 
excellence is expected. Candidates are expected to teach four courses each 
semester. In addition to pedagogical expertise in composition and/or literature, 
other areas of specialization are open to consideration and may be 
taught when scheduling responsibilities and requirements for Core courses 
are satisfied. TCU offers annual support for travel and long-term opportunities 
for professional advancement. Minority applicants are encouraged 
to apply. PhD or MFA required before August 2012. To apply, upload a 
letter of application, vita, teaching philosophy, and sample syllabus for a 
lower-division course online at https:// tcu .igreentree .com/ CSS_ Faculty 
(personal/ contact information required; survey is voluntary). All questions 
regarding the application process should be directed to Jacqulyn Curry in 
Human Resources at j.curry@ tcu .edu or 817-257-5255. Applications not 
submitted online will not be considered. Review of applications begins 
October 14, 2011 and will continue until the position is filled. A private, 
secular institution of approximately 9,500 students located in the nation's 
fourth-largest metropolitan area, TCU is an AA/EEO employer. 
[R]

Texas Christian U

English, 
TCU Dept of English 
297270 2800 S University Dr Fort 
Worth TX 76129

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 15606

http:// eng .tcu .edu

Tenure-track, advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Rhetoric and 
Composition in a program with a major and minor in writing and a PhD 
in Rhetoric and Composition. A commitment to teaching at both the 
undergraduate and graduate levels as well as sustained research in rhetoric 
and composition is expected. Competitive teaching load, salary, and 
research support. PhD required. Minority applicants are encouraged to 
apply. To apply, upload a letter of application, vita, teaching philosophy, 
and sample syllabus for a lower-division course online at https:// tcu 
.igreentree .com/ CSS_ Faculty (personal/ contact information required; 
survey is voluntary). All questions regarding the application process 
should be directed to Jacqulyn Curry in Human Resources at j.curry@ 
tcu .edu or 817-257-5255. Applications not submitted online will not be 
considered. Review of applications begins October 14, 2011 and will continue 
until the position is filled. A private, secular institution of approximately 
9,500 students located in the nation's fourth-largest metropolitan 
area, TCU is an AA/EEO employer. 
[R]

Texas Woman's U

English, 
Speech, & For Langs, PO Box 425829 Denton TX 76204

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
15925

http:// www .twu .edu/ english-
speech-foreign-languages/

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
specializing in rhetoric to support 
growing BA and MA programs in English 
and the PhD program in rhetoric. 
The successful applicant will demonstrate effective teaching, clear 
evidence of ongoing scholarly publication, and a commitment to service. 
We seek a colleague working at the intersections of writing, rhetoric, and 
technology in areas such as, but not limited to, digital rhetoric and technology-
aided instruction. Preference given to advanced candidates who 



can contribute broadly to the department. Rank and salary commensurate 
with experience. Review of applications begins November 11, 2011 and 
continues until the position is filled. Please submit cover letter, CV, three 
letters of reference, student evaluations, a writing sample (of not more than 
25 pages), and a sample syllabus to facultyjobs@ twu .edu. Applications 
should include job code 12AS-ESFL01 and the candidate's name in the 
subject line. Texas Woman's University is an AA/EEO Employer. 
[R]

U of Texas, El Paso

English, 
500 W University Av, 113 Hudspeth Hall El Paso TX 79968

Assistant/ Associate Professor-17th Century British Literature 15995

College of Liberal Arts

English 
Department

POSITION DESCRIPTION: The English 
Department at the University 
of Texas at El Paso invites applications for an Assistant or Associate 
Professor specializing in seventeenth-century 
British literature. Position 
includes undergraduate and graduate teaching. First year load is 2/2; 
thereafter 3/3. The anticipated appointment date for the position is fall 
2012. We are especially interested in candidates committed to working 
with students of diverse backgrounds.

ABOUT UTEP: UTEP is the only research-intensive doctoral university 
in the United States with a Mexican-American majority student 
population, ranking second in the nation in awarding bachelor's degrees 
to Hispanics. UTEP serves a large, bicultural population located on the 
U.S.-Mexico border. Our students, who are approximately 75% Hispanic, 
mirror the population of this region and, increasingly, that of Texas and 
the United States. UTEP is increasingly recognized as a model in demonstrating 
that a university with a fundamental commitment to access can 
also achieve high levels of excellence in academic programs and research. 
UTEP's six academic colleges (Business Administration, Education, Engineering, 
Health Science, Liberal Arts and Science, and the School of 
Nursing) serve more than 22,000 students enrolled in 82 bachelor's, 86 
master's, and 19 doctoral degrees in a broad range of academic fields. For 
more information on our university, please visit the UTEP website (www 
.utep .edu/).

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: A strong background in Milton 
studies is essential. Desirable secondary areas include, but are not limited 
to, transatlantic studies, medieval studies, comparative studies, and/
or gender and sexuality. Desired candidate should already have Ph.D. by 
time of appointment and demonstrated scholarly activity in the field of 
seventeenth-century 
British literature. Candidates at the Associate Professor 
rank should have a substantial record of scholarly publication.

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: Interested candidates should submit a 
letter of interest; current curriculum vitae; transcripts; names/ addresses/ 
phone/e-mail for three references; and three (3) letters of recommendation 
and a writing sample will be requested from candidates who are of 
interest based on letter and vita. Review of applications will commence 
immediately. The search committee will review applications continuously 
until the position is filled. However, applicants are encouraged to apply by 
November 11, 2011.

To apply for this position, submit to:

Dr. Brian Yothers, Director of Literature

English 
Department

The University of Texas at El Paso

El Paso, TX 79968-0526

The University of Texas at El Paso is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
The University does not discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, genetic information, 
veteran status, or sexual orientation in employment or the provision 
of services

West Texas A&M U

C of Nursing & Health Sciences, WTAMU Box 60971 Canyon TX 79016

Dean, Sybil B. Harrington College of Fine Arts and Humanities 15783

http:// www .wtamu .edu/ employment

West Texas A&M University invites inquiries, nominations, and applications 
for the position of Dean of the Sybil B. Harrington College of Fine 
Arts and Humanities.

The successful candidate will possess a recognized terminal degree in one 
of the disciplines within the College, which consists of the Departments 
of Art, Theater and Dance; English, 
Philosophy and Modern Languages; 
Music; Communication; and History. The Dean reports to the Provost/ 
VPAA of the University and shall provide innovative, collaborative and 
visionary leadership; stimulate growth and quality in programs; represent 
views of students and faculty; develop and secure external funding; advance 
and improve the image of the college; and manage various administrative 
duties, including curricular supervision and coordination, budget 
preparation, supervision of faculty evaluation, expenditure approval, and 
student recruitment and retention. The Dean also coordinates the Sybil 
B. Harrington College of Fine Arts and Humanities Board of Advisors, 
serves as the University’s representative to the regional, state, and national 
arts community, and will be a community builder dedicated to the fulfillment 
of the University’s strategic plan and vision for the future.

Review of applications will begin November 15, 2011 and continue until 
the position is filled. The starting date is flexible, but no later than August 
1, 2012. Applications should include a cover letter, a statement of 
teaching and leadership philosophies, a complete C.V., copies of all graduate 
transcripts (original transcripts will be required before an offer can be 
made), and complete contact information for at least five references. Please 
see http:// www .wtamu .edu/ employment to apply. [R]

Utah

Utah SU

English, 
3200 Old Main Hill Logan UT 84322

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing and English 
Teaching 15768

http:// english 
.usu .edu

Position Summary: The English 
Department at Utah State University invites 
applicants for a full-time, tenure-track position in Creative Writing 
and English 
Teaching. We seek an assistant professor who can teach in 
both these areas. Areas of specialization can include poetry, creative nonfiction, 
or fiction as well as training secondary English 
teaching majors. 
The position is available August 2012 at a competitive salary.

Responsibilities: The position will contribute to the department’s English 
Teaching and Creative Writing emphases. The teaching load is supportive 
of research and creative work. Courses taught could include introductory, 
advanced, and graduate creative writing courses; teaching writing in the 
secondary schools; other English 
education courses; and environmental 
writing.

Women, minority, veteran, and disabled candidates are encouraged to 
apply. Utah State University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer.


Applicants must apply electronically at https:// jobs .usu .edu The search 
committee would also like the candidate to submit separately a placement 
center dossier containing letters of reference to Dr. Jeannie B. Thomas, 
Utah State University, Department of English, 
3200 Old Main Hill, 
Logan, UT 84322-3200.



Vermont

Norwich U

English, 
158 Harmon Dr Northfield VT 05663

English 
Faculty 15836

http:// www .norwich .edu

The Department of English 
and Communications at Norwich University 
invites applications for a tenure-track English 
faculty position in rhetoric/ 
composition to teach a 4/4 schedule of courses in freshman composition, 
public speaking, and technical writing, and to develop courses in expository 
and writing for the professions (law, business, engineering).

Candidates with prior teaching and writing center experience are particularly 
encouraged to apply. Ph.D. expected at time of hire. Interviews will 
be conducted at MLA. Candidates must have U.S. citizenship or Permanent 
Resident Status.

Please submit a cover letter, CV, and a Norwich application no later than 
November 4, 2011, to English 
Faculty Search, via e-mail: jobs@ norwich 
.edu.

Norwich University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
offering a comprehensive 
benefit package that includes medical, dental, group life and 
long term disability insurance, flexible-spending accounts for health and 
dependent care, retirement annuity plan and tuition scholarships for eligible 
employees and their family members.

Norwich U

English, 
158 Harmon Dr Northfield VT 05663

British Literature Faculty 15835

http:// www .norwich .edu

The Department of English 
and Communications at Norwich University 
invites applications for a tenure-track English 
faculty position in 17th-
18th century British literature to begin fall 2012.

Candidates with documented expertise in transatlantic literary and cultural 
studies are particularly encouraged to apply. All faculty teach a 4/4 
schedule of courses in freshman composition, world literature surveys, 
and English 
program electives; prior teaching experience desired. Ph.D. 
expected at time of hire. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. Candidates 
must have U.S. citizenship or Permanent Resident Status.

Please submit a cover letter, CV, and a Norwich application no later than 
November 4, 2011, to British Literature Search, via e-mail: jobs@ norwich 
.edu.

Norwich University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
offering a comprehensive 
benefit package that includes medical, dental, group life and 
long term disability insurance, flexible-spending accounts for health and 
dependent care, retirement annuity plan and tuition scholarships for eligible 
employees and their family members.

U of Vermont

English, 
400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405

Assistant Professor (Tenure Track) 15726

http:// www .uvmjobs .com

University of Vermont. The Department of English 
in the College of 
Arts & Sciences invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of Creative Writing: Fiction to begin August 2012. The writer 
hired for this position will teach introductory through upper-level undergraduate 
courses in creative writing, and serve as academic advisor for 
English 
majors. A secondary interest and expertise in teaching contemporary 
literature—short fiction and/or the novel—is desirable. Women and 
minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Minimum requirements: 
MFA in Creative Writing (Fiction), or PhD in English 
with a concentration 
in Creative Writing (Fiction); at least one book of fiction from 
a reputable trade, independent literary, or university press; undergraduate 
teaching experience. Salary, teaching load, and research support are 
highly competitive. Apply online at www .uvmjobs .com. Search for position 
using department name (English) 
only. Attach letter of application 
and CV, along with a statement of teaching philosophy. Please also provide 
the names and contact information of three recommenders. Review 
of applications will begin on November 1, 2011. Interviews with finalists 
(who will be asked for books and other supporting materials) to be held at 
MLA in Seattle, WA, January 5th and 6th.

Virginia

Emory & Henry C

English, 
PO Box 947, 1 Garnand Dr Emory VA 24327

Visiting Assistant Professor of Pre-1800 British Literature /Shakespeare 15717

http:// www .ehc .edu

Three-year appt., non-tenure-track, to begin fall 2012. Ph.D. required. 
7-course load. Candidate will teach first-year composition, 200-level 
British literature survey (to c. 1750), 300-level Shakespeare, and general 
education courses. Please send letter of application, CV, copies of graduate 
and undergraduate transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable), teaching evaluations, 
and three confidential letters of recommendation to Dean Linda 
Dobkins, Box 947, Emory & Henry College, Emory, VA 24327. Postmark 
deadline: Nov. 28, 2011. Electronic applications not accepted. Interviews 
at MLA. Emory & Henry is a four-year, Methodist-affiliated liberal arts 
college of 1000 students located in southwest Virginia. Check our website 
at www .ehc .edu. Emory & Henry is an equal-opportunity employer. 
Candidates from under-represented ethnic and racial groups are encouraged 
to apply.

Emory & Henry C

English, 
PO Box 947, 1 Garnand Dr Emory VA 24327

Assistant/ Advanced Assistant Professor of American/ 
Appalachian Literature 15716

http:// www .ehc .edu

Tenure-track position to begin fall 2012. Ph.D. required. 7-course load. 
Candidate will teach composition, American literature, Appalachian literature, 
and courses in general education. Candidate will also direct annual 
Appalachian literary festival and edit Iron Mountain Review. Please 
send letter of application, CV, copies of graduate and undergraduate 
transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable), teaching evaluations, and three 
confidential letters of recommendation to Dean Linda Dobkins, Box 947, 
Emory & Henry College, Emory, VA 24327. Postmark deadline: Nov. 14, 
2011. Electronic applications not accepted. Interviews at MLA. Emory & 
Henry is a four-year, Methodist-affiliated liberal arts college of 1000 students 
located in southwest Virginia. Check our website at www .ehc .edu. 
Emory & Henry is an equal-opportunity employer. 
Candidates from under-
represented ethnic and racial groups are encouraged to apply.

George Mason U

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030

Globalist Positions 15672

http:// www .gmu .edu

The George Mason University, College of Humanities and Social Sciences, 
invites applications for the following positions to begin Fall 2012. 
Candidates in fields in English 
will be considered along with candidates 
in other disciplines in the college.

Two openings for Assistant Professor/ Tenure Track faculty with specialties 
on India and the Pacific Rim. Seeking candidates whose research puts the 
specific regions of specialization in a global perspective. Candidates may 
come from any relevant discipline in the humanities and social sciences. 
Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment and demonstrated accomplishment 
or promise as a regional expert with a global reach. For full details and to 



apply visit http:// jobs .gmu .edu/. Pacific Rim specialists apply for position 
number F9511z; India specialists apply for position number F9509z.

Review of applications will begin October 17 and continue until the positions 
are filled.

George Mason is a university characterized by global vision, global presence, 
and global accomplishment in outreach, education and research. 
Recognized by the Institute for International Education for internationalizing 
the campus, and by the Princeton Review for its diversity, Mason 
takes innovative approaches to education that often combine the study of 
globalization with regionally focused courses and language studies.

To learn more about the College of Humanities and Social Sciences at 
George Mason University visit http:// chss .gmu .edu/.

Hollins U

English, 
PO Box 9677 Roanoke VA 24020

Visiting Distinguished Professor in Creative Writing 15902

http:// www .hollins .edu

The Jackson Center for Creative Writing at Hollins University invites applications 
for an endowed distinguished professorship in creative writing 
to begin July 2012. This is a one-year, visiting, full-time, renewable position.


The distinguished professor will teach a 2–2 load, including mixed-genre 
advanced seminars in creative writing, focused graduate tutorials, and 
graduate and undergraduate thesis direction. Additional responsibilities 
include full participation in the co-curricular and admission activities in 
support of Hollins’ MFA creative writing program.

Qualified candidates should be accomplished fiction writers with several 
published books. Preference will be given to candidates who also have 
multi-genre publications or teaching experience, some graduate level 
teaching, and a terminal degree in the field.

Qualified candidates should apply electronically by forwarding an application 
letter, curriculum vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and letters 
from three recent references to creative .writing@ hollins .edu. Screening of 
applications will begin immediately, and will continue until the position is 
filled. Hollins University is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to 
advancing women and supporting a diverse community. [R]

U of Virginia

Slavic Langs & Lit, PO Box 400783 Halsey Hall B005 Charlottesville 
VA 22904

Lecturer in American Sign Language 15963

http:// www.hr.virginia .edu

The American Sign Language Program at the University of Virginia invites 
applications for a three-year (9 month, non-tenure-track) Lecturer 
position, with chance of renewal, in ASL and Deaf Studies. The appointment 
begins August 25, 2012. Applicants may work in Anthropology, 
Education, History, Linguistics, Psychology, Sociology, or a similar field. 
The teaching load is three courses per semester; candidates should be prepared 
to teach advanced ASL language and Deaf Studies courses, with the 
opportunity to design new courses related to their general fields. The successful 
candidate will be expected to enhance the University's rigorous 
ASL Program and perform appropriate university, professional, and community 
service.

Qualifications:

An earned doctorate in hand by August 25, 2012 and native or near-native 
ASL skills. Demonstrated theoretical or interdisciplinary interests are 
desirable. Candidates should be familiar with current Deaf Studies scholarship 
and have extensive experience with the Deaf community. Experience 
teaching ASL on the college level, familiarity with VISTA

Signing Naturally curriculum, and American Sign Language Teaching 
Association (ASLTA) certification preferred.

The University of Virginia provides reasonable accommodations under 
the ADA.

To apply, qualified candidates must submit a Candidate Profile through 
Jobs@ UVa (https:// jobs .virginia .edu); search on posting 0608694 and 
electronically attach the following: Cover letter of application, CV, and 
the names and contact information of three references.

Review of applications will begin December 1, 2011; however, the position 
will remain open until filled.

Questions regarding the position should be directed to:

Christopher Krentz, Director

American Sign Language Program

ck9m@ Virginia .EDU

Questions regarding the application process in Jobs@ UVa should be directed 
to:

Anne Zook

rz@ Virginia .EDU

The University of Virginia is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
Deaf people, women, minorities, veterans, and people with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. 

Washington

Pacific Lutheran U

English, 
Admin 222 Tacoma WA 98447

Assistant Professor of English 
15834

http:// www .plu .edu/ human-resources/ Employment/

http:www .plu .edu/ ~english


Pacific Lutheran University invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the assistant professor level with a specialization in post-1945 American 
literature. Candidates with strengths in African-American literature, 
Native American Literature, Latino/ Latina literature, or literature of the 
American West are particularly welcome. Annual six-course load will be 
composed of one or two upper-division courses in American literature; 
lower-division literature courses (in American literature or in selected 
themes or genres); at least one first-year writing seminar in PLU’s First-
Year Experience Program; and, depending on the candidate’s training and 
interests, selected courses in PLU’s interdisciplinary programs (e.g., Children’s 
Literature and Culture, Publishing and Printing Arts, Environmental 
Studies, Women’s and Gender Studies, Global Studies, International 
Honors). We seek candidates who are excellent teachers with a promising 
record of publication and who are eager to contribute to departmental 
discussions about the future of literary studies in undergraduate education. 
Completed Ph.D. required by August 2012.

Pacific Lutheran University is a comprehensive university of 3500 students 
that offers a challenging curriculum integrating the liberal arts with 
professional programs. Located in the Puget Sound area of the Pacific 
Northwest, PLU is a globally focused university committed to building 
a diverse educational community. PLU enjoys a healthy and progressive 
relationship with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and advocates 
rigorous and free intellectual inquiry in a diverse university community. 
PLU is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
and 
especially welcomes applications from diverse populations. Please submit 
letter, C.V., and statement of teaching philosophy by November 15th online 
at http:// employment .plu .edu. Additional inquiries can be directed to 
English 
Chair, Rona Kaufman, at kaufman@ plu .edu. We will interview 
candidates at the MLA convention.



Saint Martin's U

English, 
5000 Abbey Way SE Lacey WA 98503

Assistant Professor of English 
15909

http:// www .stmartin .edu

Saint Martin’s University, a private Catholic, Benedictine university located 
in western Washington, invites applications for a full-time, tenure-
track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning August 2012. 
We are seeking an engaging 18th and 19th century Americanist, who is 
also a dedicated Composition professor. Teaching a 4/4 load with small 
classes, the ideal candidate will be an excellent classroom instructor, able 
to teach a broad range of courses in both American literature and Composition, 
and have an active scholarly agenda. Ph.D. required, as is a willingness 
to support the Catholic, Benedictine tradition of Saint Martin's.

Please send letter of interest, current c.v., graduate transcript(s), and 3 letters 
of reference to Laura Hoff, Executive Assistant to the Dean, College 
of Arts and Sciences, Saint Martin’s University, 5000 Abbey Way SE, 
Lacey, WA 98503. Electronic submissions in .pdf or Word format are also 
welcome to lhoff@ stmartin .edu. Ms. Hoff may be reached by telephone 
at (360) 438-4564. Guaranteed consideration will be given to applications 
received by November 21, 2011; the position will remain open until 
filled. Interviews are planned for the MLA Annual Convention. Questions 
and inquiries may be addressed to Professor Stephen X. Mead, Acting 
Chair, Department of English, 
by email (smead@ stmartin .edu) or 
telephone at (360) 438-4336.

U of Puget Sound

English, 
PO Box 1045 1500 N Warner Tacoma WA 98416

One-year Visiting Assistant Professor in Rhetoric/ Composition or 
Literacy Studies 16002

http:// www .pugetsound .edu/

The Department of English 
at the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, 
WA seeks applications for a non-tenure-line, one-year position in Rhetoric/ 
Composition or Literacy Studies beginning Fall 2012. Requirements 
include a Ph.D. in hand by August 2012, evidence of successful teaching, 
and an active research agenda.

The University of Puget Sound is a liberal arts college with a strong 
commitment to undergraduate teaching. The standard teaching load is 
three courses each semester (3/3). The successful candidate can expect to 
teach one composition/ expository writing course each semester and one 
advanced composition course in the year (both for non-majors), as well 
as some combination of upper-level courses within the English 
department's 
Writing, Rhetoric, and Culture emphasis (such as The Book and 
the Marketplace, The Rhetoric and Culture of the City, The History of 
Rhetorical Theory, or History of the English 
Language).

Please submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching 
philosophy, list of graduate courses taken and exam fields, and 
three letters of reference online at www .pugetsound .jobs/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=51486. The deadline for application materials is Nov 
10, 2010. Screening interviews will occur at MLA in Seattle in January 
2012. [R]

U of Puget Sound

For Langs & Lits, 1500 N Warner CMB 1073 Tacoma WA 98416

Assistant Professor of Hispanic/ Latino Studies 15623

http:// apptrkr .com/206926

Closing Date: 11/28/2011

Appointment Status

Full-time, tenure-track, beginning August 2012

Department

Foreign Languages and Literature

Responsibilities

The successful candidate must provide undergraduates with a solid foundation 
in the conceptual frameworks of U.S. Latino literature and culture, 
and s/he will be expected to take a leading role in a nascent Latino Studies 
Program. S/he also will teach Spanish language at all levels. Teaching 
load is 3 courses per semester. Other duties include continuation of professional 
development, advising students, and participation in departmental 
and university governance.

Qualifications

Candidates should demonstrate expertise in one or more of the following 
areas: theatre, poetry, performance studies, or film and media studies. S/
he must be fluent in Spanish and English 
and committed to undergraduate 
teaching in a liberal arts setting.

Candidates also should demonstrate solid teaching and research experience 
in Spanish and U.S. Latino Studies. Ph.D. in either Spanish or Latino 
Studies is required by time of appointment (ABD considered).

Application Deadline Information

Search and selection procedures will be closed when a sufficient number 
of qualified candidates have been identified. Interested individuals are 
encouraged to submit application materials no later than November 28, 
2011 to ensure consideration.

About Puget Sound

Puget Sound is a selective national liberal arts college in Tacoma, Washington, 
drawing 2,600 students from 48 states and 20 countries. Puget 
Sound graduates include Rhodes and Fulbright scholars, notables in the 
arts and culture, entrepreneurs and elected officials, and leaders in business 
and finance locally and throughout the world. A low student-faculty 
ratio provides Puget Sound students with personal attention from faculty 
who have a strong commitment to teaching and offer 1,200 courses each 
year in more than 40 traditional and interdisciplinary fields, including 
graduate programs in occupational and physical therapy and in education. 
Visit "About Puget Sound" (http:// www .pugetsound .edu/ about) to learn 
more about the college.

How to Apply

For complete job description and application instructions, visit: http:// 
apptrkr .com/206923

As a strategic goal and through our core values, University of Puget 
Sound is committed to an environment that welcomes and supports diversity. 
We seek diversity of identity, thought, perspective, and background 
in our students, faculty, and staff. EOE/AA

Washington SU

Lib Arts, 2710 Crimson Way Richland WA 99354

Assistant Professor of English 
or an Assistant Professor of Fine Arts 15886

http:// www .wsujobs .com

Assistant Professor of English 
or Fine Arts (with a Digital Media Emphasis), 
WSU Tri-Cities, Richland, WA (Tenure Track, FT, Permanent, 9 
Mo, 2–2 Load). Required: Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition or Related 
Field or an MFA with a Digital Media Emphasis by the start of contract, 
Demonstrated ability to teach at the college level, Interpersonal and communication 
skills sufficient to be able to work effectively with a diverse 
array of students and colleagues. Screening of application materials will 
begin November 01, 2011, and will continue until the position is filled. To 
apply, send letter of application, CV, three current letters of reference, two 
writing samples (one traditional and a link to one digital or artistic/ design 
based) to Joanne Baker, Clerical Manager, DTC Search Committee,via the 
online application system https:// www .wsujobs .com (Position # 113914). 
Only electronic application materials will be processed. EEO/AA/ADA



Whitworth U

English, 
300 W Hawthorne Rd Spokane WA 99251

Assistant Professor of English, 
Writing Center Director, Tenure Track 15651

http:// www .whitworth .edu

Ph. D. in English, 
concentration in Composition and Rhetoric. Desire 
1-year experience in writing center administration beginning fall 2012. 
7 course load (including course release), first-year writing, and upper-and 
lower-level writing/ rhetoric courses. Desired subspecialties: New Media, 
Gender Studies, or American Ethnic Studies. Load includes departmental 
duties, advising, faculty governance, and WAC. Salary competitive. 
Send cover letter, vita (including 3 references), undergraduate/ graduate 
transcripts (unofficial allowed), 2 recent sets of course evaluations, 2 recent 
syllabi, 3 recommendation letters, and a personal essay relating your 
Christian faith and teaching (see www .whitworth .edu/ facultyfaithessay) 
to: Human Resource Services, Chair, English 
Department Search, Whitworth 
University, 300 W. Hawthorne Rd., Spokane, WA 99251 or jobs@ 
whitworth .edu. Screening begins October 11, 2011 and continues until 
position is filled. Whitworth University does not discriminate in its educational 
programs on the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, national 
origin or physical disability. [R]

West Virginia

Marshall U

English, 
1 John Marshall Dr Huntington WV 25755

Assistant Professor of Contemporary American Literature 15798

Applications invited for a tenure-eligible assistant professorship in contemporary 
American literature. Teaching experience and evidence of focused 
scholarly agenda required as well as Ph.D. in English 
by time of 
appointment. Successful candidates will demonstrate a strong commitment 
to teaching, including the opportunity to develop courses for major 
and MA programs. Secondary areas of particular interest are English 
education 
(including young adult literature), U.S. ethnic literatures, and film. 
We also seek candidates who will contribute to the University’s general 
education curriculum with its emphasis on a common First-Year Seminar 
and core curriculum courses that enhance students’ critical thinking, as 
well as the College’s support of interdisciplinary programs. Send letter of 
application that directly addresses teaching philosophy, CV, 2–3 representative 
syllabi, three letters of recommendation (original copies or through 
a service), and scholarly writing sample (20 pages) to Jane Hill, Professor 
and Chair. Review of applications will begin on November 15 and continue 
until position is filled. Applicants selected to meet with us at MLA 
in Seattle will be notified by mid-December and asked to provide official 
transcripts before the convention. Marshall University is an AA/EOE institution 
committed to developing a diverse faculty and staff. For more 
information, email Jane Hill at hillj@ marshall .edu. [R]

West Virginia U

English, 
PO Box 6296 1503 University Av Morgantown WV 26506

Professional and Technical Writing 15624

http:// english 
.wvu .edu/

The Department of English 
at West Virginia University seeks one tenure-
track assistant professor in professional and technical writing, starting August, 
2012.

PROFESSIONAL AND TECHNICAL WRITING. The Department 
of English 
offers an undergraduate minor and concentration as well as an 
MA in Professional Writing & Editing. We are interested particularly in 
candidates who can enhance our focus on professional/ technical writing, 
editing, digital media, grant writing, and rhetorical theory. This candidate 
will also contribute to our graduate-level focus on rhetorical theory. 
The teaching load is 2–2 with teaching opportunities at the graduate and 
undergraduate levels. We require a doctoral degree in hand by August 15, 
2012; strong evidence of a research agenda; demonstrated teaching excellence; 
substantial experience teaching writing at the college level; and an 
ability to teach with technology.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. The Professional Writing & Editing 
(PWE) program is an integral part of the Center for Writing Excellence, 
which was established in 2001 within the Department of English 
to coordinate writing instruction, enhance faculty development, promote 
research related to writing, and emphasize community outreach. If 
we had to choose one word to characterize the work we do, it would be 
collaboration. As a result of our combined efforts, we have established a 
well-articulated writing program with 12 full-time Rhet/ Comp faculty 
members that serves over 7,000 students a year, with extensive professional 
development for our teachers, innovative curricula for our students at the 
undergraduate and Master’s level, computer-based classrooms for the majority 
of our writing courses, a strong core of research faculty to support 
doctoral studies, and a growing interdisciplinary network across campus.

West Virginia University (www .wvu .edu) is a land-grant institution and 
the state’s flagship research university. Teaching, research, and outreach 
are central to its mission. Approximately 29,000 students are enrolled on 
the Morgantown campus across 185 degree programs at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels.

WVU is located in Morgantown, West Virginia, within easy traveling 
distance of Washington, D.C. to the east, Pittsburgh to the north, Cleveland 
and Columbus to the west, and Charlotte to the south, making it an 
ideal place to live and work. Morgantown has been ranked as the Number 
One Small City in America by BizJounals and the 5th Best Small Metro 
Area by Forbes.

DEADLINE. We will begin reviewing applications October 29, 2011, 
and will accept applications until the position is filled. We will acknowledge 
all applications and plan to conduct interviews at the MLA Convention 
(Jan 5–8 in Seattle). West Virginia University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
and the recipient of an NSF ADVANCE 
award for gender equity. Especially encouraged to apply are candidates 
capable of contributing to the Department’s and the University’s 
goal of developing or enhancing our commitment to international, interdisciplinary, 
and/or multicultural studies.

APPLICATION. Please send a letter of application, c.v., and dossier (at 
least three letters of reference and graduate transcripts) to PWE Search 
Committee, Department of English, 
PO Box 6296, West Virginia University, 
Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. Additional materials may be 
requested later. For more information, please visit our website: www 
.english 
.wvu .edu. E-mail applications consisting of a single PDF file can 
be sent to Catherine .Gouge@ mail .wvu .edu

Nominations of outstanding potential candidates are welcome. [R]

West Virginia U

English, 
PO Box 6296 1503 University Av Morgantown WV 26506

Assistant Professor of Medieval, Early Modern, or 18th-Century 
British 
Literature 15618

http:// english 
.wvu .edu/

The Department of English 
at West Virginia University invites applications 
for three positions at the Assistant Professor level in pre-1800 British 
literature: (1) Shakespeare, (2) History of the Book, and (3) Poetry and 
Poetics. Applicants must have a PhD by August, 2012. The successful applicant 
must demonstrate theoretical and historical sophistication, an active 
research agenda as evidenced by conference papers and publications, 
and evidence of teaching ability at both the graduate and undergraduate 
levels. The teaching load for research-active graduate faculty is two 
courses per semester. The ability to teach the survey of British Literature 
to 1800 is required for all three positions, as is the ability to teach effectively 
upper-division courses in pre-1800 British literature. The successful 
applicant will have opportunities to teach a broad range of undergraduate 
courses and to develop graduate courses and seminars in her/ his field. The 
Department of English 
has a faculty of 41 in literature, creative writing, 
socio-linguistics, and composition and rhetoric, and we offer a full range 
of academic programs (B.A., M.A., M.A. in Professional Writing and 



Editing, M.F.A., and Ph.D.). WVU is a member of the Folger Consortium, 
and our department’s faculty benefit from significant ties with the 
Folger Institute. Our Center for Literary Computing offers opportunities 
and support for digital humanities projects. West Virginia University is 
designated a “research-high activity” university with more than 29,000 
students. The city of Morgantown, which is often ranked among the best 
small cities in the United States, is conveniently located within driving 
distance of Pittsburgh, Columbus, and Washington, D.C.

West Virginia University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
employer 
and the recipient of an NSF ADVANCE award for gender equity. 
Especially encouraged to apply are candidates capable of developing 
or enhancing our commitment to international, interdisciplinary, and/or 
multicultural studies.

The position begins August 16, 2012. Screening will begin November 1, 
continuing until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted at the 
MLA convention in Seattle. Alternative arrangements will be provided 
for candidates not attending the convention.

Submit your letter of application and CV to: Search Committee/ British 
Literature, Department of English, 
West Virginia University, Box 6296, 
Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. We will request full dossiers and writing 
samples from selected candidates through November, so please don’t send 
these materials at this time. Email applications consisting of a single PDF 
file can be sent to John Ernest: John .Ernest@ mail .wvu .edu [R]

Wisconsin

Ripon C

English, 
PO Box 248 300 Seward St Ripon WI 54971

Assistant Professor of English 
15730

http:// www .ripon .edu

Tenure-track assistant professorship, specialist in Modernist literature, 
Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. Position begins August, 2012.

The typical teaching expectation at Ripon College, a small liberal arts 
institution, is three courses per semester including freshman composition. 
Instructional opportunities may include major author courses, literary 
criticism, minority literature, and topic or period courses. Additionally, 
experience teaching and publishing creative writing (fiction/ creative 
nonfiction) is desirable. Successful candidates’ records will demonstrate 
effective teaching at the undergraduate level, as well as active and ongoing 
professional development.

Interested candidates should submit a letter of application addressing qualifications 
and teaching philosophy, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Professor Douglas A. Northrop, Chair, Department of English, 
Ripon College, P.O. Box 248, Ripon, WI 54971.

Review of credentials will begin November 1, 2011, and interviews will 
be conducted at MLA. Applications will be accepted until the position is 
filled. AA/EOE

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702

Two Assistant Professor Writing Positions 15806

http:// www .uwec .edu/ acadaff/ jobs/ faculty/ index .htm

The University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire seeks to hire two probationary, 
tenure-track positions in writing in the English 
department, or other 
appropriate 
department, at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning August 
20, 2012.

CENTER FOR WRITING EXCELLENCE DIRECTOR

Required Qualifications:

Earned doctorate in Rhetoric and Composition or related field. ABD 
candidates must complete all requirements for doctoral degree by August 
20, 2012. Evidence of excellence in teaching writing at the college 
level, in addition to strong scholarship or scholarly potential. Experience 
in writing center administration.

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF WRITING

Required Qualifications:

Earned doctorate in Rhetoric and Composition or related field. ABD 
candidates must complete all requirements for doctoral degree by August 
20, 2012. Evidence of excellence in teaching writing at the college 
level, in addition to strong scholarship or scholarly potential. Experience 
in at least one of the following: basic writing or digital media/21st century 
literacies and rhetorics.

Please see http:// www .uwec .edu/ acadaff/ jobs/ faculty/ index .htm for 
complete position descriptions and application procedures.

To ensure priority consideration, completed applications must be received 
via email by 11:59 pm on November 1, 2011. Screening will continue 
until position is filled. A criminal background check will be required 
prior to employment. UW-Eau Claire is an AA/EEO employer 
dedicated 
to enhancing diversity. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702

Assistant Professor of English 
Education 15731

http:// www .uwec .edu/ acadaff/ jobs/ faculty/ index .htm

Tenure-track position in English 
education; appointment begins August 
20, 2012. Required qualifications: Doctorate in English 
education or 
related field; ABD candidates must complete all requirements for doctoral 
degree by August 20, 2012. Evidence of exemplary teaching, including 
two years at the middle or secondary level. Evidence of strong scholarship 
or scholarly potential. Strong assets: Excellent teaching in college-
level English 
education methods courses and experience supervising field 
experiences; excellent teaching in composition at the college level; experience 
and training in teaching introductory linguistics; knowledge of 
instructional technology used in the 21st century classroom; leadership 
in English 
education including program administration; commitment to 
undergraduate liberal education and to the values of equity, diversity, inclusiveness, 
and anti-racism. Members of the English 
Department teach 
composition every semester, in addition to general and specialized courses 
at the undergraduate or graduate level; typical semester load is 3 courses 
(equivalent to 12 credits). To ensure priority consideration, send letter 
of application, including description of teaching philosophy; curriculum 
vita; writing sample (15–25 pages); graduate transcripts; and three letters 
of recommendation postmarked by October 21, 2011, to: Dr. Carmen 
Manning, Department Chair, ATTN: English 
Education Search. 
Preliminary interviews for this position will be held by video or phone 
conference. A criminal background check will be required prior to employment. 
UW-Eau Claire, a regional comprehensive university with an 
established reputation for academic excellence, is an AA/EEO employer 
dedicated to enhancing diversity. For a complete job description, visit 
http:// www .uwec .edu/ acadaff/ jobs/ faculty/ index .htm. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Platteville

Women's Studies, 1 University Plz, 446 Gardner Hall Platteville 
WI 53818

Assistant Professor of English 
15883

http:// www .uwplatt .edu

Technical/ Professional Writing 2011

ENGLISH: Tenure-track, full-time position beginning August 22, 
2012, with the rank of Assistant Professor. Area of specialization: Technical 
Writing/ Professional Writing. Subspecialty to enhance our Professional 
Writing program is desired. Ph.D. in English 
or related field is 
preferred (minimum ABD—PhD to be completed by August 22, 2013). 
At least one-year teaching experience at the college level, including the 
ability to teach composition, is required. Candidates should include a 
separate statement describing a history of working with or demonstrated 



commitment to addressing issues of race, gender, sexual orientation, 
disability, and/or other issues of historic marginalization. Teaching load 
is four undergraduate courses per semester, including multiple courses 
in writing. Send electronic application in the form of a .pdf file that 
includes a letter of application, which addresses all requirements of the 
position, and a curriculum vitae, which includes contact information 
for three references, to hadorn@ uwplatt .edu (Peter T. Hadorn, Chair, 
Professional Writing Search Committee, Department of Humanities, 
University of Wisconsin-Platteville, Platteville, WI). Applications must 
be received by November 17, 2011. The University of Wisconsin-Platteville 
is an EEO/AA Employer. 
Employment will require a criminal 
background check. The names of nominees and applicants who have not 
requested in writing that their identities be kept confidential, and of all 
finalists, will be released upon request. [R]

Viterbo U

English, 
900 Viterbo Dr La Crosse WI 54601

Tenure Track Position – English 
Department 15854

http:// www .viterbo .edu

The Viterbo University English 
Department seeks applications for a 
tenure-track position in creative writing with emphasis in poetry at the 
rank of assistant professor. Preference will be given to applicants who can 
also teach modern/ contemporary British literature. Appointment begins 
August 2012. The ideal candidate will have teaching experience at the 
college level and a Ph.D. in creative writing or literature with extensive 
course work at the masters or doctoral levels in creative writing and modern/ 
contemporary British literature. Teaching load is 4/4 including general 
education courses in composition, creative writing, and literature. In 
addition, the successful candidate will be expected to advise students, engage 
in scholarship, and participate in departmental activities and in the 
university community. Please send your application to Dr. Glena Temple, 
Dean, School of Letters and Science, Viterbo University, 900 Viterbo 
Drive, La Crosse, WI 54601 (or ggtemple@ viterbo .edu). Your application 
should include a letter indicating interest and qualifications, completed 
employment application form (http:// www .viterbo .edu/hr.aspx?id=1196), 
curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, statement of scholarly 
interests, copies of undergraduate and graduate transcripts, creative 
writing samples, and three letters of reference. Review begins November 
1, 2011. Located in southwest Wisconsin in the scenic upper Mississippi 
River valley, Viterbo University is a Catholic, Franciscan, liberal arts 
institution with an undergraduate enrollment of approximately 2200 students. 
Viterbo University is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages 
nominations and candidacy of historically underrepresented groups. 
For more information, please visit www .viterbo .edu/hr.aspx?id=7740

Canadian Institutions

Ryerson U

English, 
350 Victoria St Toronto ON M5B 2K3 Canada

Assistant Professor of English, 
Restoration and/or 18th Century 15793

http:// www .ryerson .ca/english


The Department of English, 
Ryerson University invites applications for 
a position in Restoration/18th-Century 
effective August 1 2012, subject 
to final budgetary approval. Required qualifications include an earned 
PhD and demonstration of a strong research record in Restoration and/or 
18th-Century 
literatures and cultures (especially 1660–1760) and relevant 
teaching experience.

Applicants should submit a letter describing their areas of research and 
teaching interests, a curriculum vitae, three confidential letters of reference, 
a sample of their research, and evidence of teaching effectiveness 
to: Dr. Dennis Denisoff, Chair, Department of English, 
Ryerson University, 
350 Victoria Street, Toronto, ON, M5B 2K3, Canada. Review of 
applications will begin December 1, 2011. Confidential inquiries can be 
directed to the Chair (denisoff@ ryerson.ca). Applications by fax or e-mail 
will not be accepted.

Ryerson University is strongly committed to fostering diversity within 
our community. We welcome those who would contribute to the further 
diversification of our faculty and its scholarship including, but not limited 
to, women, visible minorities, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities, 
and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply but applications from Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. [R]

Ryerson U

English, 
350 Victoria St Toronto ON M5B 2K3 Canada

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing 15792

http:// www .ryerson .ca/english


The Department of English, 
Ryerson University invites applications for a 
position in Creative Writing effective August 1 2012, subject to final budgetary 
approval. Required qualifications include an earned MFA or PhD, 
and/or established national/ international reputation based on a strong 
publication record. Demonstrated ability to teach in a secondary area of 
literature is required. Demonstrated experience with innovative pedagogy 
in creative writing is desired. The English 
Department is currently 
exploring new ways of enhancing Creative Writing's presence at Ryerson, 
and the successful applicant is expected to contribute to this endeavour.

Applicants should submit a letter describing their areas of research and 
teaching interests, a curriculum vitae, three confidential letters of reference, 
a sample of their creative writing or related research, and evidence 
of teaching effectiveness to: Dr. Dennis Denisoff, Chair, Department of 
English, 
Ryerson University, 350 Victoria Street, Toronto, ON, M5B 
2K3, Canada. Review of applications will begin December 1, 2011. Confidential 
inquiries can be directed to the Chair (denisoff@ ryerson.ca). Applications 
by fax or e-mail will not be accepted.

Ryerson University is strongly committed to fostering diversity within 
our community. We welcome those who would contribute to the further 
diversification of our faculty and its scholarship including, but not limited 
to, women, visible minorities, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities, 
and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply but applications from Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. [R]

Saint Francis Xavier U

English, 
PO Box 5000 2329 Notre Dame Av Antigonish NS B2G 2W5 
Canada

19th-century 
British and/or American literature 15678

http:// www .stfx .ca

The English 
Department at St. Francis Xavier University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position, at the rank of Assistant Professor, in 
19th-century 
British and/or American literature. We are particularly interested 
in candidates whose expertise spans the nineteenth century. A 
secondary expertise in one or more of the following fields is desirable: 
gender studies, American literature before 1800, and film studies. Ours is 
a dynamic department that values teaching and research and that is proposing 
a new curriculum designed to facilitate innovative approaches to 
the teaching of literature. The appointment begins July 1, 2012. A completed 
PhD by the time of appointment is strongly preferred.

Applications, including a curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing sample 
(25 pp. maximum), a teaching dossier (sample syllabi, a statement of 
teaching philosophy, and teaching evaluations), and letters from three 
academic referees should be addressed to: Dr. Paul A. Marquis (Chair), 
Department of English, 
St. Francis Xavier University. Electronic submissions 
encouraged (stfx .english 
.search@ gmail .com). Regular mail: P.O. 
Box 5000, Antigonish, NS B2G 2W5. Consideration of applications will 
begin on October 24, 2011 and continue until the position is filled.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and permanent residents will be given priority. St. Francis Xavier 



University is committed to employment equity, and to recruiting a diverse 
faculty and staff. This position is subject to final budgetary approval [R]

U of British Columbia

First Nations Studies Program, 1866 Main Mall Buchanan C352 
Vancouver BC V6T CA

Tenure-Stream Professorial Position in Indigenous Studies/ First Nations 
Studies 15770

http:// fnsp .arts .ubc .ca/jobs .html

The First Nations Studies Program at the University of British Columbia 
invites applications for a tenure-stream professorial position in the First 
Nations Studies Program. Appointment at an advanced rank will be considered, 
and candidates with administrative experience are strongly encouraged 
to apply. Successful candidates may also be considered for a Tier 
II Canada Research Chair and a leadership role in the program. Applicants 
should have a Ph.D. in Indigenous studies or a related Arts Faculty 
discipline at the time of appointment, and have a record of or clear potential 
for excellent research, teaching, graduate student supervision, and 
publication, as well as a documented ability to work with Aboriginal students 
and communities.

Full posting including information on how to apply can be found at 
http:// fnsp .arts .ubc .ca/jobs.

Contact information:

Linc Kesler, Chair-UBC First Nations Studies Program

1866 Main Mall, Buchanan E266, Vancouver BC Canada V6T 1Z1

linc .kesler@ ubc .ca

U of Toronto Scarborough

English, 
1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada

Assistant Professor of English 
15974

http:// www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty .htm

The Department of English, 
University of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC), 
invites applications for a one-year Contractually Limited Term Appointment 
(CLTA) at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning July 1, 2012 
and ending June 30, 2013. Candidates should have a PhD in English 
and a 
strong research background in British Eighteenth-Century 
and Romantic 
Literature. The successful applicant will be expected to teach five undergraduate 
courses per year (2/3 load), to pursue an active research program, 
and to contribute service to the Department of English 
at UTSC. Applicants 
must demonstrate excellence in both research and teaching. Salary 
will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

Candidates should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and one 
writing sample online at http:// www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty .htm (Job 
Number 1101014). We encourage applicants to combine PDF or MS Word 
documents in one or two files. Candidates should arrange to have three 
letters of reference sent by email to romantic-engsearch@ utsc .utoronto .ca 
or by post to

Professor Christine Bolus-Reichert, Chair

Department of English


University of Toronto Scarborough

1265 Military Trail

Toronto, ON M1C 1A4

Canada

The deadline for applications is January 30, 2012.

UTSC has an interdisciplinary commitment, and a multicultural student 
body speaking a wide range of languages. The University of Toronto offers 
the opportunity to teach, conduct research, and live in one of the 
most diverse cities in the world.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from members of visible 
minority groups, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given priority. [R]

U of Toronto Scarborough

English, 
1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada

Assistant Professor of English 
15972

http:// www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty .htm

The Department of English 
at the University of Toronto Scarborough 
(UTSC) invites applications for a three-year Contractually Limited Term 
Appointment (CLTA) at the rank of Assistant Professor, beginning July 1, 
2012 and ending June 30, 2015. Candidates should have a PhD in English 
and a strong research background in Postcolonial Literature and Film. The 
successful applicant will be expected to teach courses in both literature and 
film (five undergraduate courses per year, a 2/3 load), to pursue an active 
research program, and to contribute service to the Department of English 
at UTSC. Applicants must demonstrate excellence in both research and 
teaching. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

Candidates should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and 
one writing sample online at http:// www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty .htm 
(Job Number 1101012). We encourage applicants to combine PDF or MS 
Word documents in one or two files. Candidates should arrange to have 
three letters of reference sent by email to postcolonial-engsearch@ utsc 
.utoronto.ca or by post to

Professor Christine Bolus-Reichert, Chair

Department of English


University of Toronto Scarborough

1265 Military Trail

Toronto, ON M1C 1A4

Canada

The deadline for applications is January 30, 2012.

UTSC has an interdisciplinary commitment, and a multicultural student 
body speaking a wide range of languages. The University of Toronto offers 
the opportunity to teach, conduct research, and live in one of the 
most diverse cities in the world.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from members of visible 
minority groups, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given priority. [R]

Overseas Institutions

Bilkent U

Program in Cultures, Civilizations, and Ideas, G Bldng. Room 224 
Ankara 06800 TR

OPEN RANK: Full-time Faculty Renewable starting September 2012 15868

http:// www .bilkent .edu.tr/~cci/

We invite applications for multiple openings in the Program in Cultures, 
Civilizations and Ideas. Active research agendas required; Experience 
teaching “Great Books”/core curriculum humanities courses 
strongly preferred. The successful candidate will have a Ph.D. in a humanities 
or relevant social science discipline, including but not limited 
to English, 
Comparative Literature, Classics, Philosophy, or Art History. 
Ph.D. must be complete by September 2012. Rank determined by 
qualifications and experience. Successful candidates will maintain active 
research profiles and teach a variety of humanities courses. Bilkent encourages 
faculty engagement with current research by providing travel 
grants to international conferences. In addition to a competitive salary 



and benefits package, Bilkent provides furnished rent-free apartments 
for faculty and their families. Couples are particularly encouraged to 
apply.

Bilkent University (http:// www .bilkent .edu.tr), located in Ankara, is 
Turkey’s oldest private non-profit university. Bilkent draws its faculty 
from over 40 countries; all courses are conducted in English. 
For more 
information about the Program in Cultures, Civilizations and Ideas please 
see http:// www .bilkent .edu.tr/~cci/. Applicants should send letters of 
interest, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Margaret France, Hiring Committee Chair, Program in Cultures, Civilizations 
and Ideas, Bilkent University, 06800 Bilkent, Ankara TURKEY. 
Full consideration will be given to applications posted by November 25th. 
Interviews at MLA, with possibility of teleconferencing via Bilkent’s Distance 
Learning Office in New York City or via Skype. Send further queries 
regarding this position to Dr. France at mfrance@ bilkent.ed.tr.

Franklin College Switzerland

Via Ponte Tresa 29 Sorengo 6924 Switzerland

Assistant Professor of Literature 15867

http:// www.fc.edu

Franklin College Switzerland invites applications for the position of Assistant 
Professor of Literature with a strong interest in comparative or transnational 
approaches to literary and cultural studies. The position is full-time 
with a clear promotion ladder beginning in fall 2012, pending funding.

The successful candidate will have a Ph.D., a track-record of outstanding 
scholarship and teaching, and is expected to teach undergraduate courses, 
lead academic travel, and maintain an active research agenda. S/he will 
help shape a dynamic, multilingual Department of Literature and Culture 
and complement our research and course offerings in topics such as travel 
and migration, gender and sexuality, and law and culture. We are looking 
not so much for a particular period or national literature as for genuine 
engagement with the interplay of literary and cultural representations 
across national, linguistic, historic and genre borders.

Conference call interviews, followed by on-campus interviews for finalists. 
Preference will be given to candidates with European experience. 
Please submit a letter of application, a cv, and a one-page course proposal 
to litsearch@ fc .edu by November 15, 2011. Please direct questions to Professor 
Caroline Wiedmer, search committee chair, at cwiedmer@ fc .edu.

Franklin College Switzerland is a small, international, private liberal arts 
college located in Lugano, accredited in both the US and Switzerland 
(www.fc.edu). Franklin College Switzerland is an Equal Opportunity Employer.


Nanyang Technological U

School of Humanities & Social Sciences, 14 Nanyang Drive Singapore 
637332 SG

Faculty Position in Writing and Communication 15612

http:// lcc .hss .ntu .edu.sg/AboutLCC/ Pages/ AboutLCC .aspx

School of Humanities and Social Sciences

Nanyang Technological University, Singapore

The School of Humanities and Social Sciences (HSS) at Nanyang Technological 
University, Singapore, invites qualified academics to apply for a 
faculty position as either Professor or Associate Professor in Writing and 
Communication. The successful candidate will also hold a concurrent appointment 
as Director of the Language and Communication Centre.

The successful candidate should possess an outstanding record of teaching 
and research, a strong international profile, as well as proven academic leadership 
and appropriate administrative experience. The appointee is also expected 
to play a leadership role in faculty and curriculum development, and 
in the promotion of research in the field of writing and communication.

For further information about the Language and Communication Centre, 
please visit: http:// lcc .hss .ntu .edu.sg/AboutLCC/ Pages/ AboutLCC .aspx

To apply, please refer to the Guidelines for submitting an Application for 
Faculty Appointment (http:// www .ntu .edu.sg/ohr/ Career/ SubmitApplications/ 
Pages/ Faculty .aspx) and send your application package [consisting 
of cover letter, Personal Particulars Form, curriculum vitae (including 
records of competitive grants and graduate supervision, if any), teaching 
statement, research statement, writing samples, and the names and contact 
details of at least three referees] to:

Attn: Chair, Search Committee (Writing and Communication)

Human Resources

School of Humanities and Social Sciences

Nanyang Technological University

14 Nanyang Drive, Singapore 637332

Email: ad-hass-research@ ntu .edu.sg

Applications sent via email should include a reference to “Writing and 
Communication” in the subject line and enquiries about the position can 
be addressed to the above email.

Closing date for applications: 30 November 2011.

Singapore U of Technology & Design

287 Ghim Moh Road #04–00 Singapore 279623

Faculty Positions – Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences 15772

http:// www .sutd .edu.sg

The Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) now invites 
suitable candidates to teach our Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences 
programmes. Candidates should possess PhD’s in History, Literature, Sociology, 
Philosophy, Political Science, Psychology and Economics, and a 
broad educational and interdisciplinary background. As part of the university’s 
integrated multi-disciplinary curriculum, the faculty of Humanities, 
Arts and Social Sciences will lead our students in understanding 
where society is going, and the role that technology and design play in 
impacting the future.

Successful candidates will be placed on a tenure track and is expected to 
collaborate with Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in developing 
a curriculum for SUTD, as well as to take up residence in Singapore. 
An internationally competitive remuneration and relocation assistance 
will be offered. If you would like to be part of our illustrious team of academic 
staff, please send letter of application to SUTD at www .sutd .edu.sg.

Postdoctoral Listings

California Inst of Tech

Humanities, 1200 E California Blvd H&SS 228–77 Pasadena CA 91125

Postdoctoral Instructor in English 
15713

http:// www .hss .caltech .edu/ jobs/ engpdi

The Division of the Humanities and Social Sciences at the California 
Institute of Technology (Caltech) and the Research Division of the 
Huntington Library invite applications for a Two-Year Postdoctoral Instructorship 
beginning Fall 2012. Area of specialization: early American 
literature and print culture, or transatlantic (British and American) long 
eighteenth-century 
literature and print culture. We are particularly interested 
in candidates working on issues related to religion. The teaching 
load is three ten-week undergraduate courses per year (quarter system). 
The position is contingent upon completion of Ph.D.

Interested candidates should submit a letter of application, vita, dossier 
with at least three letters of recommendation, thesis abstract, and writing 
sample by email to: englishpdi@ 
hss .caltech .edu or by mail to: English 
Postdoctoral Instructor Search, Division of the Humanities and Social 
Sciences, MC 101–40, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena CA 
91125. Application deadline is November 30, 2011.

Caltech is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women, 
minorities, veterans, and disabled persons are encouraged to apply.



Carnegie Mellon U

Modern Languages, Baker Hall 160 Pittsburgh PA 15213

A.W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities 15628

http:// www .hss .cmu .edu/

Carnegie Mellon University, with the generous support of the Andrew 
W. Mellon Foundation, is pleased to accept applications for two A.W. 
Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities for the 2012–2014 
academic years. These fellowships are designed to foster the academic careers 
of scholars who have recently received their Ph.D. degrees by permitting 
them to pursue their research while gaining mentored experience 
as teachers and members of one of Carnegie Mellon’s four humanities 
departments (English, 
History, Modern Languages, and Philosophy) in 
which they will be housed.

The Department of English 
is interested in candidates whose research is in 
Transnational American Studies or American Culture in Transnational perspective. 
Specific research interests might include film and media, literature, 
performance studies, global studies, cultural theory or discourse analysis.

The Department of Modern Languages is particularly interested in candidates 
whose research focuses on an area of Second Language Acquisition 
(e.g. literacy development, social or cognitive dimensions of second language 
learning, contexts of second language learning, cultural dimensions 
of language acquisition, technology-enhanced learning, language assessment) 
and has native or near-native proficiency in one or more of the 
areas of language and cultural studies offered in the Department (Arabic, 
Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Russian, Spanish).

Terms of appointment

Fellows will teach two courses in their home department(s) in each year 
of their residency. They will have the opportunity to teach in their existing 
areas of expertise to prepare themselves for a competitive academic 
job market. Fellows will be encouraged to take part in the many cross-
departmental colloquia, conferences, or seminars though the university’s 
Humanities Center, the Center for the Arts in Society, and the undergraduate 
Humanities Scholars Program.

A 2012–2014 Fellow will receive an annual stipend of $50,000 plus benefits, 
an annual research allowance of $2,500, and, for the first year of the 
appointment, three summer months salary.

Application and selection process

Applicants for the 2012–2014 fellowships must have completed a Ph.D. no 
earlier than January 1, 2010. Candidates who do not yet hold a Ph.D. but 
expect to by June 30, 2012 should supply a letter from their home institution 
corroborating such a schedule.

Applications for the 2012–2014 fellowships must be received in the Administrator's 
office by November 15, 2011. Incomplete dossiers will not 
be reviewed. Candidates should submit a cover letter, CV, personal statement 
(of no longer than 2000 words) outlining their complete research 
(including dissertation), work in progress, professional goals and plans for 
publication, proposed major field(s) of teaching, and the Carnegie Mellon 
department in which you would want to be based, and three letters of 
reference. (Note: reference letters may be sent with the candidate’s application 
materials in sealed signed envelopes or directly by the referees.)

Fellowship applications and departmental requests to house a fellow will 
be evaluated by Carnegie Mellon’s Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship Advisory 
Committee, in consultation with the Dean and Associate Dean of 
the Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences. 
Strong fellowship applications will be circulated to relevant departments.

Should you have questions, please direct them to hssdean@ andrew .cmu 
.edu.

All application materials and other correspondence should be addressed to:

Administrator, A.W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships

Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences

Office of the Dean

Carnegie Mellon University

Baker Hall 154

5000 Forbes Avenue

Pittsburgh, PA 15213

Dartmouth C

Neukom Institute for Computational Science, Sudikoff 121, HB 6255 
Hanover NH 03755

Dartmouth College-Neukom Fellows 15729

http:// www .dartmouth .edu/ ~neukom

Call for Applications, Neukom Fellows at Dartmouth College

The Neukom Institute for Computational Science is pleased to announce 
the inaugural Neukom Fellows competition. Neukom Fellows are designed 
as explicitly interdisciplinary positions for recent Ph.D.s whose 
research interests cuts across traditional disciplinary boundaries, but has 
some computational component, whether it be a framing concept for intellectual 
exploration or an explicit component of the work that is pursued. 
The successful candidate should be interested in and, in the best 
case have a history of collaborative work across disciplines, but still show 
good evidence of independence and initiative. The Fellowships are two-to 
three-year appointments, with the third year extension considered upon 
request after a review early in the second year. Neukom Fellows will be 
mentored by faculty in two departments at Dartmouth College, take up 
residence in one department, and will teach one seminar course each year 
on a subject of their interest. There is a possibility of additional teaching if 
that is desirable on the part of the candidate. Beyond that there are no additional 
duties. Neukom Fellow stipends are $60,000 for 2012–2013. Some 
additional funds are available for equipment, travel, and research materials.

Requirements:

1. Ph.D. in any discipline (or expected Ph.D. by September 2012). 2. 
Research interests that strongly intersect the theme of computation. 3. 
A proven ability to work independently and collaboratively 4. A demonstrated 
interest in multidisciplinary research. 5. Evidence of the ability to 
think outside traditional paradigms.

Application Materials:

Interested candidates must submit the following:

1. Curriculum vitae (including publications list).
2. Statement of research interests (max. 2 pages) including a short description 
of the research you would like to pursue and why.
3. Description of which departments (and even better, which Dartmouth 
faculty) you would be interested in working with and why the opportunity 
to engage with multiple departments would enhance your work. 
4. Three referees who can write on your behalf to the aims of the Fellowship. 
5. (Optional) A copy of one paper you have written in English, 
either published or unpublished.

Applications must be submitted to: www .mathjobs .org Position ID: NeukomInstitute-
FELLOWS #3015

Completed applications received by December 1, 2011 will get first 
consideration. Materials received after that date may not be considered. 
Applications from women and minorities are encouraged. Dartmouth 
College is an equal opportunity employer.


For more information: http:// www .dartmouth .edu/ ~neukom/ programs/ 
postdoc-fellows .html [R]

Johns Hopkins U

Krieger School of Arts & Sciences, 3400 N. Charles St., 225 Mergenthaler 
3400 N. Charles 237 Mergenthaler Hall Baltimore MD 21218

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship 15914

http:// krieger .jhu .edu/ research/ mellon/ index .html

The Krieger School of Arts and Sciences is currently accepting applications 
for the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 
for three fellows, who will be appointed to a one-year term beginning 
July 1, 2012.



Each fellowship carries a departmental affiliation and the responsibility of 
teaching one course per semester. The initial stipend is $53,218 with an 
additional $1,000 available for research and travel expenses. Health insurance 
and a one-time moving allowance of $1,500 are also provided. Appointments 
are for one year, renewable for a second year.

Humanities departments and an interdisciplinary committee of Krieger 
school faculty members will review applications and select fellows for 
2012–2013. Fellows will be selected based primarily on applicants’ scholarship 
and promise, as well as their abilities to fill research and teaching 
needs within the university’s humanities departments.

Applications will not be accepted after Thursday, November 3, 2011.

Kenyon C

Office of the Associate Provost, Edelstein House Gambier OH 43028

Marilyn Yarbrough Dissertation/ Teaching Fellowship 15673

http:// www .kenyon .edu

Kenyon College announces a competition for the Marilyn Yarbrough 
Dissertation/ Teaching Fellowship. This fellowship is designed to increase 
the presence of members of underrepresented groups (e.g., ethnic minorities; 
women in fields that attract mostly men, or men in fields that attract 
mostly women; and persons who are first-generation college attendees) as 
faculty in the liberal arts environment. Those eligible to apply include individuals 
who are enrolled in a research-based Ph.D. program; who aspire 
to a teaching and research career; and who have not yet earned a doctoral 
degree at any time and in any field.

Kenyon College, located on an idyllic campus in the beautiful village of 
Gambier (50 miles NE of Columbus), enrolls approximately 1650 students 
and is ranked in the top tier of national liberal arts colleges. Kenyon prides 
itself on its reputation as an excellent teaching environment enriched by 
small classes, close contact with highly motivated and engaged students 
and an excellent faculty of dedicated teacher scholars.

For more specific information regarding this fellowship and for application 
instructions please visit: http:// www .kenyon .edu/x58530.xml. To 
learn more about Kenyon, visit: www .kenyon .edu.

Review of applications will begin December 15, 2011 and continue until 
the position is filled.

Kenyon College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
It is the College's 
policy to evaluate qualified applicants without regard to age, ancestry, disability, 
national or ethnic origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, 
marital status, political belief or activity, or status asa veteran. Kenyon 
welcomes diversity and encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R]

Princeton U

Prog in Law and Public Affairs, Robertson Hall 416A Princeton NJ 08544

2012–2013 LAPA Fellowships 15831

http:// lapa .princeton .edu/ fellowships .php

PRINCETON UNIVERSITY’S PROGRAM IN LAW AND PUBLIC 
AFFAIRS (LAPA) invites outstanding faculty, independent scholars, lawyers, 
and judges to apply for appointments as resident Fellows for the academic 
year 2012–2013. We anticipate naming up to five Fellows who are 
engaged in substantial research on topics broadly related to law and public 
affairs or law and normative inquiry, including one Microsoft/ LAPA 
Fellow specializing in intellectual property or the legal regulation of the 
economy. Successful candidates will devote an academic year in residence 
at Princeton to research, discussion, and scholarly collaboration. Applicants 
must have a doctorate, JD or an equivalent professional postgraduate 
degree.

Further information can be found at http:// lapa .princeton .edu/ 
fellowships .php.

The application deadline is 5:00 PM (EST) MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 
2011

For more information and to apply online, visit the LAPA website at 
http:// lapa .princeton .edu/ howtoapply .php.

Princeton University is an equal opportunity employer 
and complies with 
applicable EEO and affirmative action regulations.

LAPA is co-sponsored by the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International 
Affairs, the University Center for Human Values, and Princeton 
University

Princeton U

University Center for Human Values, 310 Marx Hall Princeton NJ 08544

Laurance S. Rockefeller Visiting Faculty Fellowships 15656

http:// uchv .princeton .edu/

The Princeton University Center for Human Values invites applications 
from scholars in all disciplines for Laurance S. Rockefeller Visiting Faculty 
Fellowships for the academic year 2012–13. Fellows devote an academic 
year in residence at Princeton to research and writing about topics 
involving ethics and human values. Candidates should have a doctorate or 
equivalent professional degree and a strong record of research publications 
appropriate to their stage of career. Typically fellows hold faculty appointments 
at other institutions; in exceptional cases we will consider applications 
from independent scholars when there is a high level of scholarly 
achievement.

Fellows normally receive stipends of up to one-half their academic year 
salaries (not exceeding a maximum stipend set each fall) for the fellowship 
period, which extends from September 1 to July 1. Ordinarily their 
home institutions also provide a portion of their salaries in addition to 
all benefits, although this is not a requirement for the fellowship. Adjustments 
may be made in the cases of faculty members at non-U.S. institutions 
where salary scales are significantly lower than in the U.S. Stipends 
for independent scholars will not exceed the maximum for fellows holding 
appointments elsewhere.

For fellowships beginning in September 2012, applicants must submit 
their materials by Monday, November 7, 2011, to http:// jobs .princeton 
.edu, requisition #0110371. For more information about the fellowship 
and full application details, please visit http:// uchv .princeton .edu. Princeton 
University is an equal opportunity employer 
and complies with applicable 
EEO and affirmative action regulations.

U of Dayton

English, 
300 College Park Dayton OH 45469

Post-Graduate Fellowship in Creative Writing 15945

http:// udayton .edu/ artssciences/ english/


Herbert W. Martin Post-Graduate Fellowship in Creative Writing

One-year appointment with renewal for a second year dependent upon 
effective performance. Established in honor of the University of Dayton 
English 
Department’s longest serving poet and first African-American 
faculty member, the Herbert W. Martin Fellowship is designed to 
advance inclusive excellence and creative writing in the University and 
community. We invite applications from creative writers who demonstrate 
sustained personal engagement with communities that are underrepresented 
in the academy and who bring this asset to their teaching and 
scholarship. The fellow is expected to play an important role in the life of 
the Department during the term of appointment, and to contribute to our 
efforts to advance diversity and the arts. Responsibilities: teach 2 courses 
per semester, including creative writing courses at the undergraduate and 
graduate levels, one course in a non-dominant or non-Western literature, 
and possibly one course in first-year composition; give a public reading 
on campus; and contribute to the Department’s biennial LitFest celebration. 
Required qualifications: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing within 
the past 3 years; record of national and regional publication in at least one 
creative genre; ability to teach courses in at least two creative genres; and 
ability to teach one or more courses in non-dominant or non-Western 
literatures. Preferred qualifications: experience teaching creative writing 
at the undergraduate and/or graduate level; experience in community en



gagement; demonstrated commitment to advancing inclusive excellence 
in academic or community contexts; and interest and skills in writing for 
new media.

The University of Dayton, founded in 1850 by the Society of Mary, is a 
top ten Catholic research university. The University seeks outstanding, 
diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment 
to academic excellence in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development 
of the whole person, and leadership and service in the local 
and global community. For Department information, visit http:// www 
.udayton .edu/ artssciences/ english/. 
Apply online at http:// jobs .udayton 
.edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=52551, with a letter of application, a 
one-page statement of teaching philosophy, and C.V., by Nov. 14, 2011.

To attain its Catholic and Marianist mission, the University is committed 
to the principles of diversity, inclusion and affirmative action and to 
equal opportunity policies and practices. We act affirmatively to recruit 
and hire women, traditionally under-represented minority groups, people 
with disabilities and veterans. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Madison

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship Program, 432 East Campus Mall, rm. 
309 301 South Hall-1055 Bascom Mall Madison WI 53706

A.W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 15653

http:// humanities .wisc .edu/ programs/ mellon-postdocs/ about.ht

The University of Wisconsin-Madison Mellon Postdoctoral Program invites 
recent PhDs to apply for its three two-year postdoctoral fellowships. 
The theme for 2012–14 applicants is “Media: Cuneiform to Digital and 
Beyond.”

From discourse networks to print culture; from semiotics to graphic systems; 
from codex to video; from radio to radiography; and from data mining 
to the culture industry, the interdisciplinary humanities have produced 
a wide range of theories and histories of media. We invite applications 
for excellent, cutting-edge work focused on any media (verbal, visual, audial, 
kinetic); on any forms (oral, print, performance, digital); and on any 
media systems (local, global, private, mass market). We encourage both a 
long and broad view of media studies and welcome applications from researchers 
across the humanities and humanistic social sciences whose work 
reflects upon or has significant implications for ancient to contemporary 
conceptions of media and mediation in any region(s) of the world. We 
seek work that challenges disciplinary or methodological boundaries.

The stipend for this fellowship is $55,167 per academic year, plus additional 
monies for research, travel, and technology. Fellows will be affiliated 
with a department in the College of Letters & Science, as well as the 
Institute for Research in the Humanities and the Center for the Humanities. 
They will also teach one undergraduate course per semester.

See the website for additional information and application guidelines. Application 
materials are due no later than November 14, 2011.

Questions: Mellon Postdoctoral Fellows Coordinator, fellows@ humanities 
.wisc .edu.



