assistant or associate professor in writing and rhetoric, tenure track, beginning august 1, 2013. ph.d. in rhetoric  and composition or related writing field. teaching responsibilities include first year writing and advanced  writing and rhetoric courses in millikin university's nationally recognized, integrated writing program, with opportunities  to develop course offerings in the candidate's area of expertise. the successful candidate will, after establishing  a strong record of teaching excellence, assume the role of first year writing coordinator in 3 or 4 years,  with a course release each semester. millikin expects faculty members to excel at teaching, develop a program of  ongoing scholarship, and contribute to departmental, college, and university service. millikin values the autonomy  and creativity of faculty and provides opportunities to collaborate with students in research. required: ph.d. by  august 1 and record of teaching excellence. NA program. the learning threads of writing, reflection, and ethical reasoning run through the sequential university  studies courses: freshman writing, us studies, and global studies. the first year writing courses introduce writing  and reflection to this common learning experience. millikin university (founded in 1901) is a selective, independent, comprehensive institution, located on a beautiful  75 acre residential campus. ranked the no. 8 regional college in the midwest by us news & world report,   NA and/or schools. students come to millikin from 33 states and 13 countries and about 22 percent of students self  identify as historically under represented. the average first year student in the fall 2012 class had an act score of  23 and forty percent of the class ranked in the top 25 percent of their high school graduating class. millikin sponsors  19 division iii athletic programs and is a member of the college conference of illinois and wisconsin. with  an emphasis on excellent teaching, millikin prepares students through a unique process called performance learning.  as a result, millikin students thrive, building the confidence to succeed before and after graduation. guided by  its mission, millikin prepares students for professional success, democratic citizenship in a global environment, and  a life of meaning and value. millikin is poised to attract and meet the needs of students (including many first generation college students) who  aspire to achieve, to further develop its international recruitment efforts, and continue its ascent toward becoming  NA information about the millikin university department of english  is available at   address your application letters to dr. stephen frech, chair of the english  department, and submit all materials by  e mail to cindie zelhart at czelhart@ millikin .edu...................................................................... please attach a vita, letter that addresses experience and philosophy  of teaching, three letters of reference and graduate transcripts. review of applications will begin january 15,  2013 and continue until the position is filled. offer of employment is contingent upon successful completion of  background check and pending budgetary approval. millikin university is an equal opportunity employer.  [r] monmouth c english, 