the position: full time, tenure track position in composition, humanities and human sciences department: the department of humanities and human sciences invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor,  beginning fall 2013. the appointment will primarily entail teaching first year composition classes. there may be  opportunities to offer coursework in technical writing, advanced argumentative or expository writing, or public  speaking. the ideal candidate would be prepared to provide vision and leadership for the writing program as the  NA in the humanities and human sciences department. rank and salary will be commensurate with experience. requirements: a ph.d. with a focus in composition is required for this appointment. degree must be in hand before a contract  will be issued. the best candidate will also have a record of successful teaching at the undergraduate level and an  established research agenda. desirable qualifications include experience with placement, developmental writing,  and/or curriculum development. since the hhs department anticipates changes in the university general education  curriculum and in the writing program, flexibility plus understanding of different models for teaching composition  will be important.  about the university: point park university is an independent, coed institution located in downtown pittsburgh  with an enrollment of approximately 4,000 full and part time students in more than 50 majors and concentrations.  to learn more about point park university, visit its web page at   application procedure: please submit a letter of application detailing your interest, qualifications, and research focus; a cv; a statement of  teaching philosophy; a writing sample not to exceed 30 pages; and a list of three professional references with contact  information to: the office of the dean, school of school of arts and sciences at artsandsciences@ pointpark  .edu.................................................................................................................. please note that the subject line must state the position for which you are applying. applications must be received  by 12/1/2012. point park university is an equal opportunity employer. u of pennsylvania english,  127 fisher bennett hall 3340 walnut st philadelphia pa 19104