 the english  department at new york city college of technology (city tech), a comprehensive college of the  city university of new york, invites applications for tenure track positions. city tech is the designated college of  NA of arts and sciences, technology and design, and professional studies. located in downtown brooklyn, the college  is convenient to manhattan and mass transit. for the last five years city tech has been among the leaders in  NA by u.s. news and world report. students and faculty are from more than 120 countries and speak more than 85  languages, with many students the first in their families to attend college. the english  department offers general education courses in composition and literature, as well as courses in developmental  reading and writing, and in english  as a second language. the department is dedicated to advancing  student success and encourages its faculty to become involved in innovative educational approaches, including utilizing  technology to enhance student achievement and promoting learning communities. faculty members work  collaboratively with other departments to sponsor an annual literary festival, roundtable discussions, and other  NA we are especially interested in candidates with a strong record of teaching, publication, and service. in addition  to teaching and scholarly work leading to publications and presentations, responsibilities include advisement, curriculum  development, and departmental, college wide, and university wide administrative and or committee  assignments. ph.d.or equivalent required, in rhetoric and composition, linguistics, literature, or english  education, with substantial  experience teaching composition, developmental writing, developmental reading, and or english  as a  second language in a college setting. esl applicants should be familiar with language assessment and computer  assisted language learning. to apply:  go to www .cuny .edu and click on "employment"  click "search job listings"  click on "more search options"  search by job opening id number (7193)  click on the "apply now" button and follow the instructions. new york u