the department of comparative literature invites applications for a tenure track position at the rank of assistant  professor. we are seeking a comparative literature scholar who has a broad knowledge of literatures and critical  methodologies. the candidates will have particular expertise in one of the following areas: 1) literary understanding  and the organization of knowledge; 2) intercultural and transcultural thought. responsibilities the appointed candidate will be expected to teach at all three levels of the curriculum, supervise graduate students,  engage in ongoing research and publication, and contribute to the academic life and reputation of the university. requirements  a doctoral degree in comparative literature (or a related discipline)  competence in languages  expertise in the specified area(s)  significant research and publications  ability and willingness to work with colleagues as a team  teaching experience  advanced proficiency in both oral and written french. NA NA NA   NA salary NA starting date june 1, 2013 deadline NA research work, and a summary of teaching and research interests must be received at the address below by january  15 2013. three letters of recommendation are also to be sent directly to the department chair at the following address: m. simon harel, chair NA  NA c. p. 6128, succursale centre ville NA for more information about the department of comparative literature, please consult the web site at: : www. littco.umontreal.ca confidentiality NA all documents unless the applicant explicitly states in her or his cover letter that access to the application should be  limited to the selection committee. this restriction on accessibility will be lifted if the applicant is invited for an  interview. employment equity program NA ethnic and visible minorities, aboriginals and people with disabilities. all applicants are asked to complete the  employment equity identification questionnaire posted at www .fas .umontreal .ca/ affaires professorales/ documents/  quest acces emploi en .pdf and attach it to their application. immigration requirements in compliance with canadian immigration requirements, priority shall be given to canadian citizens and permanent  residents. [r] u of calgary english,  2500 university dr nw calgary ab t2n 1n4 canada  