worldwide search for talent city university of hong kong is a dynamic, fast growing university that is pursuing excellence in research and professional  education. as a publicly funded institution, the university is committed to nurturing and developing students' talent and  creating applicable knowledge to support social and economic advancement. currently, the university has six colleges/ schools. within the next two years, the university aims to recruit 100 more scholars from all over the world in various  disciplines, including science, engineering, business, social sciences, humanities, law, creative media, energy, environment,  and other strategic growth areas.  applications are invited for : associate professor/assistant professor (business communication/professional communication) department of english  [ref. c/181/49] the department of english  is a leading centre for english  studies in the asian region, and has an international reputation  for its research on english  language and literature, creative writing and professional communication. it is currently entering  an exciting new stage of development with new initiatives in english  for the creative professions, digital media, literary  and cultural studies, rhetoric and composition, and interdisciplinary studies. the department was ranked 35th in the  world in the latest quacquarelli symonds survey. further information on the department is available at   requirements the department now seeks to make appointments at the associate professor/assistant professor level in the field of business  communication/professional communication. it is interested in recent phd's or mid career scholars with ambitious  research agendas and creative ideas for teaching and course development who are interested in working in a department  with a worldwide reputation in this field. areas of particular interest include advertising and public relations, business  writing, digital communication in business, and intercultural business communication. the post involves teaching and  designing courses both for english  majors studying a concentration in english  for professional communication and for  students in the college of business. candidates should hold a phd in applied linguistics/business communication/english  for specific purposes or related disciplines, demonstrate the capacity to produce high quality scholarly output, and be  able to design innovative courses. experience working with speakers of english  as a second or foreign language is desirable. the post offers significant opportunities for career development including strong support for research and conference attendance  and opportunities for collaboration with eminent scholars in the field. the post is a substantiation track position. (for further information or queries, please email dr. rodney jones at enrodney@ cityu .edu .hk. ) salary and conditions of service remuneration package will be driven by market competitiveness and individual performance. excellent fringe benefits  include gratuity, leave, medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where applicable). initial appointment will  be made on a fixed term contract. information and application further information on the university is available at   university of hong kong, tat chee avenue, kowloon, hong kong [fax : (852) 2788 1154 or (852) 3442 0311/email :  hrojob@ cityu .edu .hk]. please send the application with a current curriculum vitae and names of three referees to the human resources office.  applications received by 20 march 2013 will receive full consideration. please quote the reference of the post in the application  and on the envelope. the university thanks all applicants for their interest; only shortlisted applicants will be contacted.  the university reserves the right not to fill the position. personal data provided by applicants will be used strictly in  accordance with the university's personal data policies, a copy of which will be provided upon request. the university also offers a number of visiting positions through its "cityu international transition team" scheme for  current graduate students, postdoctoral scholars, and for early stage and established scholars, as described at   .cityu .edu .hk/ provost/ cityu_ international_ transition .htm. city university of hong kong is an equal opportunity employer  and we are committed to the principle of diversity. we  encourage applications from all qualified candidates, especially those who will enhance the diversity of our staff. city university of hong kong was ranked the 95th among the world's top universities and the 12th in asia according to  the quacquarelli symonds 2012 surveys.    city u of hong kong english,  kowloon tong kowloon na hk