the english  department of virginia commonwealth university is seeking to hire a distinguished writer/scholar,  at the rank of full professor. applicants may come from any field of creative writing or literary studies and would  join a thriving faculty in virginia's premiere urban university. we seek candidates of national or international reputation  in their disciplines with publications and awards reflective of that reputation. the faculty member will be  required to have a well-developed scholarly/research portfolio with evidence of multi-disciplinary applications and  external funding, appropriate to complement or expand existing expertise in the department(s). also, the distinguished  writer/scholar will be expected to teach both undergraduate english  majors and graduate students. the  department houses three graduate programs, the mfa in creative writing, the ma in english,  and the interdisciplinary  phd in media, art, and text. a phd, mfa degree or the equivalent is required. the faculty member will have demonstrated experience working  in and fostering a diverse faculty, staff, and student environment or a commitment to do so as a faculty member  at vcu. salary and teaching load are negotiable, and commensurate with those of an endowed chair. we especially  seek candidates with evidence of multidisciplinary applications and external funding appropriate to complement   and expand existing expertise within the department.applicants should submit a cover letter, a current c.v., and  contact information for at least three references. to receive appropriate consideration, applications must be received  by january 15, 2013. on-campus interviews with candidate finalists will begin in spring 2013. questions  and inquiries may be sent to the chair of the search committee, david wojahn at dcwojahn@ vcu .edu. applications  may be submitted electronically to engrecruit@ vcu .edu or mailed to dr. katherine bassard, chair/department of  english/ virginia commonwealth university/po box 842005/richmond, va 23284-2005. virginia commonwealth  university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  women, minorities and persons with disabilities  are encouraged to apply. [r] washington central washington u english, 