the department of english  at the university of dayton invites nominations and applications for an outstanding  scholar and dedicated teacher to spend a semester in residence as the first lawrence ruff visiting professor in 18th century  studies. for this new endowed chair, we seek an established scholar with an outstanding record of publication and teaching  whose work in 18th century  literary and/or cultural studies (including colonial or comparative approaches) would  complement and enhance the department of english  and our ma program, in particular. willingness and ability  to work with ma students in english  as well as with graduate students from other programs is important, and we  seek someone with enthusiasm for engaging with faculty and students from across the disciplines. NA academic year. the position involves teaching one graduate seminar and giving a research presentation as well  as regular and active participation in the life of the department and university. candidates must hold or have retired  from a regular full time position in a college or university, at the rank of associate or full professor, or the  equivalent. the university of dayton strongly supports interdisciplinary research and teaching and has vibrant programs in  NA NA on mary, and is a co sponsor of the international dayton literary peace prize (daytonliterarypeaceprize .org).  the university of dayton, founded in 1850 by the society of mary, is a top ten catholic research university. the  university seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic  excellence in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and  service in the local and global community. for information about the department of english,  visit   .udayton .edu/ artssciences/ english/. to attain its catholic and marianist mission, the university is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion  and affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. we act affirmatively to recruit and hire  women, traditionally under represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans. to inquire about the position, please contact dr. rebecca potter, search committee chair, at rpotter1@ udayton  .edu or call (937) 229 3434. [r] youngstown su english,  1 university plz youngstown oh 44555