the department of african languages and literature at the university of wisconsin at madison seeks an outstanding  teacher scholar at the rank of assistant or associate professor in second language acquisition, with a specialty in  african languages beginning august 2013. preference will be given to candidates whose scholarship and or teaching  focus on swahili, but other african languages will be considered, e.g., yoruba or zulu. the ideal candidate will be familiar with the latest theoretical trends and research methods in sla and be able to  assume a leadership role in training and supervising tas and other language instructors for multiple languages that  we offer in the department. s he will be expected to teach courses at both the undergraduate and graduate levels,  NA oldest african language department, a top tier african studies program, as well as an affiliate faculty of the  thriving interdisciplinary doctoral program in sla. minimum qualifications: phd in second language acquisition, applied linguistics, or closely related field by the  time of appointment; demonstrated ability to conduct research in the candidate's area of specialization; and native  or near native fluency in an african language. the salary for the position will be based on the individual's qualifications  and experience and will be competitive. please send a cover letter summarizing research and teaching interests and experience, a cv, a research statement,  and a statement of teaching philosophy. in addition, letters of reference should be submitted directly by three recommenders.  all application materials should be sent as e mail attachments to asongolo@ wisc .edu................ where necessary,  the address for materials and letters is professor aliko songolo, chair, department of african languages &  literature, university of wisconsin madison, 1220 linden drive, madison, wi 53706. to ensure full consideration,  applications must be received no later than december 12, 2012. unless confidentiality is requested in writing, information regarding the applicants must be released upon request.  finalists cannot be guaranteed confidentiality. a criminal background check will be required prior to employment. additional information is available on the position website:   madison promotes excellence through diversity and encourages all qualified individuals to apply. [r] u of wisconsin, stevens point english, 