the successful candidate will develop upper level courses in her or his areas of expertrise and will regularly teach  history and structure of the english  language, literary survey courses, introductory literature and general education  courses, and composition. preference will be given to candidates who have background in cultural studies and literary  theory. additional responsibilities will include recruiting, advising and mentoring students; engaging students  in undergraduate research, study away/study abroad, and related opportunities; participating in departmental and  committee work; and maintaining a professional scholarly agenda. this position is contingent on final budgetary approval. qualifications: candidates must hold an earned ph.d. in literary studies with stong preparation in global  anglophone language and literature from the caribbean, africa, or the asian subcontinent and in english  language  studies. knowledge of african american literature is a plus. a demonstrated strong commitment to excellent  teaching is a must. candidates who are abd with a firm date of completion for the degree will be considered. preference will be given to candidates with at least three years of successful teaching experience at the college level;  interest in ongoing professional development; and experience with instructional technology. preliminary interviews will be conducted at the mla conference in boston in january 2013. for best consideration  please submit all materials by december 15, 2012. submit a cover letter, vita, a statement of teaching philosophy and three letters of reference with application, electronically,  to:   confidential letters of reference from references should be sent to: hr@ mcla .edu. for additional information on the position, the department goals and aspirations, and the college, please go to:    review of applications will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. [r] massachusetts inst of tech for langs & lits, 77 massachusetts av, rm 14n 305 cambridge ma 02139