the department of writing, rhetoric, and american cultures at michigan state university seeks a tenure system  assistant professor in cultural rhetorics and digital humanities to begin august 16, 2013. we are interested in  scholars with a research program that contributes to building rhetorical theory. we are especially interested in  candidates who connect cultural and digital rhetorics as well as those who have an interest in developing grant and  funded projects. we wish to hire a colleague who can provide intellectual leadership in areas related to culture and  community, particularly in ways that help us think about the place of technology in that work. potential areas of  research include (but are not limited to) one or more of the following: cultural rhetorics; technology and culture;  gender and queer theory; ethnic rhetorics; decolonial studies; disability studies; cultural informatics; ethnography  of digital culture. the successful candidate will possess a phd degree, and teach relevant courses in the undergraduate  professional writing and the graduate rhetoric and writing program, maintain an active research program,   seek external funding for projects, and contribute to university outreach. the candidate will also have an opportunity  to teach in the new digital humanities specialization and the program in integrative arts and humanities in  the college of arts and letters. applicants should include a letter expressing interest in this position describing qualifications and experience, a  current curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation. all applications for this position must be submitted  electronically at the michigan state university human resources website   review of applications will begin december 1, 2012, and continue until the position is filled. salary is commensurate  with qualifications and experience. msu is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  msu is  committed to achieving excellence through a diverse workforce and inclusive culture that encourages all people to  reach their full potential. the university actively encourages applications and or nominations of women, persons  of color, veterans and persons with disabilities. questions about the position should be directed to bill hart davidson  (hartdav@ msu .edu) , search chair, department of writing, rhetoric, and american cultures, 434 farm lane,  235 bessey hall, michigan state university. east lansing, mi 48824. 517 355 2400 michigan tech u