director, baker-nord center for the humanities (associate professor or professor) the college of arts and sciences at case western reserve university seeks a distinguished faculty member to  serve as the director of the baker nord center for the humanities. the position is open to all disciplines in the  humanities. the successful candidate will hold an academic appointment in one of the humanities departments, at  the rank of associate professor or professor, full-time with tenure, in accordance with the university faculty handbook  and the appointing department's promotion and tenure guidelines. we are seeking an active scholar with  demonstrated excellence in interdisciplinary collaboration; an outstanding record of teaching and mentorship; a  commitment to the promotion of digital humanities; and established administrative experience. associate professor  candidates should have established a significant professional reputation; candidates for professor should be internationally  recognized for leadership and scholarship in their discipline. duties will be to provide intellectual and  administrative leadership for the baker-nord center and its activities, including programming and development.  normal departmental teaching load is anticipated at one course per year while directing the baker-nord center.  for more information on the baker-nord center, please visit our website at: http:// humanities .case .edu/ index .php. email letter of application, cv, and contact information of three references in a pdf document to  directorbakernord@ case .edu.................................................................................. or by mail to ms. chandel smith, office of the dean, 10900 euclid avenue, cleveland,  oh 44106-7068. the position will remain open until filled, but applications received by february 1, 2013  will receive full consideration. in employment, as in education, case western reserve university is committed to equal opportunity and diversity.  women, veterans, members of underrepresented minority groups, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged  to apply. case western reserve university provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities.  applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact  the office of inclusion, diversity and equal opportunity at 216-368-8877 to request a reasonable accommodation.  determinations as to granting reasonable accommodations for any applicant will be made on a case-by-case basis. cleveland su