nyu shanghai the writing program at nyu shanghai invites applications for several full-time, language lecturer positions to teach  writing to academically outstanding students from around the world. ideal candidates will have experience working with  students from diverse cultural and language backgrounds. we seek candidates with writing-in-the-disciplines, writing center,  and esl experience, though scholars and teachers from all disciplines are encouraged to apply. appointments are for one year effective august 1, 2013 and are subject to renewal. language lecturers teach six sections  (or their equivalent) of writing courses integrated into a year-long core survey course (3 sections/semester). language  lecturers will also provide mentorship to writing fellows and participate in required faculty development programs. applicants  should have a minimum of two years of experience teaching writing at a college or university. a phd is preferred.  nyush is looking for creative individuals who are flexible, outgoing, open to new environments, and respectful of diverse  backgrounds and learning styles. language lecturers attend a faculty orientation in late summer, student orientation in august, participate in regular writing  development workshops throughout the academic year, continue ongoing research in their academic or creative fields,  and participate actively in the intellectual life of nyush. nyu shanghai is the newest degree-granting campus within nyu's global network. it is the first sino-us higher education  joint venture to grant a degree that is accredited in the us as well as in china. a research university with liberal arts  and sciences at its core, it resides in one of the world's great cities, joining its vibrant intellectual community. nyu shanghai  will recruit scholars who are committed to our global vision of transformative teaching and innovative research. half  the student body will hold chinese passports and half will come from around the world. new york university has established itself as a global network university, a multi-site, organically connected network encompassing  key global cities and idea capitals. the network has three degree-granting campuses-new york, shanghai, and  abu dhabi-complemented by 12 additional academic centers across five continents. faculty and students circulate within  the network in pursuit of common research interests and cross-cultural, interdisciplinary endeavors, both local and global. review of applications will begin immediately for fall 2013 appointments and continue until positions are filled. required  application materials: a cover letter that explains your interest in teaching writing in shanghai, specific qualities you will  NA application materials: a student paper that represents advanced work; assignments for that paper; and a reflective letter  NA positions for instructions and other information on how to apply. if you have any questions, please e-mail shanghai .faculty  .recruitment@ nyu .edu. nyu shanghai is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer postdoctoral listings dickinson c english, 