the department of english  & comparative literature and the creative writing program at unc chapel hill  invite applications for a tenure track job at the assistant professor level in poetry writing, to begin in academic year  NA or international level as a poet, substantial and ongoing publication, outstanding teaching at the college level, and a  commitment to the teaching of undergraduates and the mentoring of young writers. mfa strongly preferred. the  percy fellow will take an active part in the life and development of one of the strongest undergraduate creative  NA publication expectations. NA and selection of courses for undergraduates. eight tenured faculty and a number of fixed term faculty teach small  NA of the program include robert morgan, russell banks, jill mccorkle, randall kenan, and lydia millett, a recent  finalist for the pulitzer prize in fiction. please refer to our web site for more information about the department  and the creative writing program:   applicants must apply online, following this link:   cover letter, cv, statement of teaching philosophy, a brief selection of poems as a writing sample, and reviews of  NA the names, titles, and email addresses of professional references (four are required). the recommenders identified  will be contacted via email with instructions for uploading their recommendation letters. alternatively, applicants  may list interfolio as a reference and the application system will solicit recommendations from interfolio. please see    in addition, please send copies of recent books (must have at least one book in print) and other relevant publications  to: the creative writing search committee, dept of english  & comparative literature, greenlaw cb# 3520,   unc chapel hill, chapel hill nc 27599 3520. online applications must be complete and submitted by 5:00 pm  (eastern), 23 december 2012. we expect to invite 3 finalists to the campus in late january early february 2013. women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. the university of north carolina is an  equal opportunity /affirmative action employer.  [r] u of north carolina, charlotte english, 