worldwide search for talent city university of hong kong is a dynamic, fast-growing university that is pursuing excellence in research and  professional education. as a publicly-funded institution, the university is committed to nurturing and developing  NA university has six colleges/schools. within the next two years, the university aims to recruit 100 more scholars  from all over the world in various disciplines, including science, engineering, business, social sciences, humanities,  law, creative media, energy, environment, and other strategic growth areas. applications and nominations are invited for: department of english (1) professor (english  language and linguistics) [ref. c/175/09] (2) professor (english  literature) [ref. c/176/09] the department of english  now seeks to make two key appointments in the fields of english  language studies and  english  literature. it is particularly interested in scholars with a leading reputation for research and publication in  their field. the department is a leading centre for english  studies in the asian region, and has an international reputation for  its research on english  language, literature, creative writing and professional communication. it is currently entering  an exciting new stage of development with new initiatives in creative writing, digital media, literary and cul  tural studies rhetoric and composition, and interdisciplinary studies. the department was ranked 35th in the world  in the latest qs survey. further information on the department is available at http:// www .cityu .edu .hk/ en/. for post (1), applicants should be leaders in their field with the capacity to produce high quality scholarly output,  design innovative courses, and mentor younger staff in the department. scholars in all areas of english  language  studies/english  linguistics are welcome to apply. the department has considerable strengths in the areas of applied  linguistics, business and professional communication, english  for specific purposes, digital literacies, discourse  analysis, sociolinguistics, and teaching of writing, but would also welcome outstanding researchers in  other fields. successful candidates would have the opportunity to contribute to research initiatives in these and  complementary fields and to join a team of highly productive and motivated scholars. for post (2), applicants should be leading scholars in their field able to produce high quality scholarly output, teach  canonical british literature in innovative ways that appeal to students who are are typically high-level bilingual/ multilingual users of english,  and assist the department in building up its offerings in english  literature and cultural  studies. successful candidates will have the chance to work together with a number of young and established  NA for two posts, offer exciting new opportunities for research and career development in what is an expanding and  well-funded educational context, in which hong kong is developing as an important tertiary hub for mainland  china and the asian region. the duties will include providing leadership in research, teaching, curriculum development  NA should have a phd in english  linguistics/literature or closely-related disciplines, and a strong international reputation  in research and scholarship. the terms of employment will be highly competitive, with strong support for  international conferences as well as regional and global activities. (for further information or queries, please email dr. rodney jones, acting head at enrodney@ cityu .edu .hk. ) salary and conditions of service remuneration package will be driven by market competitiveness and individual performance. excellent fringe  benefits include gratuity, leave, medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where applicable). initial appointment  will be made on a fixed-term contract. information and application further information on the university is available at http:// www .cityu .edu......................................hk, or from the human resources office,  city university of hong kong, tat chee avenue, kowloon, hong kong [fax : (852) 2788 1154 or (852) 3442  0311/email : hrojob@ cityu .edu .hk]. please send the nomination or application with a current curriculum vitae to the human resources office; applications  and nominations will be considered until the positions are filled. the university reserves the right not  NA personal data policies, a copy of which will be provided upon request. NA current graduate students and for early-stage and established scholars, as described at http:// www .cityu .edu .hk/  provost/ cityu_ international_ transition .htm. city university of hong kong is an equal opportunity employer  and we are committed to the principle of diversity.  we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, especially those who will enhance the diversity of our  staff. NA to the quacquarelli symonds 2012 surveys. http:// www .cityu .edu.hk  franklin college switzerland