the department of communication and media at rensselaer polytechnic institute in troy, ny invites applications  for a tenured position at the rank of professor and department head in the areas of human computer  interaction and or new digital media. the successful candidate will join an interdisciplinary faculty whose research  broadly engages communication in technologically mediated environments and is situated within the fields  of rhetoric, communication, media studies and design, game studies and design, literature, hci, and anthropology.  the department offers b.s. programs in communication; electronic media, arts, and communication (emac),  with the department of the arts; and games and simulations arts and sciences (gsas), with the department  of the arts and department of cognitive science. the department also offers m.s. degrees in communication  and rhetoric, human computer interaction, and technical communication and a ph.d. in communication and  rhetoric. we are especially interested in candidates with expertise in one or more of the following areas: NA NA NA NA NA NA candidates must have a ph.d. or appropriate terminal degree, or foreign degree equivalent, as well as a substantial  record of high quality research and outstanding leadership and administrative skills. a record of securing external  funding is required. the successful candidate will be teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels, and be expected to maintain an  established, ongoing research program in an area of specialty, as well as to contribute to curriculum development  within the department and interdisciplinary programs within the school of humanities, arts, and social sciences  and the institute. as department head, the incumbent also provides leadership and long term planning while  directing the academic, operational, and budgetary activities of the department. the department head will be  NA advance the vision and mission of this interdisciplinary department. screening of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. to apply, please submit  a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information for five (5) professional references  NA attn: kimberley osburn, rensselaer polytechnic institute, 110 8th street, troy, ny 12180, osburk@ rpi .edu. NA work and campus communities. rensselaer polytechnic institute is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer. contact us: osburk@ rpi .edu  saint john's u english, 