university of kentucky african american & africana studies program the african american & africana studies program at the university of kentucky seeks to hire several full time  tenure track faculty members at the rank of assistant professor whose primary academic appointment will be in a  department within the college of arts & sciences. we are conducting a broad search and are particularly interested in scholars whose research is interdisciplinary and  focused on peoples and cultures of africa and the african diaspora. applicants should have demonstrable teaching  experience and scholarly credentials commensurate with a tenure stream appointment at a major research university  as well as demonstrated interests in community engagement. while we welcome applications from scholars  across all the relevant areas of specialization and competence, we encourage applications from scholars with doctorates  in african american or black diaspora studies who are able to teach introduction to africana studies and   other core courses. we also welcome applicants with degrees in humanistic or social science disciplines whose research  interests include but are not limited to the africana specific intersections of political experience, power, race,  gender, economics, science, arts, new media, transnational issues and migration. candidates must have their ph.d. prior to the start date. the teaching load is a 2 2 with significant research expectations  and a target start date of august 2013. salary is commensurate with experience. candidates should submit the following items electronically to   central?quickfind=238989 : letter of intent, curriculum vitae, writing sample, description of research interests,  statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation. review of applications will begin on january  16, 2013, and will continue until positions are filled. the university of kentucky is an affirmative action equal opportunity university that values diversity and is located  in an increasingly diverse geographical region. it is committed to becoming one of the top public institutions  in the country. women, persons with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented groups are encouraged  to apply. the university also supports family friendly policies [r] western kentucky u english, 