the gallatin school of individualized study at new york university invites applications for a full time clinical  assistant professor to teach in our first year program, beginning on september 1, 2013. we seek scholars who have  extensive experience and success in teaching expository writing about or in the sciences. possible areas of expertise  include but are not limited to the history of science; science and the arts; philosophy of science; popular science  writing; science journalism; and environmentalism. the position is a non tenure track but renewable contract line and the candidate would become an on going member  of the full time faculty of the school. the teaching load for this position is four courses a year in addition to  NA position will consist of two theme based first year writing seminars; one first year interdisciplinary seminar; and  NA NA the ideal candidate will have a strong interest in interdisciplinary teaching and in advising students in designing  individualized programs of study.  qualifications: ph.d. in hand by september 1, 2013, in a science related field and demonstrated excellence in teaching  expository writing in an interdisciplinary context at the college or university level. experience in academic  advising at the college or university level is also desirable. founded in 1972, gallatin is a liberal arts college of 1,400 undergraduate students and 200 masters students which  forms a part of the major research university of nyu. its innovative b.a. and m.a. programs in individualized  study encourage students to develop an integrated, interdisciplinary program of study that combines courses taken  NA writing courses and arts workshops. the school emphasizes excellent teaching, intensive student advising and  mentoring, and a unique combination of program flexibility and academic rigor. all application materials must be submitted electronically. to apply, please visit www.nyuopsearch.com/applicants/ central?quickfind=51486 please submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a statement of your teaching philosophy, a brief description  of three dream courses, and three letters of reference. for questions, please contact amber pritchett at amber .pritchett@ nyu .edu. review of applications will begin on december 10, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. nyu is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. new york u gallatin school of individualized study, 715 broadway new york ny 10003