the department of english,  in the faculty of arts at the university of calgary invites applications for a tenure  track position at the rank of assistant professor, effective july 1, 2013. we are seeking candidates with a completed phd in english  or a closely related discipline, a demonstrated scholarly  record, intellectual breadth and flexibility, and expertise in digital humanities research such as text analysis (algorithmic  criticism, corpus linguistics), data visualization, tool development, data curation mining, gis, digital editing,  social media networked knowledge. the successful applicant will be able to contribute to the teaching needs  of the department at all levels and will be an active member of the digital arts and humanities working group. the department of english  at the university of calgary is one of the most dynamic research and teaching departments  in canada, with thriving ma and phd programs and a strong undergraduate program. we encourage applications  from all qualified women and men, including members of visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, and  persons with disabilities. for more information about the department, see our home page:   ucalgary.ca. applicants should send a curriculum vitae, a refereed publication or project url, and evidence of teaching effectiveness.  they should arrange to have three confidential letters of reference forwarded directly to: dr. bart beaty, head department of english university of calgary 2500 university drive nw calgary, alberta t2n 1n4 or by e mail to the department manager, anne jaggard: jaggard@ ucalgary .ca original letters of reference must be sent to the address above.  deadline: january 31, 2013 or when the position is filled. increasing scholarly capacity will help the university of calgary meet its strategic goal to become one of canada's  top five research universities by 2016, where innovative teaching and groundbreaking research go hand in hand,  and where we fully engage the communities we both serve and lead. the strategy is called eyes high, inspired by  the university's gaelic motto, which translates as 'i will lift up my eyes'. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  the university of calgary respects, appreciates and encourages diversity. u of calgary english,  2500 university dr nw calgary ab t2n 1n4 canada