description: the division of liberal arts of the university of the arts seeks a full-time faculty member to  teach poetry in its new b.f.a. in creative writing. the program offers students an unparalleled opportunity to  focus on the craft of writing in an inspiring and unique artistic environment in which young authors collaborate  with musicians and illustrators, filmmakers and graphic designers, sculptors and actors. the program admits its first  entering class in fall 2013. NA to an innovative arts education that encourages transmedia and interdisciplinary exploration and collaboration  within and across its degree programs in the visual, literary, and performing arts and design. this faculty  member will: NA NA in forms other than poetry and upper-division courses in literature. NA NA of the arts has a formal affiliation, and provide supervision of student internships. NA NA planning. NA NA writing program. requirements: mfa or phd in creative writing. a record of publication and teaching experience is highly  desirable. rank, load, and contract start date: assistant professor (three-year initial appointment), teaching  6 courses annually. appointment commences september 1, 2013. to apply: qualified applicants should submit letters of application, curriculum vitae, samples of work, and the  names of three references by e-mail attachment to cwpoet@ uarts .edu........................................... applications received by friday, december  7, will receive fullest consideration. preliminary interviews will be conducted at the modern language association  NA about the university of the arts: the university of the arts, located in the heart of center city  philadelphia, is one of the only universities in the united states solely dedicated to educating creative individuals in  the visual, literary, and performing arts and design. our 2,100 undergraduates and graduate students and 500 faculty  members bring passion to what they do, and in the process redefine how we think, teach, and create. the university of the arts is an equal opportunityemployer  [r]  u of the arts