position summary  utah state university and the college of humanities and social sciences seek applications for the position of the  charles redd chair in religious studies at utah state university. we are seeking a full or associate professor to  fill the endowed charles redd chair in religious studies. the person holding this chair will lead the development  and expansion of the curriculum in the interdisciplinary program in religious studies administered by the college  of humanities and social sciences. the college seeks an effective and dynamic teacher and scholar who can work to expand the religious studies program  at utah state university. the successful candidate will be a master teacher who can contribute to the breadth  of offerings in religious studies. this is a nine month academic year appointment. utah state university is a carnegie research university (high research activity) enrolling 29,000 students on six  campuses located throughout utah. the main campus, in logan, is located in the rocky mountains of northern  utah. please visit www .usu .edu/ greats/ for further details. women, minority, veteran, and disabled candidates are  encouraged to apply. utah state university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  responsibilities  the redd chair was created to provide leadership and inspiration in the religious studies program. we seek a  NA the university in discussions of religious thought and practice. he or she will have an established record of teaching  and pedagogical leadership in the field of religious studies. the field of specialization within religious studies is  NA NA and conflicts. the holder of the redd chair will teach a range of classes, including large survey courses for  the general undergraduate population.  minimum qualifications  a ph.d. in an appropriate field is required (religious studies, english,  communication, philosophy, sociology, history,  and anthropology). must be at the rank of full or associate professor. the successful candidate will have demonstrated  commitment to undergraduate teaching with a record of excellence in this area of responsibility. he or  she must demonstrate strong interpersonal relational skills in drawing together the diverse viewpoints of donors,  faculty and students in religious studies.  preferred qualifications  experience in development and other program building activities.  NA position close date open until filled  salary commensurate with experience, plus excellent benefits  see   requisition number 053492  employment in this position is contingent upon a satisfactory background check. utah state university is an aa/ eo employer  and encourages gender and ethnic diversity.  utah su english, 