the international studies department at macalester college seeks to appoint an assistant professor in the interdisciplinary  field of global media and information, to begin fall 2013. a vibrant department at the heart of the  NA  disciplinary, regional, and trans national perspectives. successful candidates will have research and teaching interests  in fields such as global video television film, the internet, telecommunications, worldwide news and information,  or cross border images and media. the history, sources, migration, distribution, audiences, aesthetics, and  gender and racial dimensions of media, information, technology and culture are all of interest. candidates trained  in any humanities or social science discipline are encouraged to apply. we seek candidates of broad geographic reach, preferring those with research or teaching expertise in the overlapping  and permeable categories of east asia, south asia, the indian ocean sphere, the islamic world, and or latin  NA department and major. electronic applications are required. for fullest consideration, send initial application, consisting of a detailed introductory  letter and cv, to   receive first consideration. questions about the position may be addressed to search committee chair nadya nedelsky  (nedelsky@ macalester .edu). macalester college is a highly selective, private liberal arts college in the vibrant minneapolis saint paul metropolitan  area, which has a population of approximately three million and is home to numerous colleges and universities  NA from 48 states and over 80 nations. the college maintains a longstanding commitment to academic excellence  with a special emphasis on internationalism, multiculturalism, and service to society. we are especially interested in  applicants dedicated to teaching and research creative activity within a liberal arts college community. as an equal  opportunity employer  supportive of affirmative efforts to achieve diversity among its faculty, macalester college  strongly encourages applications from women and members of underrepresented minority groups. u of minnesota, duluth