note: only completed applications, containing all of the required documents listed below, will be submitted for  review. recruitment number: f1215 application deadline: review of applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is filled. description of position: western oregon university seeks a full time, tenure track assistant professor of digital writing, beginning september  2013, to broaden and strengthen our undergraduate writing curriculum. wou is an aa eoe employer  and committed to fostering diversity in its student body, faculty and staff. women and minorities are encouraged to  apply. qualifications: ph.d. in composition and rhetoric writing studies or related field is required by time of appointment. consideration  will be given to candidates with an mfa in digital writing design or closely related field. digital writing  expertise is a must. demonstrated expertise in composition rhetoric or writing communication and new media  studies, digital humanities literacy, or electronic environments is required. interest and experience in writing program  administration is a plus. applicants should possess a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching and advising.  usual teaching load is 3 classes 12 hours per quarter. start date: september 16, 2013 contact information: questions regarding this position may be directed to dr. meg artman, search committee chair, at artmanm@  wou .edu. for questions regarding the application process or to submit your application documents, please contact human  resources at 503 838 8552 or employment@ wou .edu. application process required application materials: NA NA  NA NA NA (three (3) current letters of reference preferred for initial screening and will be required prior to an interview. at  least one of the references must address teaching.) submit application materials to: f1215 assistant professor of digital writing western oregon university human resources office 345 n. monmouth ave. monmouth, or 97361  or e mail as an attachment to employment@ wou .edu or fax to 503 838 8144. pennsylvania california u of pennsylvania english,  azorsky hall california pa 15419