emory university, atlanta, ga. health and humanities. assistant professor (tenure track), beginning  fall 2013. four courses per year, beginning undergraduate to graduate level. usual advising, committee, and other  non teaching duties. phd required. this position is one of several new faculty appointments in the humanities  made possible by support from the mellon foundation. these interdisciplinary appointments seek to bridge humanities  based inquiry with other disciplines by applying its traditional principles to new fields of study, through  using new approaches to examine traditional areas of research, and by exporting principles of critical inquiry across  the humanities and the academy more broadly. through this tenure track position in health and humanities, emory university wishes to add to its strengths in  interdisciplinary scholarship and teaching. candidates must have research programs that study health, illness, disability,  disease, the provision of health care, the health sciences, or medical technology from a humanities based  perspective. broad fields of interest appropriate for this position include but are not limited to: cultural, historical,  or philosophical studies of medicine, nursing, or public health; studies of race, gender, sexuality, and social justice  in health care; literary and artistic explorations of health and illness; disability studies; studies of discourse and narrative;  and the ethics of the health professions. the successful applicant will have a tenure home in a particular humanities department, but will be expected to  collaborate with and benefit from different departments, centers, and schools (especially the many health related  schools) within the university. this position is open to scholars across the humanities, including african american  studies, area studies, art history, film and media studies, history, all literature and language departments, religion,  NA begins december 1, 2012, and applications received before december 15, 2012, will be given full consideration; fi  nalists will be invited for campus visits beginning in february 2013. applications should include a cover letter that  addresses the position description and describes research plans, c.v., writing sample, teaching portfolio, and three  confidential letters of reference. referees should send their letters by email attachment, and should write the name  of the applicant in the subject line of the email. nominations are invited. applications, letters of reference, and  nominations should be emailed to dr. mark risjord, search committee chair at mellon3@ emory .edu. emory university is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer,  and actively seeks applications from  women and minorities. [r] emory u