NA humanities for a  core faculty position in the school of foreign service in doha, qatar. we especially invite applications from candidates  specializing in world literature with a regional/area specificity who are also able to develop that interest  within an anglophone context. experience in teaching college composition is required. we seek applications from  qualified candidates at all ranks beyond the ph.d. applicants at advanced rank must have substantial research accomplishments  and evidence of ambitious ongoing research agendas; entry level applicants must have exceptional  promise of future research productivity, and an existing record of publication will be beneficial. all applicants  must have outstanding teaching credentials and must be committed to undergraduate teaching, and will serve on  NA education literature/humanities courses as well as upper level seminars in their area of specialty. the successful  candidate will also be expected to conduct high caliber scholarly research in his or her field of specialty. our  core faculty positions are full time positions designed to replicate institutional commitment to academic freedom  and professional opportunities associated with tenure track appointments. compensation and expatriate benefits  packages are excellent and sfs q provides generous research support and support for conference travel. for more  information on the school of foreign service in qatar, see   of foreign service in qatar are eligible to apply for qatar national priorities research program grants from the  qatar national research fund. these competitive grants are up to $350,000 for up to three years. for more information  see   should send a letter of interest (including a description of research and teaching strengths and interests as part   of the application letter), a curriculum vitae, and at least three reference letters for assistant professorial rank with  the names of at least three references at the more senior rank. candidates selected for interviews at the assistant professorial  level will also be required to provide an official graduate transcript and a chapter length writing sample.  applications must be submitted at   will not be accepted. questions about the online application system should be directed to nick starvaggi at  nhs22@ georgetown .edu. queries about the position should be directed to dr. kai henrik barth, assistant dean  for academic affairs, at khb3@ georgetown .edu.................................................................. georgetown university is an equal opportunity, affirmative action  employer  fully dedicated to achieving a diverse faculty and staff. all qualified candidates are encouraged to  apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion,  national origin, marital status, veteran status, disability or other categories protected by law. [r] kean u english, 