join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity and student success. west chester  university is seeking applicants for a tenure track position as assistant professor of english  linguistics, beginning  late august 2013. NA graduate english  linguistics curriculum by teaching a variety of linguistics focused courses, including lin/ NA teaching first year composition  courses is also expected. requirements: ph.d. in english  linguistics, in english  with a specialization in linguistics, or in linguistics or  any subfield of linguistics with a significant focus on the linguistics of english.  ph.d. must be in hand or degree  requirements completed by august 15, 2013. evidence of strong research potential, effective teaching experience in  linguistics and composition/writing, and experience with course development are also required. preferences: special consideration will be given to candidates with a demonstrable ability to teach within our english  linguistics curriculum beyond the above mentioned required courses, in areas such as phonetics, history of the  english  language, english  dialectology or sociolinguistics. a documentable tesol specific teaching background  NA to expanding access, experience with or demonstrable enthusiasm for alternative, non classroom based  modes of instruction (itv, online, hybrid, etc.) will be a plus for this position. application materials: please submit letter of application, c.v., a writing sample, three letters of recommendation  and a teaching portfolio (to include a statement of teaching philosophy, a representative sample of student evaluations  and a selection of original teaching materials from both linguistics and composition/writing courses, as well  as evidence of the development of non classroom based courses if available) via the application website at   wcupa .peopleadmin .com. initial screening of applicants will begin on november 19, 2012 and continue until the  position is filled. finalists must successfully complete an on site interview, research presentation and teaching demonstration.  references with contact information will be required prior to interview. located in the suburban philadelphia area, wcu is one of the largest members of the pennsylvania state system of  higher education, and offers highly competitive pay and benefits. since developing and sustaining a diverse faculty   NA NA women and minorities are encouraged to apply. the filling of  this position is contingent upon available funding. all offers of employment are subject to and contingent upon satisfactory  completion of pre employment criminal background and consumer reporting checks. [r]