brown university and the board of governors of the john carter brown library seek a director and librarian.  the john carter brown library is an independently administered library and research center, founded in 1846 and  located at brown university since 1901. throughout its history, the library has served scholars from the united  states and abroad. the library offers fellowships, sponsors lectures and conferences, regularly mounts exhibitions  for the public, and publishes catalogues, bibliographies, and other works that interpret its holdings. the director will oversee and build upon its world renowned collection of primary sources for the study of north  and south america during the colonial period (ca. 1492 to ca. 1825). NA NA center for advanced research in history and the humanities, as well as administer the cultivation and procurement of  requisite resources, including grant proposals. the successful candidate should have an earned doctorate in a field directly related to the scope of the collection  and interests of the library, and will ideally have had proven administrative supervisory experience in a scholarly  setting. extraordinary candidates without an earned doctorate or comparable administrative experience will be  considered. the director oversees all operational, programmatic, and management activities of the library, has   ultimate supervisory authority over all staff, and is responsible for the budget. the director is also responsible for  managing the library's community of long and short term fellows. the director will report to the provost of brown university with respect to university administrative matters.  NA NA NA literature of european exploration and travel in the western hemisphere, from the first latin editions of the columbus  letter of 1493, through nearly all of the contemporary narratives of spanish, portuguese, french, german,  dutch, and english  discovery, exploration, and settlement are well known. the geography and anthropology of the  americas, the economic incentives for colonization, the social and political character of new world settlements,  and the response of indigenous peoples to the european incursion are all also well covered in the collection. the  NA europe, has continuously enriched the collection. at least 20 percent of the collection consists of books printed  NA world. NA in the united states and abroad, offers a network of resources invaluable for fellows and researchers of its collections.  the library also provides for and fosters educational and research opportunities for the graduate and undergraduate  educational community through the engagement of the brown faculty. in recent years the library has taken a leadership role to digitize its collections and in making its holdings broadly  available. it is expected that a successful candidate will bring a strong creative vision for its continued successful  work going forward. review of candidates will begin on december 15, 2012 and will continue until the director is named. inquiries  can be addressed to kimberly roskiewicz, assistant to the president, brown university at kimberly_ roskiewicz@ brown .edu. applications should include a letter of intent, a curriculum vita and names of three references. NA no. h00485. brown university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. rhode island c english, 