marymount manhattan college invites applications for full time, tenure track positions in academic writing, to  begin september 2013. one of these appointments will be as director of the writing seminar program. required: applicants should have a ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or english  by the time of appointment.  applicants should also have a demonstrated record of teaching excellence, a commitment to service, and an active  research agenda. responsibilities for all positions are: designing and teaching lower level courses in the writing seminar program,  an interdisciplinary general education sequence that emphasizes academic writing and research skills; working collaboratively  on continuous pedagogical development and program assessment; service to the college; and pursuit of  a research agenda. preference will be given to applicants whose research agendas are in the fields of writing pedagogy  or rhetoric and composition. additional specific responsibilities of the director of writing seminar program are: hiring, supervising and mentoring  adjunct faculty; running faculty development workshops; scheduling writing seminar classes; developing  and implementing curricular improvements; and handling all other administrative aspects of the program. administrative  experience required. applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and list of three professional references with contact information,  by december 15, 2012. electronic submission is preferred. please send to ebazzini@ mmm .edu............ if materials  cannot be sent electronically, please mail to: dr. magda maczynska, search committee chair, literature and  language department, marymount manhattan college, 221 east 71st street, new york, ny 10021. this position is subject to final budget approval. pease refer to the college website, www .mmm .edu, and catalogue  for course program and information. marymount manhattan college is an affirmative action equal opportunity  employer.  members of under represented groups are encouraged to apply. molloy c english,  po box 5002, 1000 hempstead av rockville centre ny 11571