the english  department at keene state college invites applications for a tenure track position in non u.s. anglophone  post colonial literatures, with a preferred secondary expertise in modern british literature, to begin  august 2013. the successful candidate is expected to teach three courses per semester, including those that introduce students to  the english  major, the history of a genre, and/or courses developed for the college wide integrative studies program.  more information about the english  department is available at    NA NA ongoing efforts to provide opportunities to help students become responsible global citizens. required qualifications: ph.d. in english,  comparative literature, or related field completed by august 1, 2013,  college level teaching experience, and evidence of scholarship. salary will be based on collective bargaining unit  agreement, and is $61,720 minimum for the rank of assistant professor for fall 2013. application: apply online at   applicants should be prepared to upload the following documents when applying online: NA NA NA note: the three (3) letters of recommendation may be sent under separate cover directly to keene state college,  office of human resource management fac6, 229 main street, keene nh 03435 1604 or via e mail to  cgreene@ keene .edu. application deadline: review of applications will begin immediately and continue until december 3, 2012. preliminary  NA boston ma. keene state college is located in monadnock region of sw nh, and an affiliate of the university system of nh.  to learn more visit:   keene state college, one of the leading liberal arts colleges in new hampshire, has been ranked by us news and  world report among the top 100 regional schools in the north. the college is a member of the council of public  liberal arts colleges, a national alliance of leading liberal arts colleges in the public sector and is accredited by  neasc; its education and music programs accredited by ncate and nasm respectively. as an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer,  keene state college is engaged in an effort to build a community that reflects  the diversity of society. [r] new jersey drew u english, 