nyu abu dhabi the writing program at nyu abu dhabi invites applications for full time, language lecturer positions to teach  writing to academically outstanding students from around the world. ideal candidates will have experience working  with students from diverse cultural and language backgrounds. we seek candidates with backgrounds in middle  eastern studies, gender studies, and the social sciences, though scholars and teachers from all disciplines are  encouraged to apply.  appointments are for one year and subject to renewal. language lecturers teach four sections (or their equivalent)  of writing courses over the academic year, provide mentorship to writing fellows, and participate in faculty development  activities. applicants should have a minimum of two years of experience teaching writing at a college or  university. a phd is preferred. nyuad is looking for creative individuals who are flexible, outgoing, open to new  environments, and respectful of diverse backgrounds and learning styles. language lecturers attend orientation in august, participate in regular writing development workshops throughout  the academic year, continue ongoing research in their academic or creative fields, and participate actively in the  intellectual life of nyuad. new york university has established itself as a global network university, a multi site, organically connected  network encompassing key global cities and idea capitals. the network has three degree granting campuses new  york, shanghai, and abu dhabi complemented by 12 additional academic centers across five continents. faculty  and students will circulate within the network in pursuit of common research interests and cross cultural, interdisciplinary  endeavors, both local and global. entering its third year, nyu abu dhabi has recruited a cohort of faculty who are at once distinguished in their  research and teaching. our students are drawn from around the world and surpass all traditional recruitment  NA institute for advanced research, sponsoring cutting edge projects across the arts, humanities, social sciences, sciences,  and engineering. review of applications will begin immediately for fall 2013 appointments and continue until positions are filled.  applications should include: a cover letter that explains your interest in teaching in abu dhabi and specific qualities  NA pages). please visit our website at   other information on how to apply. if you have any questions, please e mail nyuad .writing .program@ nyu .edu. nyu abu dhabi is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. singapore u of technology & design