the university writing program (uwp) at the george washington university (gw), in washington, dc, seeks  a specialist in professional or technical writing, broadly construed, to join the program at the rank of assistant professor  (non tenure accruing). the successful candidate will contribute an active research agenda to complement the  work of our diverse faculty and play a central role in the development of new initiatives and course offerings that  NA we are seeking a person who can contribute to our first year writing (academic writing) division by regularly  NA the development of an emerging professional and technical writing division. this person also will collaborate with  our wid and wc divisions. we are particularly interested in better serving students in the schools of engineering  and applied sciences, public health and health services, and business, as well as offering non credit courses tailored  to the needs of staff at the plethora of businesses, governmental agencies, and ngos in our area. regular rank (assistant, associate, and full professor) appointments in the uwp carry teaching, research, and  service expectations, in that order of priority. the standard teaching load is 3/3. for this position, there is an ex  pectation that some portion of that load may be reallocated toward administrative and program building work.  the initial contract period will be three years. following a second successful reappointment process, subsequent  contracts will be five years. gw values productive relationships beyond the university, and the successful candidate  will have the opportunity to devote up to one day per week to outside consulting work (which our location in  washington, dc, richly supports). NA teaching professional, business, scientific, or technical writing; an active research agenda; experience and evidence  of excellence in writing instruction; experience in teaching with multimedia. degree specialization is open; however,  some familiarity with contemporary composition and/or rhetorical theory and practice is required. start date is august 1, 2013. competitive salary and excellent benefits. continuing non tenure track faculty appointments  at gw have relative parity with tenure track positions in salary, benefits, and access to promotion.  review of applications to begin november 23, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. for full consideration,  applications should be received before december 1. only complete applications will be considered. for consideration, submit an application letter, statement of teaching philosophy, statement of research interests,  course proposal, c.v., and contact information for three references, through the online application system at:   www .gwu .jobs/ postings/ 11824. questions about the position may be directed to professor zachary wolfe, chair  of the search committee, at zwolfe@ gwu .edu. all materials submitted may be shared with program faculty. the george washington university is an equal opportunity /affirmative action employer.  we strongly encourage  applications from members of traditionally underrepresented groups. [r] florida embry riddle aeronautical u