georgia tech digital media tenure track position georgia tech's school of literature, media, and communication (lmc), which provides diverse humanistic perspectives  on a technological world, is seeking to fill one digital media tenure track position at the rank of assistant  professor, beginning fall of 2013. we seek practitioner /theorists who combine technical expertise with a strong  grounding in the arts and humanities.candidates should be prepared to teach at the undergraduate and graduate  level in lmc's computational media and digital media programs. a ph.d. in an appropriate field is required  (e.g. digital media /arts, human centered computing, computer science, education, or design), as is computational  proficiency and a demonstrated capacity for significant original research/creative work. potential to secure external  research funding is strongly desirable. preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate expertise in one or  more of the following fields with a strong preference for candidates in the first two areas: * civic and public media examines the ways in which digital media technologies fit into the fabric of culture and civic life. potential areas  of focus include: visualization and information design, urban informatics, digital activism, and the investigation of  digital media use to support local needs. * knowledge and creativity investigates the role of digital media technologies in creative practices, learning, and the production of knowledge.  potential areas of focus include: creativity support tools, informational visualization, e-textiles, ai-based art, design  cognition, games for learning, new models of media-based learning, or computational tools for scientific discovery. * arts and entertainment explores how digital media technologies can enhance, expand, and reconfigure arts and entertainment. potential  areas of focus include: digital performance, games, interactive narrative, and information visualization. NA a cv, and a link to a targeted online portfolio or work sample (website or pdf). applications should be addressed  to chair, search committee, school of literature, media, and communication and emailed as a single pdf to  hiring@ lmc .gatech .edu. review of applications will begin november 16 and continue until the position is filled.  the georgia institute of technology is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. minority candidates are  encouraged to apply. for more information about the school, please visit http:// lmc .gatech .edu. oglethorpe u english 