the department of english college of humanities, university of arizona announces the position of department head the english  department seeks a distinguished scholar/creative writer to lead this large, diverse, and dynamic  department. the department includes two undergraduate majors (english,  creative writing) and four graduate  programs (creative writing mfa in three genres; english  language/linguistics ma; literature ma/phd;  rhetoric, composition, and the teaching of english  ma/phd). our department also houses the university wide  writing program. the english  department is home to a vibrant community of scholars, teachers, and writers. the department  NA department administrative functions including, but not  limited to, providing leadership over curriculum and degree programs, temporary and permanent budget considerations,  and long term strategic planning. the candidate must have the interest and ability to plan and budget  personnel and operations. the department head will work with college and university development officers with  respect to fundraising and community engagement. the department head will hold regular departmental meetings,  attend all meetings of college heads and directors, and represent the department at any college, university,  or community functions as appropriate. the successful candidate must have demonstrated abilities as an administrator and a record of working in a collegial  manner with faculty, staff, graduate and undergraduate students, and other constituencies. we are seeking to  expand our established commitment to teaching and serving first generation and non traditional students, and so  we welcome candidates interested in working with diverse students, colleagues, and communities. the department  head should demonstrate a passion for forging interdisciplinary collaborations and hold a vision for working innovatively  with and on behalf of all the programs in the english  department. the university of arizona is a land grant, research intensive university. our location in the southwestern united  states, only 60 miles from mexico and near several native american communities, provides diverse and rich settings  for collaboration with and service to local schools and teachers. minimum qualifications are an earned doctorate in english  or a closely related field, or an mfa in creative writing.  the department head should have an academic record sufficient to be appointed with tenure, preferably at the  rank of full professor. applications should include a letter of interest, a curriculum vita along with a list of at least three references, and  a brief statement of administrative philosophy. applicants should complete the electronic application form (job  51107) on line at:   any inquiries should be addressed to the chair of the search committee:  richard ruiz, head mexican american studies college of social and behavioral sciences university of arizona tucson, az 85721 ruizr@ email .arizona .edu applications will be reviewed starting on november 26, 2012 until position is filled. for further information please  call (520) 621 7551. the university of arizona is an eeo/aa employer.  women and minorities are strongly urged to apply. [r]