kean university, a comprehensive new jersey state university, is seeking faculty for its extension program in wenzhou,  china. launched in 2012, the program is offered temporarily on the campus of and in partnership with  wenzhou university while the university prepares for the establishment of a full branch campus and constructs a  new campus of its own at a nearby site. for 2013, wenzhou kean university programs will comprise five baccalaureate  majors: english  (writing option), computer science, finance, accounting (with emphasis on international  standards and practices) and international business management. all instruction is in english  for chinese students   of traditional college entering age (18) who have studied english  throughout their primary and secondary education  and who have scored high on the chinese national exam for english  language proficiency. all lectureships are  full time, annually renewable assignments, effective september 1, 2013. experienced teachers and active scholars or writers to teach extended hours first year composition along with  related supplemental courses in major specific as well as cross disciplinary (general education) written and oral  NA writing, rhetoric, composition studies, tesl tefl or a related  discipline and a minimum of one year of teaching experience at the post secondary level required. doctorate  preferred. additional qualifications or experience in computer science, finance, accounting or management preferred  for faculty teaching supplemental courses focusing on the literature, terminology and professional discourse  of those majors. review of applications will begin immediately and continue until positions are filled. send letter of interest and  resume including names and contact information for three professional references by email to: wenzhou kean  university search committee chairperson, at vpaa@ kean .edu..................................................... specify position sought in subject heading. official  transcripts for all degrees and three current letters of recommendation are required before appointment. salary  is competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. a comprehensive benefits package including  travel, housing and relocation allowances is available. contingent on budgetary approval and appropriated  funding. king's c london english  language & lit, strand campus london wc2r 2ls united kingdom