the college of liberal arts and sciences at the university of illinois at chicago is seeking candidates for a senior  scholar position at the full or advanced associate professor rank in post colonial sexualities queer studies beginning  NA focusing on the ways that contemporary and historical notions of race, racial ideology, and racial politics manifest   in how the body is represented, inhabited and regulated. the position in post colonial sexualities studies will  focus on the racialized body as a nexus where intimate forms of power that emerge out of gender and sexual relations  intersect with imperial power and colonial legacies. scholars who adopt an intersectional perspective will be  strongly considered. disciplinary home at uic is open to a range of possibilities including english,  departments  in the social sciences, including anthropology, sociology, political science or economics and or one of the inter  disciplinary units such as african american studies, latin american and latino studies, asian american studies  NA expected to teach undergraduate and graduate classes; conduct research that has the potential to result in publication;  advise students at the graduate level; and provide service as appropriated to the department, the university and  the profession. salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, phd or equivalent degree required. for full consideration,  please submit your materials by december 21, 2012. applicants should complete an on line application with  the contact information for three references at   and submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae and writing samples. the final authorization of this position is  subject to availability of state funding. NA areas. it is a comprehensive public university with a diverse student body of more than 25,000 undergraduate,  graduate, and professional students. women and members of minority groups are especially encouraged to apply. questions about the position can be directed to rachel leamon at rleamon@ las .uic .edu. the university of illinois at chicago is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer.  [r] indiana ball su english, 