salem state university is a comprehensive, publicly supported institution of higher learning located approximately  15 miles north of boston, massachusetts. the university enrolls over 10,000 undergraduate and graduate students   representing 27 states and 65 nations, and is one of the largest state universities in the commonwealth of massachusetts.  its mission is to educate and prepare a diverse community of learners to contribute responsibly to our global  society. the english  department at salem state university seeks a faculty member specializing in the study of non-european  literature such as asian, african, and/or diaspora/transnational studies for a full-time, tenure-track position  beginning in september 2013. the ideal candidate must also be qualified to teach courses in the department's english  teacher licensure programs on both the undergraduate and graduate levels. the standard teaching load is eight  classes per year (four classes per semester). subject to available funding; required qualifications include: (1) the ph.d. in comparative literature, english,  or a doctorate in related disciplines,  with training in english  NA progress towards the dissertation will also be considered; (2) familiarity with accreditation processes, and assessment  and rubric design (3) college-level teaching experience; (4) demonstrable evidence of strong promise as a  scholar in non-european literature and/or english  education is expected. preferred qualifications include: (1) experience/expertise in teaching with multimodal literacies; (2) experience in  and a commitment to teaching in a multicultural, multiracial environment with students of diverse backgrounds  and learning styles; (3) experience in distance learning and instructional technologies. to see the full list of benefits, review the complete job description and to apply online, please visit https:// jobs  NA should be sent to: human resources and equal opportunity, 352 lafayette street, salem, ma 01970. original  transcripts will be required prior to hire. letters of recommendation will be requested of final candidates. salem state university is an equal opportunity/affirmative actionemployer.  persons of color, women and persons with disabilities are strongly urged to  apply. u of massachusetts, boston english, 