NA tenure track; nine month appointment to begin august 2013, pending position clearance and funding. duties: the successful candidate will develop and teach nine credits per semester primarily in 200 level introductory  rhetoric courses aimed at non english  majors, and in eng100. secondarily, the candidate will teach  upper division courses for english  majors. the 200 level courses will likely offer an even balance of rhetorical  theory and practice, and aim at teaching students to successfully recognize, and participate in, a variety of discourse  communities. the candidate will also be expected to maintain an active research agenda, and to participate actively  in department and university service. minimum qualifications: doctorate in english  from an accredited university specializing in rhetoric and  composition. documented active research agenda. strong background in writing across the curriculum, and in  writing assessment. documented experience teaching courses populated mainly by students of diverse backgrounds. desired qualifications: experience teaching a range of upper division advanced rhetoric courses. research  specialization in writing instruction for students of diverse backgrounds. a strong background in poetry,  with experience teaching poetry workshops. salary range: minimum annual salary $60,000.00. to apply: a complete application must include a cover letter explaining how minimum and desirable qualifications  are met, letters of recommendation from at least three references, contact information for at least three references,  official transcripts (copies are acceptable for application; originals will be required for employment), and a  current cv. all application materials must be postmarked by december 19th, 2012, whereupon they become the  property of the university. except for the recommendation letters, all applications must be composed and prepared  in their entirety and sent in hard copy form by the applicant. applications prepared and distributed by some other  service will not be considered. electronic submissions will not be considered. application address: rhetoric search, department of english,  humanities division, university of  NA inquiries: dr. mark panek; (808) 974 7476; mpanek@ hawaii .edu application deadline: closing date for applications is december 19, 2012 NA d/m/v/w NA english, 