the department of english  invites applications for a tenure-track position in american literature (any period) and  ethnic american literatures (with emphasis on african-american literature, asian american literature, latino/a  american literature and/or native american literature), beginning august 2013. columbus state university offers a student-centered environment in the thriving arts community of columbus,  georgia, about 100 miles southwest of atlanta. csu has enjoyed steady growth in recent years, enrolling more  than 8,400 undergraduate and graduate students. the university offers 46 undergraduate and graduate degrees.  featuring small class sizes, csu offers nationally-accredited programs in art, nursing, music, theatre and teacher  education. the university also offers a variety of online courses and extensive continuing education program. the successful candidate will offer introductory surveys and upper-division courses in these subject areas, as well as  world literature and composition. normal teaching load is three courses per semester. the position requires a phd in american literature (any period) with secondary emphasis in ethnic american  literatures.  review of applications will begin february 15, 2013 and continue until the position has been filled. applications  for part-time and full-time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and official transcripts  must be presented prior to campus visit if selected for interview. applicants must have the ability to meet southern  association of colleges and schools (sacs) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in the  teaching discipline. columbus state university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer,  committed  to diversity in hiring. please e-mail three confidential letters of recommendation that are sent directly from references, university placement  services or other professional services (e.g., interfolio) to hr@ columbusstate .edu....................... or mail to: human resources  office, columbus state university, 4225 university avenue, columbus, georgia 31907. a successful criminal background check will be required as a condition of employment. required documents to submit with online application NA NA NA NA NA NA .peopleadmin .com/. contact information (optional) dr. patrick jackson, department of english,  columbus state university, 4225 university avenue, columbus, ga  31907-5645. phone: (706)-565-3542; e-mail: jackson_ patrick5@ columbusstate .edu emory u