the university of texas at el paso college of liberal arts department of english assistant professor position description: the university of texas at el paso (utep) department of english:  assistant professor,  tenure track, beginning september 1, 2013, specializing in english  education/literacy education with  expertise in elementary, middle school, and/or secondary english  language arts pedagogy. a commitment to excellence  in scholarship, service, and teaching in an english  teacher education program in an urban bilingual, bicultural  NA populations are desirable, as are interest in technology enhanced instruction and grant proposal writing. responsibilities  include conducting an active research agenda and teaching undergraduate and graduate courses including  NA methodology, grammar, and young adult literature. required qualifications: phd or edd in english  education or literacy studies by september 1, 2013. application procedure: review of applications will begin immediately with top priority given to those  received by january 15, 2013. submit letter of application, cv, dossier (or three letters of recommendation), and  NA in the subject line. interviews  at mla are a possible (but not mandatory) part of the application process. about utep & el paso: the university of texas at el paso is an emerging national research university at  the heart of the u.s. mexico border region committed to the ideals of access and excellence. a leader among his  NA the only doctoral research university in the nation with a student body that is a majority mexican american. NA million in research spending a year ranks the university among the top 200 universities in the nation; and its more  than $35 million in federal research spending ranks fourth among all texas public universities. the center for intellectual capital in the region, utep awarded its 100,000th degree since its founding in 1914 at  the may 2011 commencement. a major economic engine in the paso del norte region, utep generates $438 million  in local business volume and contributes over 6,900 jobs and $423 million in household income. utep offers  exciting division i athletic programs; award winning theater, dance, and music programs; several art galleries and a  museum; and continuing and lifelong education programs open to the public. el paso county is a highly livable, bi cultural community of 800,000 people that offers affordable homes and is the  safest large city in the united states. shielded by mountains on three sides, el paso enjoys more than 300 days of  sunshine annually and a dry climate, making it possible to engage in outdoor activities year round. the city of el  paso adjoins both the state of new mexico and the country of mexico, making it one of the largest international  communities in the world. el paso comprises 248 square miles and is the sixth largest city in texas and 19th largest  in the united states. NA recognized chamber music festival, art galleries, history museums, and a full schedule of seasonal festivals and  events. the university of texas at el paso is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the university does not  discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, genetic information, veteran  status, or sexual orientation in employment or the provision of services. contact us: dmeyers@ utep .edu u of texas, tyler