the director of the language learning laboratory (lll) is responsible for the complete administration of the lll educational  resources area. he she ensures the care, welfare and security of all lll equipment and resources. the individual  is responsible to the chair of cmll, and establishes policies and procedures, is responsible for formulating plans for continued  growth, expansion of resources and services, and promotion of lll utilization. the director is also responsible for  recruitment, hiring, supervision and training of lll personnel. the director has responsibility for the cmll digital humanities lab (dhl) and develops strategic goals and promotional  campaigns for this resource. he she oversees all aspects of the dhl's utilization, equipment maintenance and  access. the successful candidate will be expected to provide technological support to faculty and students in cmll, and provide  faculty with both technical and pedagogical advice. the director will train faculty and students in the use of software and  equipment, introduce new software and technological devices. this is a full time, non tenure track position. qualifications include: at least a master's degree in applied linguistics or  instructional technology, with experience in call and cmc. preference given to candidates with proficiency in a second  language. apply online at jobs .texastech .edu requisition # 87812. send letter of application, cv and three letters of reference to lloyd allred, department of classical and modern languages  and literatures, texas tech university, po box 42071, lubbock, texas, 79400 2071. review of applications begins  february 1, 2013, but applications will continue to be accepted until the position is filled. as an affirmative action  equal opportunity employer,  texas tech university is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse staff committed  to teaching and working in a multicultural environment. texas tech university does not discriminate on the basis of   race, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, sex, disability, or status as a u.s. veteran. we welcome applications  from all qualified candidates and consider the needs of dual career couples. u of texas, austin english,  parlin 108 1 university stn, b5000 austin tx 78712