the department of english  at the university of calgary invites applications for a tier two canada research chair  in creative writing. this appointment will be a tenure track position at the assistant or associate professor level. we are seeking an emerging scholar with a phd. as per crc regulations, the applicants must be less than 10 years  from their phd. the chair holder will be an outstanding emerging researcher who has a strong record of publication  and is pursuing an original, innovative research program. this candidate should also have the potential to  attract top ranked graduate students to the department. the successful candidate will contribute not only to the  department, but to the cultural and intellectual life of the faculty, the university, and the community at large. the department of english  at the university of calgary is the only english  speaking university in canada that  offers a phd in english  with a specialization in creative writing. we are one of the most dynamic research and  teaching departments in canada, with thriving ma and phd programs and a strong undergraduate program. the  university of calgary has set its sights on becoming a top five research intensive university in canada by our 50th  anniversary in 2016. calgary, recently named one of the world's five most livable cities by the economist, is a  vibrant creative centre, and hosts an exciting community of writers. we encourage applications from all qualified  women and men, including members of visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, and persons with disabilities. for  more information about the department, see our home page:   ucalgary.ca. NA progress, and a sample publication. candidates should arrange to have three confidential letters of reference forwarded  directly to: dr. bart beaty, head department of english university of calgary 2500 university drive nw calgary, alberta t2n 1n4 or by e mail to the department manager, anne jaggard: jaggard@ ucalgary .ca consideration of applications will begin on february 22, 2013. the selected candidate will be vetted by the canada  research chair committee in ottawa. for more information on the canada research chairs program, please  see   the position will be effective as early as july 1, 2013 or a later date mutually agreed upon. the university of calgary is a leading canadian university located in the nation's most enterprising city. the university  has a clear strategic direction eyes high to become one of canada's top five research universities by 2016,  grounded in innovative learning and teaching and fully integrated with the community of calgary. for more information,  visit ucalgary.ca. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  the university of calgary respects, appreciates, and encourages diversity.  u of toronto