 the college of arts & sciences at the university of new haven invites applications for a dynamic senior scholar  with a record of publication in postcolonial literature and/or a related field at the rank of associate or full professor  to serve as the chair of our emerging english  department beginning in august 2013. we are seeking a leader  who will mentor our active junior faculty, bring creativity and enthusiasm to our ongoing curriculum revision,  and increase partnerships with other departments and divisions within the university. the successful candidate  will have an interest in creating opportunities for cross-disciplinary study and experiential learning, enhancing the  academic experience of undergraduate students in literature, writing, and secondary education. the candidate will  also demonstrate a clear commitment to our first-year writing program. in addition to teaching, full-time faculty  at unh contribute to ongoing department and university activities including serving on committees and advising  students.  minimum qualifications include ph.d. in english  with specialization in postcolonial literature and/or a related  field and documented experience in an academic leadership role, including the mentorship of both undergraduate  students and department faculty. additionally, candidates should provide evidence of excellence in teaching, an active  record of productive scholarship, commitment to campus service, and the ability to foster collegiality among  faculty, staff, and administrators. submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, contact information for three references, and a writing sample to search  NA or via email to hrdept@ newhaven .edu............................................................................ (electronic submission of materials is strongly encouraged). review of applications  will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. conveniently located near downtown new haven, the university provides employees with a comprehensive benefit  package and a professional, productive and pleasant work environment. women and minority candidates are  encouraged to apply. the university of new haven is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. u of new haven