NA NA the college of arts & sciences at the university of new haven invites applications for a dynamic senior scholar  with a record of publication in postcolonial literature and/or a related field at the rank of associate or full professor  to serve as the chair of our emerging english  department beginning in august 2013. we are seeking a leader  who will mentor our active junior faculty, bring creativity and enthusiasm to our ongoing curriculum revision,  and increase partnerships with other departments and divisions within the university. the successful candidate  will have an interest in creating opportunities for cross disciplinary study and experiential learning, enhancing the  academic experience of undergraduate students in literature, writing, and secondary education. the candidate will  also demonstrate a clear commitment to our first year writing program. in addition to teaching, full time faculty  at unh contribute to ongoing department and university activities including serving on committees and advising  students. minimum qualifications include ph.d. in english  with specialization in postcolonial literature and/or a related  field and documented experience in an academic leadership role, including the mentorship of both undergraduate  students and department faculty. additionally, candidates should provide evidence of excellence in teaching, an active  record of productive scholarship, commitment to campus service, and the ability to foster collegiality among  faculty, staff, and administrators. submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, contact information for three references, and a writing sample to search  NA or via email to hrdept@ newhaven .edu.............................................................................. you must include the search # in the subject line of your email to be considered  for the position. review of applications will begin immediately. to be guaranteed consideration, applications  must be received prior to november 27, 2012.  the university of new haven is a private, top tier comprehensive university recognized as a national leader in  experiential education. founded in 1920, the university has an 80 acre main campus, along with satellite campuses  located throughout the state and abroad. unh has an enrollment of approximately 6,400, including nearly 1,800  graduate students and more than 4,600 undergraduates the majority of whom reside in university housing. the  university offers 75 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in the arts and sciences, business, criminal justice,  engineering and forensic sciences. conveniently located near downtown new haven, the university provides  employees with a comprehensive benefit package and a professional, productive and pleasant work environment.  women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. the university of new haven is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. district of columbia george washington u english,  801 22 st nw, rm 760 washington dc 20052