NA is growing and requires outstanding faculty in several disciplines to start by august 2013. for details, please visit  www .scgssm .org. as part of our expansion, we are seeking an exceptional english  NA ph.d. preferred, in american or english  literature, and a love of teaching. desired qualifications include a  strong content background in literature and composition and experience in teaching english  at college or advanced  high school levels, knowledge and application of technology, an understanding of gifted learners, and enthusiasm  for teaching motivated and talented high school aged students. general academic advising, student activity advising,  and occasional evening weekend commitments are a regular part of faculty responsibilities. current university level courses taught at gssm include junior english  and senior english  (advanced placement  english  literature and composition), special topics in dramatic literature, introduction to film, writing prose  nonfiction, and studies in the evolution of the hero, along with independent studies. gssm encourages the introduction  of new courses. courses offered will vary each semester depending on the interests and expertise of  instructors, and on student interest. this is a full time (10 month) state of south carolina position, with full benefits available. a public school teaching  certificate is not required. salary is competitive and commensurate with credentials, experience and unique  capabilities. gssm offers a wonderful teaching environment with motivated and talented students in a residential  setting. to learn more, please visit our website at www .scgssm .org. gssm is recognized among the top public elite high schools in the nation. we are a statewide, public residential  high school for 11th and 12th graders specializing in the advanced study of science and mathematics. historically,  gssm has maintained a 9:1 student to faculty ratio. nearly 80% of the faculty members have earned doctoral degrees.  NA please apply electronically. forward a cover letter, resume and teaching statement, along with the gssm application  (available on our website). forward all materials to email address: gssmpersonnel@ gssm .k12 .sc .us NA in the subject line. the s.c. gssm is an equal opportunity employer.  south dakota u of south dakota english,  414 e clark st, 212 dakota hall vermillion sd 57069