 in order to broaden and deepen its commitment to catholic scholarship and teaching, depaul university intends to make  NA for this position we seek someone with expertise either in catholicism and literature or in contemporary catholic biblical  scholarship. 1. catholicism and literature we welcome applications from persons whose research and teaching engage catholicism and literature broadly construed;  we are open to scholars focusing on american literature, comparative peoples world literatures, or combinations subsets  thereof. as an interdisciplinary department, we encourage applications from persons whose work explores catholic literature  (considered by itself or in dialogue with other traditions of christian literature, e.g., orthodox christianity, protestantism)  from a variety of perspectives, disciplines or traditions. persons able to teach in other programs departments  (e.g., english,  creative writing, comparative literature) are encouraged to identify their interests in these areas. 2. biblical studies we welcome applications from scripture scholars who combine advanced research tools and methods with expertise in the  history and theology of exegesis in the catholic tradition. persons specializing in the hebrew bible or new testament are  welcome to apply. we are especially interested in persons whose research and teaching complement the work of an interdisciplinary  department and faculty. the department of catholic studies is an interdisciplinary department (involving historians, theologians, social scientists,  humanities scholars and others) committed to high quality undergraduate teaching both in its major and through  the university's liberal studies program. depaul is the largest catholic university in the united states, noted for its diverse  student body and commitment to community engagement. depaul is committed to recruiting a diverse faculty to complement  the diversity of its student body and chicago area communities. we encourage members of underrepresented groups  to apply. please apply online at the following url: facultyopportunities .depaul .edu  applicants  central?quickfind=51012 applicants should electronically submit a formal letter of application describing one's present and future research agendas  [cover letter], a curriculum vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness [teaching evaluations], a sample of scholarly work  [writing sample 1], and names of three academic references. the committee will begin reviewing applications on march 7,  2013. please do not send applications via e mail. the doctoral degree should be in hand by the time of appointment (september,  2013). please direct queries to dr. michael budde, chair, department of catholic studies, (mbudde@ depaul .edu). [r] lake forest c english, 