suny oneonta invites applications for the founding dean of the school of arts and humanities in the newly  restructured division of academic affairs. this position is a full time, twelve month appointment, with an anticipated  starting date on or about july 01, 2013. the school is organized into six departments comprised of art and  computer art, english,  foreign languages and literatures, music, philosophy, and theatre. the dean will report  to the provost and vice president for academic affairs. the dean will provide strategic leadership for all programs  in the school of arts and humanities and will promote and support activities that advance teaching, learning and  scholarship. he/she will lead the faculty, staff and students to articulate a shared vision, mission and goals for the  newly created school of arts and humanities. the dean will demonstrate an understanding of the complex challenges  in higher education and will collaborate with faculty to create innovative solutions and programs. the dean  will advocate for the school to internal and external constituencies and promote the objectives and reputation of  NA that prepare students to be responsible, productive, informed and reflective citizens, scholars, and creative leaders.  he/she is also expected to work collaboratively with academic units across the campus to foster an interdisciplinary  environment within the wider campus community. he/she will maintain close connections with students and  faculty and will be responsible for teaching one class each academic year. the dean must demonstrate a commitment  to academic excellence, scholarship, student success, diversity, transparency and shared governance. suny  oneonta is a comprehensive, public, liberal arts and sciences college with 6,000 students and 1,200 employees. the  college is ranked as one of the 50 best regional universities in the north by u.s. news & world report. to learn  more about the college please visit www .oneonta .edu. preference will be given to candidates who have experience  working with and serving diverse populations. for a complete description of this position go to: www .oneonta .edu/ employment. to apply online, go to:   for other employment and regional opportunities, please visit our website at: www .oneonta .edu/ employment. suny oneonta values a diverse college community. please visit our website on diversity at: www .oneonta .edu/  home/ diversity .asp. moreover, the college is an eeo/aa/ada employer.  women, persons of color, and persons  with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  su of new york, c at potsdam english 