description: the division of liberal arts of the university of the arts seeks a full time faculty member to  teach within and direct its new b.a. in film and media studies. the program combines creative studio courses in  film, animation, and writing with intensive study of the history, aesthetics, and social implications of film and allied  media forms. the program admits its first entering class in fall 2013. NA to an innovative arts education that encourages transmedia and interdisciplinary exploration and collaboration  within and across its degree programs in visual, literary, and performing arts and design. this commitment is  especially evident in the film & media studies program, which blends film making with film study. this faculty  member will: NA studies. NA academic coursework within the division of liberal arts. NA NA NA NA requirements: ph.d. or equivalent in film, communication, and/or media studies, with a record of scholarly  publication and teaching experience. rank, load, and contract start date: advanced assistant or associate professor, depending on  experience (three year initial appointment), teaching 6 courses annually; administrative release negotiable. appointment  commences september 1, 2013. to apply: qualified applicants should submit letters of application, curriculum vitae, samples of scholarly writing,  and the names of three references by e mail attachment to fmsdirector@ uarts .edu. applications received by  friday, december 7, will receive fullest consideration. preliminary interviews will be conducted at the modern  NA about the university of the arts: the university of the arts, located in the heart of center city  philadelphia, is one of the only universities in the united states solely dedicated to educating creative individuals in  the visual, literary, and performing arts and design. our 2,100 undergraduates and graduate students and 500 faculty  members bring passion to what they do, and in the process redefine how we think, teach, and create. the university of the arts is an equal opportunityemployer  [r] west chester u english,  720 s high st main hall 532 west chester pa 19383