company description: roger williams university, located in bristol, r.i., is a leading independent, coeducational university with programs  in the liberal arts and the professions, where students become community and globally minded citizens  through project based, experiential learning. offering 43 majors and a plethora of co curricular activities as well as  study abroad options, rwu is dedicated to the success of students, commitment to a set of core values, the pursuit  of affordable excellence, and to providing a relevant, world class education above all else. in the last decade, the  university has achieved unprecedented successes including recognition as one of the best colleges in the nation by  forbes, a college of distinction by student horizons, inc. and as both a best college in the northeast and one of  NA roger williams university is committed to creating and supporting an intellectual community devoted to teaching  and learning and providing the opportunity for personal and intellectual growth for students, faculty and staff.  the university credits much of that growth and success to the hard work and dedication of its employees. job description: the department of english  literature and creative writing in the feinstein college of arts and sciences seeks  a tenure track assistant professor of english  literature to teach introductory literature courses, courses in global  literature in translation (preferably asian an or middle eastern literatures), other english  courses (e.g. american  literature, british literature, critical theory), and the literature philosophy course in the university core curriculum  program (core 104). primary responsibilities include teaching at the undergraduate level, academic advising, scholarly and professional  activities, and institutional service. additional information: for additional information regarding this position, please contact: professor james tackach chair of the department of english  literature and creative writing jtackach@ rwu .edu (401) 254 3234 roger williams university is an equal employment opportunity employer  committed to inclusive excellence and  encourages applications from underrepresented populations. application instructions: qualified applicants should submit materials electronically, including: 1) a letter of intent along with statements of  teaching philosophy and areas of expertise; 2) a current vita; 3) names and contact information of at least three references;  4) a sample syllabus of a course in global world literatures.  review of applications will begin january 22, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. requirements: the assistant professor of english  literature, tenure track, will have a specialization in global literatures with the  ability to teach other english  courses as well as a literature philosophy course in the university's core program. all tenure track rwu faculty members must demonstrate effectiveness in the following four categories: 1) teaching;  2) scholarly, professional and or creative activities; 3) academic advising and program development and 4) institutional  and or community service.  required qualifications include a ph.d. in english  or comparative literature by august, 2013, experience teaching  global literatures, evidence of teaching excellence, and expertise in academic advising. u of rhode island english,  114 swan hall 60 upper college rd kingston ri 02881