the department of english  at valdosta state university invites applications for the tenure-track position of assistant  professor of english  with a specialization in late nineteenth-and early twentieth-century  american literature.  position begins in august 1, 2013. in addition to teaching graduate and undergraduate courses in area of expertise,  responsibilities include research leading to publication and service at the department, college, and university levels.  teaching experience in composition and world literature is also helpful. salary is commensurate with qualifications  NA deadline is january 18, 2013. with over 200 majors, we offer a broad-based curriculum, leading to a bachelor of arts in english,  in which  NA program offers emphases in literature and rhetoric and composition. regardless of your classification or track, all  english  majors enjoy a genuine liberal arts experience, pursuing studies in literature, composition, creative writing,  and linguistics, with ample opportunity for introductory and upper-division coursework outside the major.  we also offer challenging undergraduate minors in all four tracks. valdosta state university is a regional university  serving 41 counties in south georgia. valdosta msa has approximately 130,000 people, is located just north of the  florida state line on interstate 75, is served by a regional airport, and is within a two-hour drive of jacksonville and  tallahassee, florida. for more information on the university visit http:// www .valdosta .edu or the community visit  http:// www .valdostachamber .com. online application required at https:// valdosta .peopleadmin .com/ postings/ 1252. for more information call 229- 333-5946 or email marksmit@ valdosta .edu.......................................................................... valdosta state university is an equal opportunity educational institution  and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. in that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving  applications from a broad spectrum of people, including, but not limited to, minorities, and individuals with disabilities.  valdosta state university has a non-discrimination policy that includes sex, race, color, sexual orientation,  religion, age, marital status, national origin, disability, and veteran status. [r]  NA NA english, 