 with generous support from the andrew w. mellon foundation, dickinson college invites applications for a postdoctoral  NA fellow will work as a catalyst for faculty innovation by planning, promoting, and implementing strategies to encourage  faculty discourse about pedagogy, e-learning tools, and the integration of digital media into teaching and scholarship. the  postdoctoral fellowship is an academic appointment reporting to the dean of the college through the faculty chair of the  digital humanities advisory committee, but the fellow will be housed alongside the academic technology staff in the  library and information services division. the fellow will a) teach one or two courses each year within his or her area  of academic specialty; b) guide and participate in workshops for arts, humanities, and humanistic social science faculty  regarding disciplinary use of digital tools for curricular and research purposes; and c) work with lis staff to train students  to use digital tools and technologies in order to prepare them for significant student-faculty research collaborations. the  fellow will be eligible for internal grants for pedagogical innovation, as well as standard faculty support for travel and professional  development. the salary will be $50,000 plus benefits. dickinson college is a private, highly selective, liberal arts  college located within two hours of major research institutions and metropolitan areas. the fellow must normally have received the phd by july 1, 2013, and within the last three years, and not have held a tenure- track position. candidates should be conducting research that requires demonstrated expertise in the use of digital  humanities in their scholarly field. review of applications will begin on march 8, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled. please apply to http:// jobs .dickinson .edu............................................................................................................. with a letter of interest and cv that includes the names and contact information of three references. questions  may be directed to christopher francese, chair of the digital humanities advisory committee, francese@ dickinson .edu. the college is committed to building a representative and diverse faculty, administrative staff, and student body. we encourage  applications from all qualified persons. [r] east tennessee su lit & lang, po box 70683 johnson city tn 37614