emory university, atlanta, ga. law, ethics and society. assistant professor (tenure track), beginning  fall 2013. four courses per year, beginning undergraduate to graduate level. usual advising, committee, and other  non teaching duties. phd required. this position is one of several new faculty appointments in the humanities made possible by support from the andrew  w. mellon foundation. these interdisciplinary appointments seek to bridge humanistic inquiry with other  disciplines by applying its traditional principles to new fields of study; by examining traditional areas of research  and teaching by means of new approaches; and by exporting principles of humanistic inquiry across not only the  humanities but the academy much more broadly. we seek scholars whose work reflects on the origins, institutional frameworks, and philosophical foundations of  the relations among law, ethics, and society: what the law is, how it has come to be, and what it ought to be in the  wider context of society. within this broad area, we are especially interested in receiving applications from individuals  who focus on legal narratives and law as literature; citizenship, nationality, and/or non citizenship within the  united states or within a transnational or comparative perspective; or gender, sexuality, race, social class, disability,  and/or other identities within the united states or from a transnational perspective. it is expected that successful applicants will have a tenure home in a humanities department, but the successful  applicant will have research and teaching interests that are broadly interdisciplinary (perhaps bridging different  colleges within the university). this position is open to scholars across the humanities and arts, including all literatures  and language departments, history and all area studies, philosophy, religion, women's, gender, and sexuality  studies, african american studies, film and media studies, and legal studies. review of applications begins december 1, 2012; applications received before december 15, 2012 will be given  full consideration. applications must include a cover letter and a current cv. send applications electronically to  mellon4@ emory .edu, addressed to professor lynne huffer, chair, mellon law, ethics, and society search, emory  university, atlanta, ga 30322. nominations are invited. emory university is an equal opportunity/affirmative  action employer,  and actively seeks applications from women and minorities. [r] emory u