the college of liberal arts at the university of texas at arlington invites applications and nominations for the  position of chair, department of english. the university of texas at arlington is the second largest of the fifteen campus university of texas system. the  university is a comprehensive teaching, research, and public service university organized into eleven colleges and  schools offering 80 baccalaureate, 71 masters, and 31 doctoral programs to over 33,500 students. the chair of the english  department provides administrative leadership for the department. the chair reports to  the dean of the college of liberal arts and serves on the appropriate academic, technological and administrative  councils. the chair will provide strategic planning and policy direction for the english  department as well as innovative  leadership in forming new research directions for the department. the english  department offers a comprehensive interdisciplinary program of traditional literary studies in conjunction  with rhetorical studies. the english  department faculty is composed of experts in various fields of rhetoric,  literature, and theory. the department features some of the foremost scholars in rhetoric and composition,  nineteenth century  literature and culture, utopian studies, animal studies, interdisciplinary studies, environmental  studies, and ethnic studies as well as other fields of english  studies. in addition to approximately 150 ma and phd  students, the department serves approximately 350 majors and offers several minors. the ideal candidate must have a ph.d., and academic and professional credentials must include an outstanding record  of academic and scholarly achievement sufficient for appointment as an associate or full professor with tenure  in the english  department. minimum professional qualifications for the position include the ability to provide administrative  leadership in such areas as strategic planning, budget management, personnel management, and aiding  faculty members in professional development. the committee will continue to accept applications and nominations until the position is filled. screening of  candidates will begin immediately. for best consideration applications should be provided by december 14, 2012.  an application should include a letter describing relevant experience and interest in the position; curriculum vitae/ resume; and names, titles and contact information of five references. electronic submission of candidate materials in  adobe format is preferred. individuals wishing to place names in nomination should submit electronically a letter  of nomination to include the name, position, address, and telephone number of the nominee. greenwood/asher &  associates is assisting the university in the search. applications and letters of nominations should be submitted to: dr. jan greenwood or dr. betty asher greenwood/asher & associates, inc. 42 business center drive, suite 206, miramar beach, fl 32550 phone: 850.650.2277 fax: 850.650.2272 email: jangreenwood@ greenwoodsearch .com email: bettyasher@ greenwoodsearch .com the university of texas at arlington is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  all qualified applicants  will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, national origin, religion, age,  sex, disabilities, veteran status, or sexual orientation. all positions at the university require a criminal background   check. employment offers are contingent upon the results of the criminal background check. ut arlington is a  tobacco free campus. [r] u of texas, austin english, 