unc charlotte invites applications for the position of coordinator of the writing resources center (wrc) with  tenure track appointment at the rank of assistant professor in the department of english.  administratively, the  writing resources center, the first year writing program, and the charlotte site of the national writing project  are newly consolidated as a free standing unit of the college of liberal arts and sciences. the wrc serves as a  resource for writers across the university. applicants must have an earned doctorate in rhetoric and composition or a related field. applicants must also have  undergraduate teaching experience, a record of research publication, and a commitment to promoting diversity in  the department and college. experience in graduate teaching and experience in writing center tutoring and administration  are preferred. additional expertise in ell and/or instructional technology is desirable. responsibilities include: NA NA NA NA NA NA NA fastest growing metropolitan areas on an expanding modern campus. one of sixteen campuses in one of the  oldest public university systems in the united states, unc charlotte offers over 26,000 culturally diverse students  a wide range of undergraduate and graduate degree programs. the college of liberal arts and sciences houses 20  departments in the humanities, social and behavioral sciences, physical sciences, and military sciences, as well as  eight research centers and institutes and 13 interdisciplinary programs. since first year writing and the wrc are  a newly constructed unit, our website is not yet complete. but for additional information about the writing resources  center, visit its current site at   please apply on line at   names of three references. applications received by november 15, 2012 are assured full consideration although recruitment  will continue until the position is filled. unc charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which  the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained. therefore, we celebrate diversity that includes, but is not  limited to, ability/disability, age, culture, ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socio  economic status. applicants subject to criminal background check. aa/eoe. [r]  ohio baldwin wallace u english, 