faculty positions department: anthropology and english position: college associate lecturer  start date: august 19, 2013 duties:  joint appointment in anthropology (51%) and english  49%), teaching four courses per semester in the linguistics  program, along with service duties as assigned. the position is annually renewable for an additional five years  based upon satisfactory performance, programmatic needs, and university financial resources. after a comprehen  sive sixth year review, the appointee will be eligible for two successive three year appointments and six year appointments  thereafter. qualifications:  minimum: minimum qualifications are a phd in linguistics, english,  or anthropology with a specialization in  linguistic anthropology; college teaching experience; oral proficiency in english  at the superior level according to  actfl standards; ability to teach core and elective courses in our linguistics b.a. program (including introduction  to linguistics, morphology and syntax, phonology, language and meaning, traditional grammar, introduction  to the english  language, and anthropological/sociolinguistics). preferred: preferred qualifications include documented excellence in teaching; expressed commitment to contributing  to the life of the university primarily through teaching and service; experience teaching introduction to  linguistics, morphology and syntax, phonology, semantics, and socio/anthropological linguistics; experience teaching  future secondary school teachers of english;  experience with heritage/refugee ethnolinguistics; interest in and  ability to develop and conduct a summer linguistics field school with focus on the heritage ethnolinguistic communities  of greater cleveland.  applications: send letter of application (addressing pedagogical experience, teaching philosophy, and career plans), current c.v.,  graduate transcripts, summary documentation of teaching evaluations, and three letters of recommendation (sent  under separate cover). review of applications will begin on january 14, 2013 and continue until the position is  filled. hiring is contingent on maintaining existing levels of funding from the state. address:  linguistics lecturer search committee chair  dept. of anthropology cleveland state university 2121 euclid avenue cleveland, oh 44115 salary:  commensurate with experience cleveland state university is a major public urban university with a diverse population of 17,000 students. it is  located within walking distance of downtown business and entertainment centers, and is just minutes away from  cleveland's world class museums and orchestra. cleveland state university is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  minorities, women, and persons  with disabilities are encouraged to apply. cleveland su