the lgbt studies program at hobart and william smith colleges invites applications for a temporary, open-rank  position (ph.d./abd required) beginning july 1, 2013. this is a full-time, one year position with the possibility of  renewal for a second year. we will consider candidates from a range of disciplinary backgrounds (natural sciences,  social sciences, humanities) with expertise in lgbt and/or queer studies. areas of specialization may include, but  are not limited to: queer science; literary theory and criticism; sexual science; health or medicine; political and social  movements; society and cultures; dis/ability studies; and transgender studies. teaching responsibilities include  six courses per year, and successful candidates will teach core courses in the interdisciplinary lgbt studies program  NA undergraduate lgbt studies program in the nation, and its continued development remains a priority as the fields  of lgbt studies and queer studies evolve and expand. for this reason, candidates will be expected to assist in the  development and reformulation of the curriculum, where and as needed. review of applications will begin on december 30, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. please send a letter  of application and curriculum vitae and arrange to have three letters of recommendation sent to: c/o james-henry holland, co-chair  lesbian gay bisexual and transgendered studies program hobart and william smith colleges 300 pulteney street (stern hall) geneva, ny 14456 eoe hobart and william smith colleges are committed to attracting and supporting faculty and staff that fully represent  the racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from under-represented  groups. the colleges do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin,  NA hobart and william smith colleges are a highly selective residential liberal arts institution located in a small, diverse  city in the finger lakes region of new york state. with an enrollment of approximately 2,200, the colleges  offer 62 majors and minors from which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be an interdisciplinary  program. creative and extensive programs of international study and public service are also at the core  NA iona c english,  32 hubert pl new rochelle ny 10801