the department of english  of the university of alabama seeks applications for an assistant professor in the clinical lecturer  faculty track, with primary expertise in the teaching of expository writing in a first year writing program. a terminal  degree in an appropriate field is required. the successful applicant will teach a 4 4 load, mainly in the first year writing  program, but with the possibility of occasional teaching in literature or creative writing. the assignment will include service  responsibilities, typically within the fwp. the position is full time, 9 month, 3 year, non tenure track, but with possibilities  both of renewal and of promotion. NA april 2013 departmental job listings note: an [r] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with mla policy  NA  the most important criterion for cltf appointment and promotion is outstanding teaching ability including classroom  presence, knowledge of the discipline and specific subject area, as well as current instructional pedagogy. cltf are not  required to engage in the preparation and publication of original scholarship. requirements: an appropriate terminal degree in hand by august 16, 2013, and evidence of excellence in the teaching of  expository writing in the context of a first year writing program. candidates for this position must visit the university of alabama website at   and upload various materials. the online application will include the following documents: (1) a cover letter outlining  qualifications (including fwp courses prepared to teach, list of innovative teaching practices); (2) a current c.v.;  (3) a statement of teaching philosophy; (4) sample course syllabi; (5) evidence of teaching effectiveness (e.g., summary of  numerical and narrative student evaluations, peer or supervisor observations); and (6) evidence of instructional development  (e.g., teaching related workshops attended, teaching related conferences and presentations). three to four letters of  recommendation should be sent directly to the chair of the search committee, professor patti white, dept. of english,  box  870244, the university of alabama, tuscaloosa, al 35487 0244. after initial review, a subset of applicants will be asked  to submit a sample of academic writing no more than 25 pages in length, and academic transcripts. review of applications  will begin on february 1, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled. prior to hiring, the final candidate will be required  to successfully pass a pre employment background investigation. the university of alabama is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  women and minorities are encouraged  to apply. [r] california azusa pacific u english, 