assistant or associate professor and director, center for digital studies rutgers university camden seeks to appoint a tenure track assistant professor or tenured associate professor as  founding director for a proposed center for digital studies in the college of arts and sciences. the center will  NA is open, but should be knowledgeable about interdisciplinary work involving the humanities, fine arts, computing,  and social sciences. this is a tenure track faculty position with teaching and administrative responsibilities. the founding director will  help to shape the vision for the rutgers camden center for digital studies consistent with the academic mission  of the college of arts and sciences. the director will coordinate an interdisciplinary academic program in digital  studies for undergraduate and graduate students. additional administrative responsibilities include assisting with  fundraising, as well as oversight for budgeting, planning, staffing, and daily operations for the center. NA NA collaborative academic program, projects, and research will reach across the disciplines in myriad ways, such as faculty  seminars, conferences, publications, and digital media endeavors. candidates should have demonstrated digital  scholarly output. history of successful grant funding is also preferable.  rutgers camden is the southern campus of rutgers, the state university of new jersey, and an aau institution.  located in the waterfront district just across the delaware river from downtown philadelphia, the campus enrolls  NA engagement. review of applications will commence december 15, 2012, and continue until the position is filled. please send  letter of interest and cv (including websites relevant to your candidacy) to ms. julie strasser roncinske (jstrasse@  camden .rutgers .edu), special programs and initiatives coordinator, liaison to associate dean allen woll, search  committee chair. you may also send your materials to her at: office of the dean, college of arts and sciences and the graduate school, armitage hall, 311 n. 5th street, rutgers  university, camden, nj 08102. rutgers is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  the university  and its departments seek to attract an active, culturally diverse faculty and staff of the highest caliber. women  and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. [r] new york bard high school early college