the coordinator of the english  as a second language program is responsible for providing goal oriented and strategic  leadership for the esl program for students at suny plattsburgh. the coordinator will collaborate with staff members in  the global education office and other offices on campus that manage the enrollment of students with limited english  proficiency.  the english  NA in addition, the intensive summer english  program has enrolled between 8 and 20 students for the last several years. the  intention is to increase enrollments in these programs, expand the depth and breadth of current esl offerings, and investigate  program accreditation through an appropriate accrediting body. the program will continue to be student centered  and responsive to the academic support needs of students wishing to be successful. this 12 month position requires flexible  hours including some weekend and evening commitments. the coordinator will report to the dean of arts & sciences. responsibilities include: teach 2 classes in the english  bridge program each academic semester; recruit, select, supervise, mentor, and evaluate esl instructors; maintain and develop curriculum and pedagogical methods to enable student success in their degree related courses; develop and implement course and program assessment plans; support the institutional enrollment management goals for students with limited english  proficiency; provide consultation to faculty regarding strategies for successful teaching and learning for students with limited english  proficiency; develop and manage content, budget, and logistics for the intensive summer english  program; coordinate the intensive summer english  program; coordinate co curricular activities. NA successful esl teaching and administrative experience in a post secondary setting or comparable experience; demonstrated ability to lead confidently, thoughtfully, collaboratively, and successfully; ability to communicate clearly in english  with native level fluency; demonstrated experience developing esl curriculum and programs; planning, analytical, and budgeting skills; dedication to student success; demonstrated ability to work well with faculty, staff, and students campus wide; willingness and ability to perform some evening and weekend work. preferred qualifications: management experience including supervision, program development, and assessment; international learning or teaching experience; fluency in a language other than english. suny plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer,  committed to excellence through diversity. salary: $48,000 minimum, plus excellent benefits. review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. materials received by march 4  will be guaranteed full consideration. please apply to    cv, cover letter of interest, and contact information for 3 current references. official transcripts from an accredited institution  will be required prior to employment. ohio miami u english, 