applications are invited for:- department of cultural and religious studies professor /associate professor (ref. 1213/102(496)/2) (closing date: january 14, 2013)  the department invites applications for a professorship /associate professorship. applicants should have (i) a relevant  phd degree; (ii) strong commitment to the general field of cultural studies, specializing in methods and  theories of cultural studies, film and literary studies, theories of globalization, cultural policy, cultural studies of  space, and/or cultural and creative industries; (iii) demonstrated original and outstanding publication records in  related fields (as supported by evidence or research projects and output); (iv) a strong commitment to teaching undergraduate  and postgraduate courses in cultural studies; and (v) a strong record of research postgraduate supervision  and academic leadership. familiarity with the cultural landscape and development in hong kong, the chinese  mainland and asia will be an asset. appointment will normally be made on contract basis for up to 3 years initially  commencing august 2013, which subject to budget and mutual agreement, may lead to longer-term appointment  or substantiation later. [note: those who have responded to the previous advertisement for the same post (under  ref. no. 1112/231/2) are under consideration and need not re-apply on this occasion.] salary and fringe benefits salary will be highly competitive, commensurate with qualifications and experience. the university offers a comprehensive  fringe benefit package, including medical care, a contract-end gratuity for an appointment of two years  or longer, and housing benefits for eligible appointee. further information about the university and the general  terms of service for appointments is available at http:// www .per .cuhk .edu.hk. the terms mentioned herein are for  reference only and are subject to revision by the university. application procedure please send full resume, copies of academic credentials, a publication list and/or abstracts of selected published papers,  NA consent has been given for their providing references (unless otherwise specified), to the personnel office, the  chinese university of hong kong, shatin, n.t., hong kong (fax: (852) 3943 1462) by the closing date. the  personal information collection statement will be provided upon request. please quote the reference number and  NA city u of hong kong english, 