the department of english  at the university of massachusetts lowell seeks an enthusiastic and collaborative colleague  for a full time, tenure track assistant or associate professorship in composition and rhetoric. the successful  candidate will be expected to pursue an active publishing agenda, to mentor students, and to assist in outreach  projects in the community and the region. ability and willingness to develop interdisciplinary connections  NA productivity. the faculty member will teach advanced courses in our journalism and professional writing concentration and  offer courses that fulfill our upper division "theory/composition/language" requirement for majors. the faculty  member will bolster our writing offerings with courses in advanced composition, advanced grammar and style,   rhetorical theory, and the seminar in teaching writing, a course that trains tutors for the university's writing  center. we seek candidates with possible sub specialties in the following areas, all of which offer the potential for  new course offerings in the department and consequently new skills for our majors: scientific and technical communication;  linguistics; visual rhetoric. located along the merrimack river 30 minutes north of boston, the university of massachusetts lowell serves  a diverse population of 15,000 students in over 120 degree programs. the city of lowell is the birthplace of the  american industrial revolution as well as of jack kerouac, and is home to a national historical park and a burgeoning  local arts and culture scene. the university values it connections with the city and encourages its students to  engage in interdisciplinary thinking, service, and experiential learning. the university of massachusetts lowell is  committed to increasing diversity in its faculty, staff, and student populations, as well as curriculum and support  programs, while promoting an inclusive environment. we seek candidates who can contribute to that goal and encourage  you to apply and to identify your strengths in this area. required: NA NA other considerations: NA NA NA application should include: NA NA NA NA process NA initial interviews at mla. [r] michigan michigan su