the university center for human values and the woodrow wilson school of public and international affairs invite  applications for postdoctoral positions in values and public policy. we aim to support highly promising scholars  trained in moral and political philosophy, political theory, normative economics and related areas to develop a  research agenda in the ethical dimensions of public policy. candidates selected will undertake a research project exploring a normative problem arising in an area of public  policy in which the woodrow wilson school sponsors research. candidates will be expected to contribute one  NA applicants must have completed the requirements for the ph.d. by september 1, 2013 and must not have held the  degree for more than three years by that date. they may not be employed by another institution during the term of  their princeton appointment. NA demonstrate a commitment to developing a research project in this area during their time at princeton. projects  related to environmental policy, population and health, democratic institutions and processes, information technology  policy and global governance may have an advantage, although we will consider proposals related to any  area in which the school sponsors research. for more information about these areas, please consult   .princeton .edu/ centers_ programs/. the term of appointment is one year, normally beginning september 1, 2013, with the expectation of renewal for  one further year assuming good performance. applicants are expected to be in residence for the duration of the  appointment. candidates should submit an online application at   #1200508. the online system includes instructions on how to apply. materials should be submitted online by monday, december 3, 2012. we cannot accept application materials by  any other method. decisions will be announced by thursday, march 28, 2013. princeton university is an equal opportunity employer  and complies with applicable eeo and affirmative action  regulations. [r] rutgers u english, 