dean of humanities (job #10276) college of liberal arts and sciences arizona state university seeks a dean of humanities in the college of liberal arts and sciences (clas) located on  the tempe campus. clas forms the foundational core of arizona state university and while it continues to fulfill  the traditional aim of enabling students to acquire breadth and depth of knowledge and develop critical thinking  skills, clas is also committed to helping students understand the knowledge necessary for a rapidly changing  world, to conducting research that contributes to solving complex problems by working across intellectual boundaries,  and to challenging and inspiring the next generation of leaders. the humanities division within clas houses one third of the faculty of the college, and offers 21 undergraduate  and 22 graduate degree programs. while supporting the core humanities disciplines in advancing their diverse  fields of knowledge, the humanities division simultaneously fosters interdisciplinary research and teaching within  the school of international letters and cultures, the school of historical, philosophical, and religious studies,  the multi faceted department of english,  and numerous research centers. a successful candidate for the dean of  humanities position would thus be expected to advance new ways for conceptualizing the humanities for the 21st  century, sustain excellence in research within established disciplines while promoting interdisciplinarity, and have  ideas toward a transformative vision for the future of the humanities in a larger research university and across regional,  national and international boundaries. the dean of humanities will report directly to the vice provost and dean of the college of liberal arts and  sciences. he or she will provide academic and administrative leadership and will represent the humanities division  both inside and outside the university. the dean of humanities will also participate in the executive vice  NA planning and implementation of degree programs, budget, development, personnel, and student academic affairs. a successful candidate must have: NA NA or equivalent experience NA NA NA NA NA nominations and applications must be mailed or emailed to: search committee for dean of humanities office of the vice provost and dean of the college of liberal arts and sciences po box 876505 arizona state university tempe, az 85287 6505  linda .zarroli@ asu .edu applications must include a curriculum vitae, a letter that highlights important qualifications and the basis of interest  in the position, and a list of references. application materials will be held in confidence.  for full consideration, the deadline for receipt of applications is friday, december 7, 2012. applications will be  reviewed on a weekly cycle as necessary until the position is filled. the preferred starting date is july 1, 2013. the  salary is competitive. arizona state university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  women and minorities are encouraged  to apply. for more information see:   [r] u of arizona