the pennsylvania state university libraries are currently seeking a digital humanities design consultant who  NA humanistic research through emerging and existing technologies. this position will be a critical part of initiating  services and programs in support of the digital humanities at penn state, and will work as an intellectual partner  with faculty, students and staff in the college of the liberal arts. the incumbent will collaborate effectively and  translate ideas and concepts between diverse audiences to enable the creation of new knowledge and will have fluency  with a variety of technologies and direct experience in bringing technology to bear on research and teaching.  this is a fixed term (multi year), non tenure track assistant librarian, 2 year appointment based within the  university libraries, but jointly funded by the college of liberal arts, and carries the rank of assistant librarian.  responsibilities include: working with researchers to provide project definition and analysis, such as project scope,  requirements, specifications and/or design; evaluating existing tools and technologies, and investigate emerging  technologies to identify potential uses in humanities research; prototype demonstration projects and/or implements  tools for use by others. requires an advanced degree in a humanities field; demonstrated proficiency/fluency with  one or more technologies commonly used in digital humanities projects, such as database design and development,  xml encoding, gis; experience deploying information technology tools/services in his or her own research;  excellent communication skills; and a strong service orientation. preferred qualifications include a phd in  a humanities field and a record of professional presentations and/or publications. to apply, send materials to: box  dhdc mla, 511 paterno library, university park, pa 16802, or to lap225@ psu .edu. please be sure and reference  box dhdc mla in the email subject line. review of candidates begins on november 5, 2012 and continues  until the position is filled. employment will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance  with university policies. penn state is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its  workforce.  point park u