the university of texas at el paso  college of liberal arts department of english assistant professor position description: the english  department at the university of texas at el paso (utep) invites applications  for an assistant professor, tenure track, specializing in medieval british literature and culture, beginning in  the fall of 2013. candidates specializing in any subfield of medieval literary and cultural studies who show promise  of excellence in both research and teaching will be considered. this position includes undergraduate and graduate  teaching. the teaching load in the first year is 2/2; thereafter the load is 3/3. ph.d. by time of appointment and  demonstrated scholarly activity in the field of medieval british literature are required. we are especially interested  in candidates committed to working with students of diverse backgrounds.  about utep & el paso:the university of texas at el paso is an emerging national research university at the  heart of the u.s. mexico border region committed to the ideals of access and excellence. a leader among his  NA the only doctoral research university in the nation with a student body that is a majority mexican american. NA million in research spending a year ranks the university among the top 200 universities in the nation; and its more  than $35 million in federal research spending ranks fourth among all texas public universities. the center for intellectual capital in the region, utep awarded its 100,000th degree since its founding in 1914 at  the may 2011 commencement. a major economic engine in the paso del norte region, utep generates $438 million  in local business volume and contributes over 6,900 jobs and $423 million in household income. utep offers  exciting division i athletic programs; award winning theater, dance, and music programs; several art galleries and a  museum; and continuing and lifelong education programs open to the public.  required qualifications: ph.d. in english  or comparative literature, with a specialization in medieval  british literature and culture.  application procedure: review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position  is filled. applicants are encouraged to apply by january 15, 2013. submit letter of application, cv, three  confidential letters of reference, and writing sample (file size no larger than 2 mb) to brian yothers, director of  literature, through interfolio or by email at byothers@ utep .edu. the university of texas at el paso is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the university does not  discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, genetic information, veteran  status, or sexual orientation in employment or the provision of services. contact us: byothers@ utep .edu u of texas, el paso