the usc dana and david dornsife college of letters, arts and sciences announces openings for qualified lecturers  to teach lower division and advanced composition courses in a writing across the curriculum context beginning  fall 2013. these are full time or part time non tenure track positions. competitive candidates will have the  training and experience necessary to teach effectively in a program that advances critical reasoning through argumentative  and analytical writing within a context informed by the rhetorical tradition, process theory, and ethical  discursive practices. such candidates will also have a background (or specific interest) in one or more of the following  disciplines: arts and humanities, health sciences, natural sciences, pre law, and social sciences. we require demonstrated  excellence teaching introductory or advanced writing courses and we value familiarity with the needs  of writers whose first language is not english.  qualified candidates should have a doctoral degree in rhetoric and  composition (or equivalent) by june 2013. to apply, send an application letter, cv, three letters of recommendation that speak to teaching abilities, and teaching  evaluations to: the writing search committee, c/o john holland, writing program, jef 150, mc 1293, university  of southern california, los angeles, ca 90089 1293. in order to be considered for this position, applicants  are also required to submit an electronic usc application; follow this job link or paste in a browser:   review of applications will begin on november 26, 2012; receipt of materials will be acknowledged by e mail. we  plan to interview at the mla. we offer competitive salary and generous benefits. visit www .usc .edu to discover more about usc. the university of southern california strongly values diversity  and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic  groups, are encouraged to apply. [r]  colorado u of colorado, colorado springs english, 