english  department the department of english  at the university of massachusetts dartmouth seeks an assistant professor, tenure- track, to develop and sustain university studies and university writing center writing support services for students  across the curriculum.  minimum qualifications: phd in rhetoric and composition, professional communication, or writing center  pedagogy, plus relevant teaching experience required (abd will be considered). a scholarly focus, with supported  experience and research in one or more of the following areas, is preferred: writing center pedagogy; writing center  development; assessment of writing across the curriculum; and/or writing tutor training. phd must be certified  as complete no later than september 1, 2014 for consideration for contract renewal. responsibilities include  maintaining an active research agenda in the area of specialization, developing and coordinating university studies  and university writing center writing support services for students in the colleges/disciplines, teaching first-year  composition and advanced composition, teaching writing tutor pedagogy, advising majors and minors, and serving  the english  department and writing center mission. the position includes potential to develop and teach upper- level courses.  to apply, please submit a cover letter describing interest and qualifications for the position, curriculum vitae, 1-page  (each) statements of teaching and research interests, writing sample (not to exceed 10 pages, although a published  article is acceptable), and three letters of recommendation to: english  tenure-track search, office of the dean  of the college of arts and sciences, umass dartmouth, n. dartmouth, ma 02747-2300. an official transcript  confirming award of terminal degree will also be required for consideration for contract renewal (prior to september  1, 2014). completion of the search is contingent on the availability of funding. formal review of applications  begins december 14, 2012, and continues until the position is filled.  there is a possibility that initial interviews will take place at the mla conference in january 2013. final authorization  and appointment are subject to fiscal authorization. the university of massachusetts reserves the right to conduct background checks on all potential employees.  umass dartmouth, an aa/eo institution, strongly and actively strives to increase its diversity and encourages  women and minorities to apply. umass dartmouth does not discriminate in employment against persons based on  age, color, disability, gender, gender identity/gender expression, familial status, height, marital status, national origin,  political persuasion, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or genetics. u of massachusetts, lowell english, 