the college of arts and letters at michigan state university is seeking two full time instructors to teach in its new master  of arts in foreign language teaching (maflt) program (  year appointments, beginning august 16, 2013, with the initial appointment for two years. the successful candidates will  teach a range of graduate level courses in the online maflt program and undergraduate, face to face courses in the k 12  teacher preparation program on the campus of michigan state university. we also encourage program level research and  development. qualifications: a ph.d. in applied linguistics, second language studies, foreign language education, or a related field is required. preference  will be given to applicants with experience in teaching foreign or second languages and with experience in teaching  online. familiarity with north american, k 12 foreign language education is also beneficial. application procedures: all applications for this position must be submitted electronically at the michigan state university human resources website:    interest in this position and describing qualifications and experience; (b) a current curriculum vitae; and (c) the email addresses  of three potential referees who will be contacted automatically by email for their letter of recommendation. review  of applications will begin on february, 15 2013 and continue until the position is filled. persons with disabilities have the right to request and receive reasonable accommodation. for further information, please contact: dr. paula winke, chair of the search committee the department of linguistics and germanic, slavic, asian and african languages b252 wells hall 619 red cedar road michigan state university east lansing, mi 48824 phone: 517.353.9792 email: winke@ msu .edu  msu is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  msu is committed to achieving excellence through cultural  diversity. the university actively encourages applications and or nominations of women, persons of color, veterans and  person with disabilities. u of michigan