the department of english  and the program in rhetoric, composition, and literacy at the ohio state university  invite applications from colleagues specializing in technical and professional communication for an open rank  faculty position on our columbus campus. candidates with interest in rhetoric, digital media studies, composition,  and or literacy are particularly encouraged to apply. we are interested in individuals who will bring intellectual  and collegial energy to a program of longstanding reputation and extensive accomplishment. ideal applicants at the full and associate professor level will demonstrate an active research record, a national   international profile as a scholar  leader in the field, a strong record of teaching excellence appropriate to rank  at a research intensive university, and experience in program development. applicants at the rank of assistant  professor (ph.d. in professional and or technical communication or in english   rhetoric  composition  literacy   digital media with work focused on professional communication; degree in hand by august 15, 2013) will demonstrate  clear potential to meet the research expectations in professional communication at a research intensive   university, to establish a national  international scholarly profile, and to achieve a strong record of teaching in technical   professional communication. responsibilities include teaching graduate and undergraduate classes in business writing, technical writing, digital  media, and rhetoric and composition (the equivalent of four classes per year: three classes per year for the first four  years in the case of tenure track appointees). additional responsibilities include involvement in general departmental  service, possible development of new graduate curricula in professional writing, and contributions to established  undergraduate and graduate courses in business and technical writing. the rhetoric, composition and literacy studies program is comprised of 19 tenure and tenure track faculty on  four campuses, and we are the home of the annual digital media and composition institute. with 95 faculty, the  ohio state department of english  is large and vigorous and includes programs not only in rhetoric, composition,  and literacy, but also in literature, disability studies, folklore, creative writing, race studies, film, narrative, and  sexuality studies. columbus is a thriving city with numerous opportunities for developing community and industry  NA recognition and awards. preliminary interviews will be conducted using conferencing technology (such as skype or google) or at the annual  mla convention. the ohio state university is an equal opportunity  affirmative action employer.  to  build a diverse workforce, ohio state encourages applications from glbt people, women, minorities, veterans,  and individuals with disabilities. send cover letter, c.v., three letters of recommendation, and a sample of scholarship  by november 1, 2012 to englishjobs@  osu .edu, or mail to professor scott lloyd dewitt, vice chair of rhetoric,  composition and literacy, department of english,  the ohio state university, 421 denney hall, 164 w. 17th  ave., columbus, oh 43210. interviews will begin after the deadline and will continue until hiring is complete. ohio su english, 