NA seeks a tenure track assistant professor of composition  and rhetoric with expertise in digital rhetoric and interest in first year composition pedagogy and graduate  teacher education, beginning august, 2013. the successful candidate will teach introductory through upper level   undergraduate  courses in her  his areas of expertise with opportunities to develop and teach courses for the department's  ma program. women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. minimum requirements:  phd in english  or related field with a concentration in composition and rhetoric; undergraduate teaching experience,  (experience teaching in digital environments preferred). the successful candidate will be expected to undertake an active program of research that leads to publication and  presentation in peer reviewed scholarly outlets and, where available, to seek extramural funding for that research.  faculty members are expected to teach, advise, and mentor undergraduate and graduate students when appropriate.  the university is especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the  academic community through their research, teaching, and service. applicants are requested to include in their  cover letter information about how they will further this goal. the university of vermont is an affirmative action   equal opportunity employer.  the department is committed to increasing faculty diversity and welcomes  applications from women and underrepresented ethnic, racial and cultural groups and from people with disabilities.  review of materials will begin october 25. apply online at: www .uvmjobs .com. search for position using department  name (english)  only. attach to your application a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy,  and contact information of three references. for further information, contact the search committee chair, professor susanmarie harrington at (802) 656 0878  or susan .harrington@ uvm .edu. [r] virginia george mason u english, 