MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION

Job

Information

List

English and Foreign Language Edition • Summer 2013

Contents

English Departmental Job Listings

US Colleges and Universities................................................................ 1

Canadian Institutions ......................................................................... 45

Overseas Institutions.......................................................................... 46

Postdoctoral Listings.......................................................................... 51

Foreign Language Departmental Job Listings

Foreign Language Positions (by language)........................................ 56

Department Chairs and Other Administration................................ 103

Comparative Literature......................................................................110

Linguistics and ESL........................................................................... 111

Multiple Competencies...................................................................... 115

Postdoctoral Listings........................................................................ 120

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
and the Association of Departments of Foreign Languages



ALABAMA

U of South Alabama

English, 
307 University Blvd, HUMB 240 Mobile AL 36688

http://www.southalabama.edu

Instructor 18992

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21712

The University of South Alabama English 
Department invites applications for two non-tenure track (9 month) 
Instructor positions to teach primarily freshman composition along with sophomore literature survey courses, starting 
August 15, 2013 (4/4 teaching load). Required: MA in English 
or related field with a minimum of 18 graduate 
hours in English 
and evidence of strong commitment to teaching college freshmen and sophomores. Send hard 
copies (no email copies) of vita, cover letter, official transcripts, and three original letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Larry Beason, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
5991 University Drive N., Room 240, University 
of South Alabama, Mobile, AL 36688. Review of applications will begin June 12, 2013. The University of 
South Alabama is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer.


ALASKA

U of Alaska, Fairbanks

English, 
PO Box 755720 Fairbanks AK 99775

http://www.uakjobs.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=80867

Term Instructor of Creative Writing, Fiction 18969

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21670

UAF English 
Department is seeking a fiction writer for a one year 9-month Term Instructor position in Creative 
Writing, beginning Fall 2013. The successful candidate must have a terminal degree and substantial publications in 
the field of creative fiction. Please identify other fields of expertise in writing, academic specializations, or interdisciplinary/
collaborative work. Teaching responsibilities include MFA graduate courses and undergraduate creative 
writing and core courses.

Applicants must submit a letter of intent, a curriculum vitae, names and addresses of 3 references, and a writing 
sample of up to 25 pages. Applications and supporting materials must be received no later than May 26, 2013.

To apply for this position, go to https:// www .uakjobs .com and click on "Create Application" link to select a User 
Name and Password and create your application. Once you have completed this step you can begin applying for 
jobs on-line by clicking "Job Posting Search."

If you need assistance, please contact UAF Human Resources at 907-474-7700 between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., 
Alaska Time, Monday through Friday.

For job position questions, please contact Dr .Rich Carr, Chair, (907) 474-7193 or e-mail leah .aronow@ alaska .edu.

1 MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST • ENGLISH AND FOREIGN LANGUAGE EDITION • SUMMER 2013

Summer 2013

English 
Departmental Job Listings

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy 
(www.mla.org/jil_jobseekers_mla).



Founded in 1917, the University of Alaska Fairbanks is the flagship campus of the University of Alaska System, and 
is a Land, Sea, and Space Grant institution. UAF is an EEO/AA employer 
and educational institution. [R]

ARIZONA

Arizona SU-West

School of Humanities, Arts & Cultural Studies, 4701 West Thunderbird Rd Glendale AZ 85306

DIRECTOR, SCHOOL OF HUMANITIES, ARTS AND CULTURAL STUDIES 18837

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21363

New College of Interdisciplinary Arts & Sciences

Arizona State University

The School of Humanities, Arts and Cultural Studies in the New College of Interdisciplinary Arts & Sciences, at 
Arizona State University (ASU) invites application for School Director with appointment as tenured full professor. 
Deadline: March 25, 2013; if not filled, every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. For qualifications 
and application information visit: NewCollege .ASU .edu/ jobs. Applicants should reference position #10340 in their 
application.

Arizona State University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. ASU’s non-discrimination statement may be found at: https:// www .asu .edu/ titleIX.

ARKANSAS

U of Arkansas, Little Rock

Rhetoric & Writing, 2801 S University Little Rock AR 72204

http://ualr.edu

Assistant Professor-R97278 18893

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21450

The Department of Rhetoric and Writing at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock invites applications for a 
nine month tenure-track Assistant Professor (R97278) to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in professional 
writing, including grant writing.

The Department of Rhetoric and Writing, a stand-alone writing department, houses the First-Year Composition 
program, the University Writing Center, and the Little Rock Writing Project. It offers a BA in Professional and 
Technical Writing, a Minor in Writing, and an MA in Professional and Technical Writing. These degrees include 
courses in rhetoric, editing, creative non-fiction, and technical writing. The department has approximately 90 active 
majors and 50 active graduate students.

Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, Technical Writing, English 
or a closely related 
field. Applicants who are ABD may be considered. A minimum of 6 months college teaching experience and an active 
research agenda are also required.

Preferred qualifications: demonstrated knowledge of and experience with the process of grant writing. Experience 
teaching courses in nonfiction, editing, technical writing, and/or National Writing Project site administration a 
plus. Knowledge in online pedagogies and curriculum development is desired. Candidates will also be expected to 
demonstrate a commitment to student retention and success and a respect for diversity. Special consideration will be 
given to candidates who have completed their PhD by August 16, 2013.

Additional information about this position and application requirements is available under the Jobs link on the 
Human Resources’ website at http:// ualr .edu/ humanresources/....................................................... Applicants are also required to send three (3) letters 
of reference to Search Chair: Barbara L'Eplattenier, Department of Rhetoric and Writing, UALR, 2801 S. 
University Ave, Little Rock, AR 72204-1099 which should be received no later than April 26, 2013.

2 MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST • ENGLISH AND FOREIGN LANGUAGE EDITION • SUMMER 2013



This position is subject to a pre-employment criminal and financial history background check. A criminal conviction 
or arrest pending adjudication and/or adverse financial history information alone shall not disqualify an applicant 
in the absence of a relationship to the requirements of the position. Background check information will be 
used in a confidential, non-discriminatory manner consistent with state and federal law.

The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and actively seeks 
the candidacy of minorities, women and persons with disabilities. Under Arkansas law, all applications are subject 
to disclosure. Persons hired must have proof of legal authority to work in the United States.

CALIFORNIA

California Baptist U

Online and Professional Studies, 10370 Hemet St. Suite 200 Riverside CA 92503

http://www.cbuonline.edu

English 
Faculty-Online & Professional Studies 18880

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21434

California Baptist University, an evangelical Christian university affiliated with the California Southern Baptist 
Convention, invites applications for tenure-track positions to begin August 2013 in the areas listed below. Candidates 
must embrace the mission of California Baptist University and evidence a clear understanding of, and commitment 
to, excellence in teaching through the integration of the Christian faith and learning. A terminal degree 
in the field indicated is preferred, although candidates with a master’s degree who are working toward a terminal 
degree may be considered. An application for a position may be submitted electronically through the University’s 
web site at www .calbaptist .edu/ faculty. This position does require a local (Southern California) presence.

Teaching responsibilities will include one or more of the following areas: British literature, American literature, 
world literature, creative writing, and linguistics. We especially welcome expertise in American literature, and 
world literature, but are open to a range of fields. Candidates with a competency and willingness to teach generalist 
courses and with experience in online teaching and learning are especially encouraged to apply. The position 
includes participation in course and program development, implementation and assessment. University teaching 
experience in an online or hybrid modality and demonstrated potential for scholarly publication desired. The successful 
candidate will be able to demonstrate integration of faith and learning in his or her teaching. This position 
resides in CBU’s Online and Professional Studies division, which is primarily responsible for distance education 
including both hybrid and online courses. [R]

Claremont McKenna C

Lit, 850 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711

http://www.claremontmckenna.edu/discovercmc/index.php

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 18990

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21710

The Department of Literature at Claremont McKenna College seeks to fill a one-year replacement position for a 
visiting assistant professor in Creative Writing, possibly renewable for a second year. We seek a fiction writer with 
possible secondary fields in creative nonfiction, poetry, or some area of literature. The teaching requirement is five 
semester courses for the year, three in creative writing and two in freshman writing. MFA or Ph.D. required.

Please submit electronic copies of a letter of application, curriculum vitae, dossier of recommendations, evidence of 
teaching effectiveness, and writing sample (twenty-five pages or so) by June 17, 2013. [R]



Foothill C

Lang Arts Div, 12345 El Monte Rd Los Altos Hills CA 94022

http://apptrkr.com/333995

English 
Instructor 18920

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21482

Foothill-De Anza Community College District

English 
Instructor

Job #13–070

Instructions for applying:

APPLICATION PACKET:

1. A District application to be completed at http:// www .fhdajobs .net..*............................................. *In the application, you will provide information 
which demonstrates your understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, socioeconomic, 
ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds, disability, and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty 
and staff.

2. A cover letter detailing your qualifications, skills and abilities as they relate to the position.

3. A current resume of all work experience, formal education and training.

4. In the Required Supplemental Documents Section, (in no more than two pages) describe a book you have used 
in a transfer-level composition course; explain why you chose it, and how you approached the instruction of the 
text to community college students with diverse backgrounds, skills, and needs.

5. All college transcripts scanned into Word or PDF format.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Teach developmental and transfer level composition courses. Teach courses in the instructor's areas of cultural or 
literary interests and expertise. Support the success of students through effective use and understanding of multicultural 
and multiethnic materials, pedagogies, forms of assessment, and feedback techniques. Collaborate with other 
members of the English 
Department, the Language Arts Division, and instructors from other divisions in the development 
of new courses and/or programs needed for student success. Reevaluate existing courses and programs. 
Keep abreast of research, pedagogical and methodological developments, and multicultural issues in learning and 
teaching for students of all cultural and linguistic backgrounds.

Standard duties expected of all faculty include development and evaluation of curricula, maintaining scheduled 
office hours, attending department and division meetings, pursuing professional growth activities, and performing 
other duties consistent with the role of an instructor. Instructors also have the opportunity to serve on district and 
college committees and participate in campus extra-curricular activities.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT

HIRING RANGE: $52,640-$86,454 annually plus benefits; actual placement is based on applicant's verified education 
and experience.

For more information about our application process contact:

Employment Services

Foothill-De Anza Community College District

12345 El Monte Road

Los Altos Hills, California 94022

(650) 949-6217

Email: employment@ fhda .edu



http:// www .fhda .edu

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

1. Understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, socio-economic, ethnic, religious, and 
cultural backgrounds, disability, and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty and staff.

2. Master's in English, 
literature, comparative literature, or composition OR Bachelor's in any of the above AND 
Master's in linguistics, TESL, speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or journalism 
OR the equivalent.

Campus
Foothill

Terms
10 Month

Department
Language Arts

Posting Date
03–15–2013

Job Close Date
05–10–2013

Union Type
Faculty Association

Schedule
Full Time
Regular
Tenure-Track

To apply, please visit: http:// apptrkr .com/ 333995

EOE

Stanford U

Stanford Digital Language Lab, Stanford U Libraries 241A Green Libr East 557 Escondido Mall Stanford CA 
94305

http://stanfordcareers.stanford.edu/

Digital Language Lab Service Manager 18953

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21640

The Stanford Digital Language Lab (DLL) is managed by Academic Computing Services (ACS), a division of 
Stanford University Libraries, in partnership with the Stanford Language Center. The DLL’s mission is to provide 
resources, facilities, and support for language instruction and learning to the entire Stanford community. State-
of-the-art teaching spaces, enterprise level software resources, and expert support personnel combine to make the 
Language Lab a dynamic, highly efficient teaching/learning facility. It is the multilingual computing and assessment 
hub at Stanford, offering reliable audio and video recording capability, foreign language digital media content, 
and software images to support computing in multiple foreign character sets.

The Language Lab Service Manager is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the Lab, including its educational, 
technical, and operational functions, as well as collaborating with ACS staff on the hardware, image, software, 
and documentation in the Lab. This is a 4P2 position, with a possibility for qualification to a 4P3 position.

Duties:

Instructional Support



• Work with the Language Center, ACS, and faculty to implement pedagogically sound iterations of technology 
into classroom.

• Prepare, coordinate resources for, and administer Language Center assessments, including placement tests in the 
fall and speaking (SOPI) and writing (WPA) tests in the spring.

• Relay information to instructional staff regarding new tools and techniques appropriate to the lab environment.

• Conduct regular workshops on lab usage and lab pedagogy for instructors.

4P3 level:

• Create video documentation of best instructional practices by instructors in the Language Center, especially in 
the Language Lab.

• Create public-facing video overviews of Language Center policies, programs, and practices.

• Investigate and evaluate new developments in computer and AV-assisted teaching by maintaining.

• Initiate collaborations and lead projects to improve teaching and learning technologies.

Learning Space Operations

• Develop, test, and locally manage software images for lab/classroom environments. Specify requirements and 
conduct user acceptance testing.

• Ensure that Lab/classroom equipment and other instructional resources are maintained in working order and ensure 
their physical security.

• Manage space, hardware, and software upgrades.

• Promote services available in the lab on the Language Lab website. At the 4P3 level, this will include video capture, 
editing and production to promote and explain services in the Language Lab and Language Center.

• Create Language Lab spaces, hardware, and software documentation for support staff and users. At the 4P3 level, 
this will include capture, editing and production of videos tours and demonstrations of Lab spaces, hardware, and 
software.

• Create reports of language lab operations, usage, and outcomes for both internal and external audiences.

• Coordinate course scheduling and open lab times.

• Provide lab introductions for classes and conduct training for new instructors

• Provide training on lab equipment, software, and workflows to other ACS support staff.

Required Quali¿cations:

The ideal candidate will have a record of innovation and creativity in making technology accessible, understandable, 
and appealing to an academic audience, and demonstrated leadership and resourcefulness in identifying and 
integrating technological solutions to pedagogical needs.

• A baccalaureate (advanced degree desired) in a relevant field and 2+ years’ experience in academic computing. At 
the 4P3 level, the above and 5 years’ experience in academic computing with 3 years in a language lab or similar 
setting.

• Strong communication, interpersonal, time management, project management, prioritizing, judgment, and collaboration 
skills, successful experience working on teams, demonstrated ability to interact with members of the 
academic community, and ability to work with colleagues have diverse backgrounds.

• Demonstrated experience applying technology in support of teaching and learning foreign languages. Proven expertise 
with the applications, resources and techniques used in language teaching. At the 4P3 level, 3 years’ experience 
teaching a second or foreign language. Fluency in another language desired.

• Expert knowledge of Macintosh/Windows environments. Demonstrated experience providing computing resources 
in a networked environment and with audio production, classroom technologies, and delivery of online 



tools. At the 4P3 level, 2 years’ experience in both small/large scale projects requiring video capture, editing, and 
production.

To see the full job description, assure your application information is captured in our official files and give the hiring 
department immediate access to your resume, apply to http:// stanfordcareers .stanford .edu/ and in the keyword 
search box, indicate 52160. Please include your cover letter, resume or CV and 3 references. AA/EOE.

U of the Pacific

English, 
3601 Pacific Av Stockton CA 95211

http://english.pacific.edu/

Visiting Assistant Professor 18905

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21477

The University of the Pacific seeks a one year, non-renewable Visiting Assistant Professor to teach one section 
of Introduction to Linguistics, as well as four self-designed writing intensive introductory courses to the English 
Major. Teaching load for the year will be 2–3 undergraduate courses. The successful candidate will hold a PhD or 
be ABD in English 
or Linguistics, with expertise in English 
Linguistics. We are a small, private, student-centered 
college in central California. Competitive salary and benefits provided.

To apply, please send the following materials as PDF attachments to esonstroem@ pacific .edu: Cover letter, CV, 
Statement of Teaching Philosophy, and a sample syllabus. The University of the Pacific is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action Employer, 
encouraging excellence through diversity.

COLORADO

U of Denver

English, 
2000 E Asbury Av Denver CO 80208

http://www.du.edu

Lecturer in British Literature 19071

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21875

The Department of English 
at the University of Denver offers the BA and PhD in literary studies, creative writing, 
and rhetoric and theory. It also offers an MA in Literary Studies. Like most English 
departments, we accommodate 
several different approaches to and emphases on the study of literature and the teaching of creative writing, including 
(a) the study of the history of literature in English 
and in English 
translation; (b) the production of literature as 
a creative act; and (c) the interpretation of literature within the rhetorical context of aesthetics, which has a complex 
relationship to social, economic, cultural and political conditions.

The Department of English 
at the University of Denver is seeking a lecturer in British literature for the 2013–14 
academic year. Successful candidates must be able to teach both undergraduate and graduate courses in eighteenth 
and nineteenth Century British literature in addition to university Common Curriculum courses. Duties: teaching 
8 classes per academic year, grading assignments, holding office hours, meeting with students.

Teaching classes: 75%

Grade assigned work: 20%

Hold office hours and meet with students and supervisors as necessary: 5%

Required Qualifications:

• PhD in English 
with area of expertise in British Literature

• Publications in the field of British Literature

• Experience teaching eighteenth and/or nineteenth century British literature at the college level

Preferred Qualifications:



• PhD in English 
with area of expertise in eighteenth and/or nineteenth century British Literature

• Publications in the field of eighteenth and/or nineteenth century British Literature

• Experience teaching upper-division and graduate courses in the field

Those who wish to apply must submit an online application at www .dujobs .org and attach a cover letter and a C.V. 
Please mail or email 3 letters of recommendation and any additional supporting materials to: L. Bensel-Meyers, 
Chair, Department of English, 2000 E. Asbury Avenue, University of Denver, Denver, CO 80208 or lbenselm@ 
du .edu. The University of Denver is committed to enhancing the diversity of its faculty and staff and encourages 
applications from women, people of color, members of the LBGT community, people with disabilities, and veterans. 
The University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
Please see our extensive benefit package at 
www .de .edu/ hr/ benefits.

CONNECTICUT

Yale U

English, 
PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520

http://english.yale.edu/

Professor of eighteenth-century 
British literature 18974

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21687

Yale University's Department of English 
Language and Literature invites applications for a tenured professorship to 
begin July 1, 2014. We are searching broadly for an outstanding scholar, critic, and teacher of eighteenth-century 
British literature who, in addition to his or her teaching in the English 
Department, will contribute to Yale's 
broader profile in eighteenth-century 
studies. Please submit a letter of application and a full curriculum vitae to 
https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/ 2675, directed to Professor Michael Warner. Review of materials will 
begin July 1, 2013. Yale is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 
Women and underrepresented minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply.

Yale U

Program in Theater Studies, PO Box 208296 New Haven CT 06520

Tenure-track or Tenured Position 19041

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21856

The Theater Studies Program at Yale University intends to make a tenure-track or tenured appointment jointly 
with one of the following departments: African American Studies, American Studies, English 
Language and Literature, 
or History of Art beginning July 1, 2014.

Special consideration will be given to candidates with research and teaching interests in performance studies, dramatic 
literature, theater history and/or theory; sub-fields of interest include (but are not limited to) media studies, 
African-American theater, or postcolonial dramatic literature and theory.

Yale University is an Affirmative-Action/Equal Opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity among its students, 
faculty, and staff and strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. A doctoral 
level degree in a related field is required at the time of appointment. Review of applications will begin on August 1, 
2013.

Please upload your application package including cover letter, curriculum vitae, the names of three referees, and a 
writing sample through the following link: https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/ 2682



GEORGIA

Valdosta SU

English, 
1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698

http://www.valdosta.edu

Assistant Professor 18915

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21481

Valdosta State University is accepting applications for a ten-month, tenure track Assistant Professor of English 
with 
a specialization in post 1968 British and Global Anglophone literature. Appointment date is August 1, 2013. In 
addition to teaching at the upper-division and graduate levels, responsibilities include freshman composition and 
sophomore survey courses in world literature in translation. Department and university duties include committee 
work, research, and professional development leading to publication. Doctoral degree in English 
or closely related 
field is required by appointment date. Expertise in online instruction and postcolonial theory is also helpful. Interested 
candidates may submit an online application at https:// valdosta .peopleadmin .com/ postings/ 1580. Deadline 
for application is May 9, 2013. For more information contact Dr. Robert M. Smith, Head, via email marksmit@ 
valdosta .edu or phone 229-333-5946. Valdosta State University is an Equal Opportunity educational institution 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving 
applications from a broad spectrum of people, including, but not limited to, minorities, and individuals with disabilities. 
Valdosta State University has a non-discrimination policy that includes sex, race, color, sexual orientation, 
religion, age, marital status, national origin, disability, and veteran status. [R]

ILLINOIS

Harper C

English 
& Lit, 1200 W Algonquin Rd Palatine IL 60067

http://jobs.harpercollege.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=175106

English 
Faculty 18836

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21362

Creating > Sharing > Inspiring

TEACH YOUR PASSION. 

Contemplate, explore, and expound upon the subject you love. Bring your enthusiasm to life as an instructor at 
Harper College, where your work can have its greatest impact upon individuals from a wide variety of cultures. 
Feel the elation, as our students take your desire for excellence and make it their own. 

We welcome you to inspire others, contribute to your profession, and enjoy the complete educational experience, 
collegial setting, and advanced technological resources of Harper. Teach more than your discipline. Teach your 
passion.

ENGLISH FACULTY

Here is an outstanding opportunity to bring your enthusiasm for the power of the written word into the lives of 
students. This is a full time, tenure track faculty position. The ideal candidate will have the ability to teach all levels 
of composition from developmental through advanced composition. You may also have the opportunity to teach 
literature surveys and specialty courses.

Requirements include:

• At least a MA in English, 
Rhetoric/Composition, Comparative Literature, Writing Studies, or Creative Writing 

• Post-secondary teaching experience 

• Two years of community college teaching experience preferred. 



To learn more about this opportunity and apply, visit us at

jobs.harpercollege.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=175106 

Harper College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, ethnic minorities and persons with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. 

harpercollege.edu 

Monmouth C

English, 
700 E Broadway Monmouth IL 61462

http://www.monmouthcollege.edu

Two-Year Assistant Professor-British Literature 18908

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21479

Monmouth College, a residential liberal arts college in west central Illinois and founding member of the Associated 
Colleges of the Midwest (ACM), announces a two-year position in post-1700 British literature, beginning 
August 2013.

Successful candidates will have demonstrated excellence in teaching British literature courses at all undergraduate 
levels. Specialization is open, but candidates should be prepared to teach both introductory and advanced courses, 
including the second British literature survey, within an annual 3–3 load. In addition to specialization in British 
literature (preferably nineteenth-century), 
candidates should demonstrate ability to teach our required first-year 
composition course as well as to contribute to our integrated general education program.

Required: Ph.D. is required for appointment as a visiting assistant professor. A commitment to the liberal arts and 
an appreciation for the small college learning environment is essential.

Please forward letter of application, vita, evidence of teaching excellence, statement of teaching philosophy, unofficial 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to: Dr. Mark Willhardt, Chair, Department of English, 
Monmouth 
College by e-mail to: facultysearch@ monmouthcollege .edu. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled.

Monmouth College is a nationally-ranked private liberal arts college with an enrollment of approximately 1,300 
students. Monmouth offers the Bachelor of Arts degree in 34 majors. Founded in 1853, it is affiliated with the Presbyterian 
Church (USA). It is located in Monmouth, Illinois, a small, friendly community located approximately 
one hour from both Peoria and the Quad Cities.

Monmouth College, an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
is committed to diversity and encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates. [R]

U of Illinois, Chicago

Germanic Studies, 601 S Morgan St, MC 189 1722 University Hall Chicago IL 60607

http://www.uic.edu

DEPARTMENT HEAD OF DEPARTMENT OF AFRICAN AMERICAN STUDIES 18930

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21507

The Department of African American Studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago

(UIC) invites applications for the position of Head of the Department. We are seeking an innovative and dynamic 
leader with a distinguished record of scholarship in any area of

African, African American Studies and/or African Diaspora studies, and a commitment to interdisciplinary work.

African American Studies at UIC was founded in 1971 and has grown into a multidisciplinary department with 
14 faculty and 9 faculty affiliates. Our faculty includes award-winning authors, nationally known policy analysts, 
community activists, and scholars engaged in pioneering work on race and the African Diaspora. The Department 
offers an undergraduate major and minor, and is currently exploring the possibility of adding a graduate component 



to our curriculum. We maintain strong, interdisciplinary connections to scholarly and civic communities through 
our annual lecture, and ongoing outreach and engagement with Chicago's African and African American communities. 
For further information, please visit our website: http:// aast .las .uic .edu/.

Located in the heart of Chicago, UIC is a leading urban public research university with 16,000 undergraduates, 
6500 graduate students, and 3000 professional school students. The University is host to a number of exciting interdisciplinary 
units with which the African American Studies Department frequently collaborates. These include 
the Humanities Institute, the Institute for Research on Race and Public Policy, the Latino and Latin American 
Studies Program, the Program in Gender and Women's Studies, the Social Justice Initiative, and the Great Cities 
Institute. UIC has recently embarked on an exciting five-year cluster hiring initiative (http:// www .uic .edu/ home/ Chancellor/ 5_ 8_ 12 .shtml) that will include senior and junior hires in fields related to and overlapping with African 
American Studies.

The Head is the chief administrative officer of the department with responsibility for instructional programs and 
for administrative, budgetary, promotion, and recruitment matters. The successful candidate will have a distinguished 
scholarship record commensurate with the rank of full professor, a strong teaching record, and appropriate 
academic administrative experience. PhD or equivalent degree required.

The desired appointment date is August 16, 2014. Salary is competitive based on qualifications. To apply, complete 
an on-line application and upload a cover letter, full curriculum vitae and the names and full contact information of 
four referees at https:// jobs .uic .edu. Please click on the Job Board and then the position.

For further information please contact Ms. Fiona O'Connor at 312-355-0646 or at foconnor@ uic .edu.

Applications and nominations should be received by September 9, 2013 to receive full consideration. Applications 
from women and minorities are particularly encouraged. The University of Illinois is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R]

INDIANA

Ball SU

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306

http://www.bsu.edu

Contract Faculty Position/Composition 19013

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21794

Contract faculty position available August 16, 2013, for the academic year. Responsibilities: teach four courses each 
semester primarily in the award-winning first-year writing program. Courses may include professional writing, 
creative writing, or literature based on faculty expertise and departmental needs. Minimum qualifications: master’s 
degree in English, 
rhetoric and composition, or related field; at least three years of experience teaching first-year 
writing at the college level. Preferred qualifications: ABD or Ph.D. in English, 
rhetoric and composition, or related 
field; ability to teach professional writing, creative writing, or literature.

Send cover letter, curriculum vitae that includes at least three references, statement of teaching philosophy, syllabus 
for a first-year writing course, and copies of graduate transcripts electronically (preferably PDF) to: engsearch@ bsu .edu or to: Dr. Adam R. Beach, Writing Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, Ball State University, 
Muncie, IN 47306. Original transcript required at time of hire. Review of only complete applications will begin 
immediately and will continue until the position is filled. (www .bsu .edu/ english)


Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to 
diversity within its community. [R]



Ball SU

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306

http://www.bsu.edu/hrs/jobpostings

Contract Faculty Position 18989

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21709

Contract faculty position available August 16, 2013, for the academic year. Responsibilities: teach three first-year 
writing courses per semester (online and face to face) in the department’s award-winning first-year writing program 
and serve as Writing Center Associate Director of Online Tutoring; attend required Writing Program training 
sessions and participate in the on-campus Department of English 
community; model best practices in online 
education and serve as a training resource to other members of the department who are moving into online and hybrid 
teaching platforms. Minimum qualifications: master’s degree in English, 
rhetoric and composition, or related 
field; at least three years of experience teaching first-year writing at the college level, including both online and 
on campus; ability to successfully implement and model for others best practices in online education; experience 
working in a writing center and some experience with online tutoring. Preferred qualifications: ABD or Ph.D. in 
rhetoric and composition; two years of experience working at a writing center and/or online tutoring. Candidates 
for contract faculty searches must have current authorization to be employed in the U.S. without employer 
sponsorship. 
Salary: $28,000 to $31,000 with full benefits.

Send letter of application specifying position of interest is Writing Center Associate Director of Online Tutoring, 
statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum vitae that includes at least three references, and copies of graduate 
transcripts preferably in PDF format to engsearch@ bsu .edu or via regular mail to: Dr. Adam R. Beach, Writing 
Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, Ball State University, Muncie, IN 47306. Incomplete applications 
will not be reviewed; official transcripts will be required at time of employment if hired. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. (www .bsu .edu/ english)


Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to 
diversity within its community. [R]

Ball SU

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306

http://www.bsu.edu/hrs/jobpostings

Contract Faculty Position 18988

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21708

Contract faculty position available August 16, 2013, for the academic year. Responsibilities: teach four first-year 
writing courses per semester (online and face to face) in the department’s award-winning first-year writing program; 
attend required Writing Program training session; participate in the on-campus English 
department community; 
model best practices in online education and be a training resource to other members of the Department 
of English 
who are moving into online and hybrid teaching platforms. Minimum qualifications: master’s degree in 
English, 
rhetoric and composition, or related field; at least three years of experience teaching first-year writing at 
the college level, including both online and on campus; ability to successfully implement and model for others best 
practices in online education. Preferred qualifications: ABD or Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition. Candidates for 
contract faculty searches must have current authorization to be employed in the U.S. without employer 
sponsorship. 
Salary: $26,000/$29,000 with full benefits.

Send letter of application, statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum vitae that includes at least three references, 
and copies of graduate transcripts preferably in PDF format to: engsearch@ bsu .edu or via regular mail to: 
Dr. Adam Beach, Writing Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, Ball State University, Muncie, IN 
47306. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed; official transcripts will be required at the time of employment 
if hired. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. (www .bsu 
.edu/ english)


Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to 
diversity within its community. [R]



Earlham C

English, 
801 National Rd W Richmond IN 47374

http://earlham.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 18892

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21449

Earlham College will be hiring a one-year visiting assistant professor for the 2013–14 academic year with the ability 
to teach Creative Writing, as well as general education and literature courses in the applicant’s specialty. The 
position is renewable for up to two additional years. The teaching load will be 2–3 with oversight of campus readings 
by visiting writers and by students. The typical load will be one advanced creative writing class each semester 
in the area of the person's choice with one or two introductory creative writing courses or one introductory course 
and one literature or interdisciplinary course. Interdisciplinary programs at Earlham include, among others: African 
and African-American Studies, Women's Studies, Peace and Global Studies, Jewish Studies, Latin American Studies, 
Environmental Studies and International Studies.

Applicants should have either an MFA or Ph.D/ABD.

Send CV, three letters of recommendation, cover letter including statement of teaching practice and philosophy, 
and brief writing sample to Amanda Abney, abneyam@ earlham .edu English Department, Drawer 116, Earlham 
College, Richmond, IN 47374-4095. See http:// www .earlham .edu for more information about Earlham and its 
programs.

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.

KANSAS

Kansas SU

English, 
108 English 
& CS Bldg Manhattan KS 66506

http://www.k-state.edu/english/

Visiting Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 18859

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21387

The Department of English 
at Kansas State University invites applications for a visiting assistant professor serving as 
a one-year replacement in poetry beginning August 18, 2013. Secondary interest in another genre preferred. Teaching 
load is 3–3 and includes introductory classes in poetry writing and literature as well as mentoring graduate students 
on M.A. committees. Successful candidates will have a M.F.A. or Ph.D. by August 2013 in Creative Writing, 
a strong publication record, and evidence of excellence in the classroom. Service opportunities will include active 
participation in program-sponsored events. Commitment to diversity through pedagogy and course content required. 
Information about the department and university can be found at http:// www .k-state .edu/ english.

Send letter of application, c.v., evidence of teaching effectiveness (sample syllabi, statement of teaching philosophy), 
and a list of graduate courses completed to Karin Westman, Head, English 
Dept., ECS Building, Kansas State University, 
Manhattan, KS 66506. (Letters of reference and writing samples will be requested later.) Review of applications 
begins April 8, 2013 and continues until the position is filled. Background check required. Kansas State is an 
equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its employees. [R]



KENTUCKY

U of Kentucky

English, 
1215 Patterson Office Tower 500 S Limestone St Lexington KY 40506

http://esl.as.uky.edu/

Director, Intensive English 
Program, Center for English 
as a Second Language, University of Kentucky 18846

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21380

The Center for English 
as a Second Language (CESL) at the University of Kentucky invites applications for Director 
of the Intensive English 
Program (IEP). Successful candidates will have leadership experience in university-
based intensive English 
programs; experience with CEA accreditation or review processes preferred. Candidates 
will hold a PhD in TESOL, Applied Linguistics, Second Language Studies, Linguistics, Language Education, or a 
related field; and will have established expertise in curriculum development, language assessment, teacher education 
and professional development, second language acquisition, or other relevant fields.

The director will likely be appointed as Lecturer or Senior Lecturer on an 11-month contract; lecturers are non-
tenure-earning faculty members on two-or three-year, indefinitely renewable contracts. Other appointments are 
possible. The successful candidate will work with our current director as “IEP director-in-waiting” until January 
2014 and will assume the director position in January 2014. The preferred start date is 1 July 2013. The University 
of Kentucky offers competitive salary and benefits.

The Center for English 
as a Second Language is an independent program in the College of Arts and Sciences. The 
Intensive English 
Program is the largest and most important of the CESL’s programs; the CESL also includes an 
academic bridge program, special programs, and ITA training. The director of the IEP will report to the CESL 
director, and will work closely with him to review and develop all aspects of the intensive program; it is expected 
that the IEP director will provide expertise in this exercise.

The mission of the Center for English 
as a Second Language is to provide high quality English 
language instruction 
for non-native English 
speakers in an academic setting. At the Center for ESL, we assist students in achieving their 
language proficiency goals for academic, professional, and social purposes. Using a variety of instructional methods, 
the Center for ESL establishes a strong foundation in writing, reading, grammar, listening, and speaking. In addition 
to multi-level language instruction, the Center for ESL provides cultural enrichment opportunities to promote 
diversity and community involvement.

The University of Kentucky Center for English 
as a Second Language is located in beautiful Lexington, Kentucky, 
perennially rated one of American’s most literate cities. Please visit our website, http:// esl .as .uky .edu/, and please 
send inquiries to Professor Thomas Clayton, Director of the Center for English as a Second Language (tmclay@ uky .edu).

Please e-mail letter of application, CV, and sample documents that illustrate areas of expertise to Laura Carter 
(laura .carter19@ uky .edu...........................................................................................). Please use the subject line “Application for IEP Director Position” in your e-mail. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Short-listed candidates 
will be asked to solicit letters of recommendation.

The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity University that values diversity and is 
located in an increasingly diverse geographical region. It is committed to becoming one of the top public institutions 
in the country. Women, persons with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. [R]



MARYLAND

Johns Hopkins U

Africana Studies Ctr, 3400 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21218

http://krieger.jhu.edu/africana

Director for the Center for Africana Studies, tenured Associate or Full Professor 19069

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21800

Johns Hopkins Krieger School of Arts and Sciences seeks a Director for the Center for Africana Studies (CAS), an 
interdisciplinary program that advances the study of Africa, Afro-America, and the wider African Diaspora. An 
outstanding scholar and leader, the Director of CAS will maintain and develop scholarly and curricular initiatives 
and will oversee collaborative programming between departments in the Zanvyl Krieger School of Arts and Sciences, 
as well as between Arts and Sciences and other divisions across the university.

For any questions regarding this position, please contact africana .studies@ jhu .edu.

Qualifications

A successful candidate will hold a tenured appointment at the rank of associate or full professor in the home department 
of his/her own discipline and evenly allocate teaching and service between Africana Studies and that department. 
The appointment will be contingent upon a successful tenure review. All disciplines in social sciences and 
humanities, including music of the African Diaspora, are welcome.

Application Instructions

Please apply online to the Search Committee Chair, Interfolio Job ID: 21800, including: a letter of application, a 
current CV, a statement of current research projects, and a copy of one representative publication online. Review 
of applications will begin September 25, 2013.

JHU is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to 
apply.

Johns Hopkins U

English, 
3400 N Charles St 14 Gilman Hall Baltimore MD 21218

http://english.jhu.edu

Associate or Full Professor of Nineteenth-Century 
American Literature 18932

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21500

The English 
Department at Johns Hopkins University announces a search for a scholar of 19th-Century 
American 
Literature at the rank of associate or full professor. All approaches to the field, including transnational and hemispheric 
inquiries, are welcome. The teaching load is two courses per semester. Applicants should submit a letter of 
application, c.v, and writing sample (such as an essay or book chapter) online through Interfolio. Applications will 
be reviewed beginning July 1, 2013, but we will continue to accept applications until the position is filled. Johns 
Hopkins is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

U of Maryland

English, 
2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742

https://www.english.umd.edu/

Visiting Assistant Professor – Academic Writing 18973

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21685

The Department of English 
at the University of Maryland invites applications for a visiting assistant professorship 
(three years, non-renewable) to teach in the Academic Writing Program. The 3/3 teaching load will include five 
courses in our rhetorically based first-year writing program and one course in the applicant’s area of interest (within 
the department's offerings). Ongoing professional development and contribution to program initiatives expected. 



The salary will be $45,000 a year plus benefits. Qualifications: PhD (in hand by August); substantial experience in 
academic writing instruction with evidence of excellence and innovation (e.g., experience in instructional technology, 
multimodal assignment design, composition program leadership). For best consideration, submit a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and evidence of teaching excellence by June 7, 
2013. Questions about this position may be directed to Professor Shirley Logan at slogan@ umd .edu. Appointment 
contingent upon the continued availability of funding. The University of Maryland is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer.


MASSACHUSETTS

Amherst C

Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought, 208 Clark House Amherst MA 01002

https://jobs.amherst.edu/view/opportunity/id/538

Amherst College visiting Assistant Professor in Law, Jurisprudence & Social thought 18897

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21452

Amherst College's Department of Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought invites applications for a one-year visiting 
appointment for the 2013–14 academic year with the possibility of renewal for a second year. Teaching responsibilities 
include two courses per semester and supervision of senior honors projects. We welcome applications 
from persons trained in the social sciences, the humanities, and/or law. We are particularly interested in candidates 
whose research and teaching is in one or more of the following areas: jurisprudence and modern legal theory; the 
social organization of law; constitutionalism and democratic practice; law and literature; law, popular culture and 
the arts; and law and science. The position requires a Ph.D.

Applicants should submit electronically to https:// jobs .amherst .edu/ view/ opportunity/ id/ 538.................... a cover letter addressed 
to Professor Lawrence Douglas, curriculum vitae, sample of their scholarship, and the names and email addresses 
of three individuals to whom we may write to solicit recommendations. Review of applications will begin 
May 15, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled.

Amherst College is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men and women, with 1,800 students and more 
than 200 faculty members. Located in the Connecticut River Valley of western Massachusetts, Amherst participates 
with Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University of Massachusetts in the Five-College 
Consortium.

Amherst College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages women, persons of color, and persons with 
disabilities to apply. The College is committed to enriching its educational experience and its culture through the 
diversity of its faculty, administration, and staff.

C of the Holy Cross

English, 
1 College St Worcester MA 01610

http://www.holycross.edu

Visiting Full-Time Faculty Position in 19th-and 20th-Century 
American Literature 18879

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21414

The Department of English 
at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for a visiting full-time faculty position 
for the 2013–2014 academic year specializing in Nineteenth-and Twentieth-Century 
American Literature, to 
begin in August. Ph.D. preferred. Candidates must demonstrate commitment to, and excellence in, undergraduate 
teaching as informed by current practice and scholarship in the field. Visiting full-time faculty teach three courses 
each semester and are eligible for conference travel support and reimbursement of relocation costs within the College’s 
published policies. All full-time appointments offer competitive salaries and include full benefits. The College 
of the Holy Cross uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Please submit a cover 
letter describing research and teaching interests, curriculum vitae, statement on teaching philosophy, transcripts, 
and two letters of recommendation to https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 21414. Questions may be addressed to 
Jonathan Mulrooney, Chair, Department of English, College of the Holy Cross. Review of applications will begin 



immediately and continue until the position is filled. We invite candidates to learn more about our department at 
http:// academics .holycross .edu/ english/.


The College of the Holy Cross is a highly selective Catholic liberal arts college in the Jesuit tradition. It enrolls 
about 2,900 students and is located in a medium-sized city 45 miles west of Boston. The College seeks faculty 
members whose scholarship, teaching, advising, and on-and off-campus service demonstrate commitment to the 
educational benefits of a richly diverse community. Holy Cross aspires to meet the needs of dual-career couples, 
in part through its membership in the Colleges of Worcester Consortium (http:// www .cowc .org) and the New 
England Higher Education Recruitment Consortium (http:// www .newenglandherc .org). The College is an Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employer 
and complies with all Federal and Massachusetts laws concerning equal opportunity 
and affirmative action in the workplace. [R]

C of the Holy Cross

English, 
1 College St Worcester MA 01610

http://www.holycross.edu

Visiting Full-Time Faculty Position in 19th-Century 
British Literature 18878

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21416

The Department of English 
at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for a visiting full-time faculty 
appointment for the 2013–2014 academic year specializing in Nineteenth-Century 
British Literature, to begin in 
August. Ph.D. preferred. Candidates must demonstrate commitment to, and excellence in, undergraduate teaching 
as informed by current practice and scholarship in the field. Visiting full-time faculty teach three courses each 
semester and are eligible for conference travel support and reimbursement of relocation costs within the College’s 
published policies. All full-time appointments offer competitive salaries and include full benefits. The College of 
the Holy Cross uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Please submit a cover letter describing 
research and teaching interests, curriculum vitae, statement on teaching philosophy, copies of transcripts, 
and two letters of recommendation to https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 21416. Questions about the position may 
be addressed to Jonathan Mulrooney, Chair, Department of English, College of the Holy Cross. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. We invite candidates to learn more about our 
department at http:// academics .holycross .edu/ english/.


The College of the Holy Cross is a highly selective Catholic liberal arts college in the Jesuit tradition. It enrolls 
about 2,900 students and is located in a medium-sized city 45 miles west of Boston. The College seeks faculty 
members whose scholarship, teaching, advising, and on-and off-campus service demonstrate commitment to the 
educational benefits of a richly diverse community. Holy Cross aspires to meet the needs of dual-career couples, 
in part through its membership in the Colleges of Worcester Consortium (http:// www .cowc .org) and the New 
England Higher Education Recruitment Consortium (http:// www .newenglandherc .org). The College is an Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employer 
and complies with all Federal and Massachusetts laws concerning equal opportunity 
and affirmative action in the workplace. [R]

Fitchburg SU

English, 
160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420

http://www.fitchburgstate.edu/humanres

Assistant Professor/British & World Literature/One Year Temp 19002

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21738

For a detailed job description and to apply, please visit our job site at http:// jobs .fitchburgstate .edu. Review begins 
immediately and position remains open until filled.

General statement of duties: Full time, one year temporary position in eighteenth-century 
British literature and 
culture. Other preferred areas include world literature, postcolonial literature, and rhetoric and composition. 4–4 
course load includes sophomore-level surveys in British and World literatures and first-year writing. Ph.D. in hand 
by June 30, 2013; teaching experience at the college level required.

Please submit letter of interest, CV, three professional references and statement of teaching philosophy.



Full-time, one year temporary benefited position.

Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience and the MSCA Bargaining Agreement.

Position contingent upon funding for 2013 – 2014 academic year. Fitchburg State does not sponsor applicants for 
work visas.

Fitchburg State University understands that persons with specific disabilities may need assistance with the job application 
process and/or with the interview process. For confidential assistance with the job application process, please 
contact the Human Resources Office at 978-665-3172.

Fitchburg State University is committed to diversifying its workforce. We strongly encourage women, minorities, 
veterans and persons with disabilities to apply for the advertised position.

Hampshire C

Humanities, Arts, & Cultural Studies, 893 West St Amherst MA 01002

http://www.hampshire.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of African American and African Diaspora Literatures 18898

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21453

Hampshire College, an independent, innovative liberal arts institution and member of the Five College consortium, 
is accepting applications for a Visiting Assistant Professor of African American and African Diaspora Literatures 
in the School of Humanities, Arts and Cultural Studies beginning July 1, 2013. This will be a one-year 
position with the possibility of renewal.

We seek a colleague in literary studies who will contribute to an interdisciplinary curriculum in humanities, arts, 
and cultural studies. Desirable subfields include visual culture, history, or the arts. Ph.D. by time of appointment. 
Applicants must demonstrate an aptitude for innovative undergraduate teaching, supervising senior theses, and 
mentoring students. The successful candidate will teach two classes each semester and engage in an intensive advising 
program.

Hampshire is committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual community and strongly encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates.

Please submit cover letter, CV, sample course syllabi, the names and email addresses of three academic references 
and a short writing sample via our website http:// jobs .hampshire .edu. No hard copies will be accepted.

Review of applications will begin April 15, 2013.

www .hampshire .edu

Hampshire College is an equal opportunity institution, committed to diversity in education and employment.

Hampshire C

Humanities, Arts, & Cultural Studies, 893 West St Amherst MA 01002

http://www.hampshire.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of World Cinema 18839

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21367

Hampshire College, an independent, innovative liberal arts institution and member of the Five College Consortium, 
is accepting applications for a three-year Visiting Assistant Professor of World Cinema in the School of Humanities, 
Arts and Cultural Studies, beginning July 1, 2013.

We seek a colleague in Film Studies (Ph.D. by time of appointment), with a focus on world cinema. Desirable 
subfields may include cultural studies, visual culture, diaspora studies, and comparative literature. The successful 
candidate will teach two classes each semester and engage in an intensive advising program that requires working 
with a range of students in an interdisciplinary curriculum. Applicants must demonstrate an aptitude for innovative 
undergraduate teaching, supervising senior theses, and mentoring students.



Hampshire is committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual community and strongly encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates.

Please submit cover letter, CV, sample course syllabi, the names and email addresses of three academic references, 
and a short writing sample via our website http:// jobs .hampshire .edu No hard copies will be accepted. Review of 
applications will begin March 25, 2013.

www .hampshire .edu

Hampshire College is an equal opportunity institution, committed to diversity in education and employment

Harvard U

Comp Lit, Dana Palmer House 16 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138

http://academicpositions.harvard.edu/postings/4750

Lecturer on Literature 18910

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21483

Harvard University. The Department of Comparative Literature seeks to appoint a Lecturer on Literature. The 
appointment is expected to begin on June 1, 2013. The lecturer will teach undergraduate courses in comparative 
literature and will advise student essays and perform other departmental services.

PhD in comparative literature is required by expected start date.

Minimum requirements: a strong doctoral record in comparative literature or equivalent training, with the PhD 
in hand by June 1, 2013; substantial teaching experience in Comparative Literature; demonstrated ability to design 
and execute a sophomore seminar and/or individual reading courses in literature and literary theory.

Please include a cover letter, c.v., dissertation abstract, one article-length writing sample, and the names and contact 
information of three references through the ARIeS portal (http:// academicpositions .harvard .edu) no later than 
April 25, 2013. Harvard is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
Applications from women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged.

Stonehill C

English, 
320 Washington St Easton MA 02357

http://stonehill.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
19017

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21825

The Stonehill College, Inc. Department of English 
seeks applicants for an Assistant Professor position in Easton, 
MA with a preferred area of specialization in multi-ethnic literatures and demonstrable strength in at least two of 
the following areas: Native American, Asian American or comparative ethnic literatures. This position is a full-
time, non tenure-track appointment. Responsibilities include teaching three undergraduate courses each semester 
including introductory literature courses as part of the Cornerstone Program for General Education and upper level 
courses in the candidate's areas of specialization. The Department in particularly interested in candidates who can 
contribute to one or more of the College's growing interdisciplinary programs in American Studies, Cinema Studies, 
and Gender Studies.

Ph.D. in English 
or a directly related field of study plus nine (9) months of teaching experience at a college or university 
level required. Applicant must have the ability to contribute to one or more of the College's growing interdisciplinary 
programs in American Studies, Cinema Studies, and Gender Studies. Evidence of scholarly promise is 
required.

To apply for the position, submit the required documentation at https:// jobs .stonehill .edu



U of Massachusetts, Lowell

English, 
61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854

http://www.uml.edu

Lecturer (NTT) in English 
for Online Teaching and Curriculum Development 18949

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21546

The Department of English 
at the University of Massachusetts Lowell seeks an energetic, collaborative colleague 
and outstanding teacher to join its online B.A. in English 
(Start date of either Sept. 2013 or Jan. 2014). The new 
online degree program will launch in the fall of 2013 and complement the department's thriving undergraduate 
major, which serves nearly 400 undergraduate students and houses 37 full-time faculty. Although this position is 
non-tenure-track, it is renewable and includes a full-time salary with benefits, professional development, and the 
possibility of promotion to senior lecturer after six years.

Located along the Merrimack River 30 miles north of Boston, the University of Massachusetts Lowell serves a diverse 
population of 15,000 students in over 120 degree programs. It is also a leader in innovative online education, 
boasting a well-established curriculum of over thirty online undergraduate and graduate certificates and degrees. 
The city of Lowell is the birthplace of the American Industrial Revolution as well as Jack Kerouac and is home to 
a national park and a vibrant local arts and culture scene. The university encourages its students to engage in interdisciplinary 
thinking, service, and experiential learning.

Responsibilities will include the following:

-3–3 teaching load

-Online (and occasional face-to-face) courses in area of expertise. The department encourages faculty to develop 
new courses if their area of expertise is not reflected in the current course catalog.

-Online core courses in either world literatures in English, 
creative writing, or professional and technical writing.

-Collaborating with colleagues to author innovative and challenging online courses

-Fostering a robust community around the department's online teaching and learning

-Working with the department chair to oversee and manage online schedule and enrollment

-Advising online majors

The University of Massachusetts Lowell is committed to increasing diversity in its faculty, staff, and student populations, 
as well as curriculum and support programs, while promoting an inclusive environment. We seek candidates 
who can contribute to that goal and encourage you to apply and to identify your strengths in this area.

Minimum Qualifications (Required):

-Earned doctorate in English 
or related subject at the time of appointment, either Sept. 2013 or Jan. 2014 (must 
have earned doctorate by the time of appointment)

-Three years' experience teaching creatively and effectively with technology

-Excellent communication skills

-The ability to work effectively with diverse groups

Other Considerations:

-Demonstrated expertise in digital humanities, gaming, or new media

-Background in information and/or web design

-Experience in developing/delivering innovative digital pedagogies and strategies

Required Applicant Documents:

Cover Letter

Curriculum Vitae



Teaching Philosophy [R]

U of Massachusetts

Writing Program, 181 Presidents Drive Amherst MA 01003

Deputy Director, Writing Program 18943

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21543

University of Massachusetts Amherst

The University of Massachusetts Amherst Writing Program seeks applicants for the position of Deputy Director 
(non-tenure track, 52-week contract) to participate in a collaboratively administered nationally recognized program 
that includes first-year composition courses, a writing-across-the-curriculum program, a writing center, and 
experimental writing courses. Under the general supervision of the Director of the Writing Program, the Deputy 
Director serves as coordinator for the Basic Writing course (Englwrit111) and the placement exam. The Deputy 
also performs administrative duties, including monitoring the budget, supervising the scheduling of courses, and 
coordinating with academic departments and programs across campus. Teaching load is 1:1 of first-year writing 
courses as well as biweekly practica meetings for 15–20 Teaching Associates, who teach first-year writing. 

Qualifications:Ph.D. in relevant area (e.g., Composition Studies or English 
Education); research in or teaching experience 
with basic writing; experience with networked teaching environments; minimum three years experience 
in teaching composition; ability to supervise others, manage a program budget, teach faculty and students, and design 
and evaluate curriculum. 

Normal Starting Salary: $53,300-$60,400 

Salary Range: $53,300-$67,500

Applicants should send letter of application, vita, evidence of teaching strength, and three letters of recommendation 
to Search Committee #R46106, 167 Whitmore Administration Building, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, 
MA 01003-8170. 

Priority deadline is May 6, 2013; application review will continue until position is filled. 

The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of 
minority groups are encouraged to apply.

MICHIGAN

U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/grad/mfa/default.asp

The Nicholas Delbanco Visiting Professorship in Poetry 19019

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21827

Visiting appointment in poetry. Anticipated three year appointment, with potential of renewal for two additional 
years. Candidates should be emerging writers (one book published or under contract; candidates may also have a 
second book under contract) who have achieved distinction in their writing and excellence in their teaching or 
show the promise of such distinction and excellence.

Please send letter of application, c.v., statement of current and future writing plans, statement of teaching philosophy 
and experience, writing samples, evidence of teaching excellence, and three letters of recommendation by 
October 1, 2013 to Recruitment Coordinator, Helen Zell Writers' Program, University of Michigan, 3187 Angell 
Hall, 435 S. State St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University 
of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer 
and is supportive of the needs of dual career 
couples.

All applications will be acknowledged. [R]



U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/grad/mfa/default.asp

The Nicholas Delbanco Visiting Professorship in Fiction 19018

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21826

Visiting appointment in fiction. Anticipated three year appointment, with potential of renewal for two additional 
years. Candidates should be emerging writers (one book published or under contract; candidates may also have a 
second book under contract) who have achieved distinction in their writing and excellence in their teaching or 
show the promise of such distinction and excellence.

Please send letter of application, c.v., statement of current and future writing plans, statement of teaching philosophy 
and experience, writing samples, evidence of teaching excellence, and three letters of recommendation by 
October 1, 2013 to Recruitment Coordinator, Helen Zell Writers' Program, University of Michigan, 3187 Angell 
Hall, 435 S. State St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University 
of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer 
and is supportive of the needs of dual career 
couples.

All applications will be acknowledged. [R]

MINNESOTA

Bemidji SU

English, 
1500 Birchmont Dr NE #23 Bemidji MN 56601

http://agency.governmentjobs.com/bemidji/default.cfm

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
18875

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21431

Teach Victorian Literature. The incumbent would be expected to teach courses that would include, but are not 
limited to British Literatures in poetry, prose fiction, drama, film studies, rhetoric and writing, and literary theory.

Teaching load comprises four courses a semester most often including both lower and upper division courses and 
frequently a graduate courses in the candidate's field as well. Assist with programmatic accreditation of the English 
program.

The candidate will also display excellence in teaching and the promise of research and publication.

Bemidji SU

English, 
1500 Birchmont Dr NE #23 Bemidji MN 56601

http://agency.governmentjobs.com/bemidji/default.cfm

Assistant or Associate Professor of Speech Communication 18866

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21399

Ability to teach oral communication at all levels, teach upper division communication courses, and assist with curriculum 
development and assessment; and evidence of excellence in teaching. Assist with programmatic accreditation 
of the Speech program. The candidate will also display excellence in teaching and the promise of research and 
publication.



U of Minnesota, Duluth

English, 
1201 Ordean Ct, H410 Duluth MN 55812

http://employment.umn.edu/

Visiting Assistant Professor of American Literature 18965

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21668

The Department of English 
at the University of Minnesota Duluth seeks applicants for a full-time, one-year sabbatical 
replacement in American literature, currently 6 courses per year, for the 2013–2014 academic year, beginning 
26 August 2013. Job duties and responsibilities include teaching upper and graduate-level American Literature, and 
lower-division courses in World Literature and Contemporary Literature. Essential Qualifications: PhD in English 
or Comparative Literature from a regionally accredited university in hand by 1 July 2013, and some teaching 
experience at the college level. Preferred Qualifications include: Demonstrated ability to teach post-1900 American 
Literature at an advanced level, and World Literature and Contemporary Literature at the lower division. The 
University of Minnesota Requires that you apply online for this position. For a complete position description 
and information on how to apply online, please visit http:// employment .umn .edu/.............................., and search for Job Requisition 
#184343. Complete applications will be reviewed beginning 27 May 2013. The University of Minnesota is an 
equal opportunity educator and employer.


U of Minnesota, Duluth

Writing Studies, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812

http://www.d.umn.edu/writ

Instructor/Assistant Professor of Writing Studies 18946

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21544

The Department of Writing Studies at the University of Minnesota Duluth seeks to add up to five people to its 
pool of temporary instructors and/or assistant professors to teach first-year writing, ESL, lower and upper division 
writing, journalism, and/or information design courses on a full-time or part-time basis beginning August 26, 
2013. Term contracts only; positions contingent on funding. Essential qualifications include one year of relevant 
teaching experience at the college level, willingness to work in a structured writing program, effective teaching 
and communication skills appropriate to the position, experience in using technology for teaching, and an MA 
from a regionally accredited university in a relevant field, such as Writing, Comp/Rhetoric, English, 
Journalism, 
TESL, or Technical Communication. The University of Minnesota requires that you apply online for this position. 
For a complete position description and information on how to apply online, visit http:// employment .umn .edu/, 
and search for Job Requisition 183980. Completed applications will be reviewed beginning 05/20/2013 and continue 
until the positions are filled.

The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. 
[R]

MISSOURI

U of Missouri, Kansas City

English, 
5121 Rockhill Rd, 106 Cockefair Hall Kansas City MO 64110

http://www.umkc.edu/

Assistant Teaching Professor/Coordinator of Writing Assessment 18907

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21478

The University of Missouri-Kansas City is seeking an Assistant Teaching Professor/Coordinator of Writing Assessment. 
This is a full-time, 12-month, ranked Non-Tenure Track position. Half of the position focuses on teaching 
writing; half is devoted to administering the university's standardized writing assessment.



Required: PhD in English 
with expertise in Composition and Rhetoric; 3 years of experience teaching writing; 
expertise in writing assessment; experience in managing other employees; facility with online technologies; and 
strong communication skills.

Applications must be submitted through UMKC Human Resources at www .umkc .edu/ hr/ jobsearch. Combine all 
application materials (cover letter, CV, contact information for three references, and statement of teaching philosophy) 
into one PDF or Microsoft Word document and upload as your resume attachment.

Review of applications will begin 22 April 2013.

UMKC is an equal access, equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
that is fully committed to achieving a 
diverse faculty and staff. [R]

NEVADA

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

http://www.unr.edu

Lecturer, English 
18909

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21480

The University of Nevada, Reno, English 
Department is seeking lecturers, each of whom will teach eight undergraduate 
courses during the academic year: six courses in Core Writing (first-year writing) and two in developmental 
writing through Extended Studies. If the schedule allows, lecturers may be assigned one of these eight 
courses in an area of their specialization instead (writing, language, or literature). Lecturers also serve as mentors to 
new teaching assistants in the Core Writing Program.

Positions are for one year with the possibility of renewal for no more than two additional years with continued 
funding and satisfactory performance. MA in English 
or related field (by July 1, 2013).

Reno, Nevada is a metro area of about 300,000 people, located in close proximity to Lake Tahoe.

The University of Nevada, Reno requires applications to be submitted electronically at www .unrsearch .com/ 
postings/ 12604. To apply, submit the following through the website: letter of application outlining experience and 
training, curriculum vita, unofficial transcripts, and name and contact information for three references.

Applications must be received by May 6, 2013. EEO/AA

NEW YORK

C of Staten Island, CUNY

English, 
Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island NY 10314

http://www.csi.cuny.edu

Dean of Humanities & Social Sciences 19062

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21860

The College of Staten Island of the City University of New York seeks applicants for the position of Dean of Humanities 
and Social Sciences. As head of one of the College's academic divisions, the Dean of Humanities and 
Social Sciences reports to the Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs/Provost and is a member of the Provost's 
Council. The Dean of Humanities and Social Sciences has responsibility for the academic standards of the division 
as a whole and specifically for the personnel, curriculum, and budgets of nine liberal arts departments (English, 
History, Media Culture, World Languages & Literatures, Performing & Creative Arts, Political Science & Global 
Affairs, Philosophy, Psychology, Sociology, and Anthropology & Social Work). Additional responsibilities include 
ten interdisciplinary programs (International Studies; Women's, Gender, & Sexuality Studies; American Studies; 



African-American Studies; Science and Letters & Society; Master of Arts in Liberal Studies; Certificate in Autism; 
Disability Studies; Certificate in Modern China; Latin American, Caribbean & Latina/o Studies).

The Dean of Humanities and Social Sciences has responsibility for supervision of faculty recruitment, appointment, 
reappointment, tenure and promotion; the implementation of College affirmative action policies; maintenance of 
the range, depth, and quality of divisional undergraduate and graduate programs, curricula, courses and their evaluation; 
coordination of grant activity and faculty development; divisional long-range planning and short-range implementation; 
and the allocation of budgets among departments. The Dean also works collaboratively with the Vice 
President for Institutional Advancement on fundraising projects in support of the College and divisional programs.

The Dean is responsible for maintaining standards for student learning and ensuring a culture of well-articulated 
student learning outcomes and assessment of those outcomes and works collaboratively with the Associate Provost 
for Institutional Effectiveness on assessment plans. The Dean of Humanities and Social Sciences works collaboratively 
with the Dean of Science and Technology, the Dean of the School of Education, and the Dean of the School 
of Business to foster support and recognition of faculty scholarship, to develop interdisciplinary centers designed to 
enhance faculty scholarship, to build sound graduate programs, and to develop opportunities for external funding.

This position is in CUNY's Executive Compensation Plan. Qualifications include an earned doctorate (or equivalent) 
in a discipline represented in the division, a demonstrated record of distinction in college teaching and scholarship 
at a level appropriate for tenure at the full professor level, and experience in higher education leadership at 
the level of department chair or above, and eight years' related experience.

The search committee will be particularly interested in candidates with a proven ability to oversee fiscal and physical 
resources, and who possess superior communication and organizational skills, as well as a personal and professional 
commitment to equal opportunity and affirmative action goals. Fundraising experience is not required but is 
welcome. Compensation is commensurate with experience.

To apply, please go to www .cuny .edu ; select "Employment", "Search Job Listings," "More Options to Search for 
CUNY Jobs," then enter the Job ID #8232 in the "Job Opening ID" field. Please submit a curriculum vitae, cover 
letter including a statement of administrative philosophy, one writing sample from your area of scholarly expertise, 
and the names, addresses, and phone numbers of at least five references. Job close date: September 10, 2013. ** Revised 
posting (previously listed as Job ID# 7620 & 8181—All previous applicants must re-apply **

We are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities, 
minorities, veterans, and women to apply. We take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence 
through diversity and inclusion. EO/AA. [R]

Hobart & William Smith Colleges

Writing & Rhetoric, 300 Pulteney St, Smith Hall Geneva NY 14456

http://www.hws.edu/offices/hr/employment/fac_2013_WandR_OneYear.aspx

Assistant Professor of Writing and Rhetoric 18830

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21360

The Writing and Rhetoric Program at Hobart and William Smith Colleges invites applications for a one-year temporary 
position at the Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2013. Ph.D./ABD required in Professional Writing or 
Journalism. The teaching load for the position is five courses over two semesters, and will include courses in Journalism, 
Online Reporting, and other professional writing courses as well as one section of Introductory Writing. 
The WRRH Program has a set of curricular guidelines and learning practices that grow out of our shared pedagogical 
philosophy. We encourage and value innovative teaching within our guidelines.

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS

Candidates should submit a letter of interest, a curriculum vitae, contact information for three references, and a 
teaching portfolio that includes a statement of the candidate's teaching philosophy and sample syllabi. Review of 
applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Please send materials to:

Margueritte Murphy

Acting Chair, The Writing and Rhetoric Program



Hobart and William Smith Colleges

300 Pulteney St.

Geneva, NY 14456-3397

EOE

Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and supporting faculty and staff that fully represent 
the racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from under-represented 
groups. The Colleges do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, 
age, disability, veteran's status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression or any other protected status.

Hobart and William Smith Colleges are a highly selective residential liberal arts institution located in a small, diverse 
city in the Finger Lakes region of New York State. With an enrollment of approximately 2,200, the Colleges 
offer 62 majors and minors from which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be an interdisciplinary 
program. Creative and extensive programs of international study and public service are also at the core 
of the Colleges’ mission. [R]

The Juilliard School

Human Resources, 60 Lincoln Center Plaza New York NY 10023

http://www.juilliard.edu

Assistant Professor of ESL and Liberal Arts 18903

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21454

Responsibilities:

• Teach ESL, including writing, speaking, reading and pronunciation

• Teach in the Liberal Arts core curriculum

• Full-time, 3/3 course load

• Participate in curricular revision

• Collaborate with the Writing Center

Qualifications:

• Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric, Applied Linguistics, Literary Studies or Foreign Languages with an emphasis on 
ESL/ESOL Studies

• A minimum of three years of college teaching

• Commitment to students in the performing arts

• Experience with students in culturally diverse situations

• Current knowledge of academic assessment practices

• Familiarity with Mandarin or Korean preferred

The Juilliard School has an ongoing commitment to the principles and practices of diversity and inclusiveness 
throughout the community and strongly encourages applications from candidates who would enhance the diversity 
of the School’s administration.

The Juilliard School is committed to providing a safe and productive learning and working environment. Therefore, 
employment with Juilliard will be contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background check.

Please submit cover letter, CV and writing sample to jobs@ juilliard .edu. [R]



MLA

Office of the Executive Director, 26 Broadway 3rd floor New York NY 10004

http://www.mla.org

Director of Programs and Association of Departments of Foreign Languages 18904

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21460

The Modern Language Association is seeking a director of Programs and of the Association of Departments of Foreign 
Languages (ADFL).

The director initiates, develops, and coordinates new and continuing programs; edits the ADFL Bulletin; organizes 
annual ADFL Summer Seminars; serves as staff liaison to the ADFL Executive Committee and other MLA committees; 
works on the MLA’s Job Information Service; organizes programs for the MLA Annual Convention; initiates 
reports on trends in the field; works closely with other language studies organizations and with college and 
university language departments; and represents the MLA at various professional meetings. The director reports 
directly to the executive director of the association and works with other MLA directors on matters affecting the 
general administration of the association.

The ideal candidate will have earned a doctorate in an appropriate field, taught in a college or university, and 
chaired a department or worked in another significant administrative capacity at a higher education institution or 
association and will have an interest in issues affecting the study and teaching of languages and literatures, the ability 
to develop grant proposals and projects, and an imaginative approach to current professional problems and opportunities. 
Although this is a regular staff position, the MLA welcomes applications from candidates who can take 
a multiyear leave of absence from their academic appointments.

This position includes some travel and a good deal of administrative work. Salary is commensurate with experience. 
Please submit a letter of application, vitae, and the names of three references to Rosemary G. Feal, MLA, 
through Interfolio using the link above. The MLA is an equal opportunity employer. 
Review of applications will 
begin 1 May and continue until the position is filled. [R]

Molloy C

English, 
PO Box 5002, 1000 Hempstead Av Rockville Centre NY 11571

http://www.molloy.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
18980

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21705

The English 
Department at Molloy College seeks qualified candidates for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English 
position with a specialty in Digital Writing.

Teaching load of twelve credits per semester. Courses include writing for media, digital writing, freshman composition, 
advanced composition, and possibly introductury literature courses. Will initiate and recruit for the department's 
anticipated new writing concentration. Willingness to teach day, evening, and/or weekend courses. 
Teaching begins Fall 2014.

Qualifications:

Ph.D. required. College teaching experience preferred.

To Apply:

Please send letter of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation to humanresources@ molloy .edu or mail 
to:

Office of Human Resources, Molloy College

1000 Hempstead Avenue

P.O. Box 5002

Rockville Centre, New York 11571



Please apply by September 15, 2013.

An Equal Opportunity Employer

Women, minorities, persons with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply.

New York U

English, 
19 Univ Pl, Rm 503 New York NY 10003

http://english.as.nyu.edu

DIRECTOR 18976

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21702

Expository Writing Program

ARTS AND SCIENCE

New York University

The College of Arts and Science at New York University is seeking a Director for its Expository Writing Program, 
long known as one of the leading college writing programs in the country. The position requires a scholar with 
strong academic credentials, a commitment to undergraduate education, and experience in teaching writing to undergraduates 
diverse in national origin, interests, programs, and goals. The director leads a large group of strong, 
dedicated full-time writing faculty, and works with the outstanding Arts and Science faculty at large to create a 
dynamic, responsive curriculum that serves the 7,000 students in the College, hundreds of first-year undergraduates 
from NYU's professional schools (Stern School of Business, the Silver School of Social Work, the Tisch School 
of the Arts, the Polytechnic Institute of NYU, the Steinhardt School of Education, Communication, and Culture, 
and the College of Nursing), and students abroad.

The successful candidate will hold the Ph.D. and will have a strong publication record, and will have had extensive 
experience in teaching writing at both the freshman and advanced levels, as well as in administering a complex 
program. In addition, he or she will hold a tenured or tenure-track position in the English 
Department. The appointment 
will start on or after January 1, 2014, pending budgetary and administrative approval.

Application deadline has been extended to July 19, 2013. To apply, see the “Employment” link at the NYU Department 
of English 
web site: http://english.
as.nyu.edu to submit a cover letter; CV; teaching statement, and names 
of three referees.

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.


Skidmore C

English, 
815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866

http://careers.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=54890

Two Visiting Assistant Professors 18967

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21669

The Department of English 
at Skidmore College invites applications for two full-time, one-year positions in expository 
writing, to begin Fall 2013. Renewal is possible for up to three years (inclusive). Requirements include 
Ph.D. at time of appointment and demonstrated excellence in teaching college-level expository writing.

Position #1: 5 sections a year of EN 105: Writing Seminar II, which is a theme-based course in the analytical essay. 
Instructors choose their own theme; examples can be found on our website:

http:// cms .skidmore .edu/ english/ courses/ upload/ Prospectus-Fall-2013 .pdf

Position #2: 4 sections a year, plus 1 in the summer, including a rotation of HE 100 (a summer transition course 
offered by our Higher Education Opportunity Program), EN 103 (a course for those students not yet ready for the 
challenges of EN 105 see above) and EN 105. Expertise and experience working with ESL students (both international 
and domestic) and underserved populations required



To learn more about and apply for these positions please visit us online at:

https:// careers .skidmore .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=54890

SU of New York, C at Potsdam

English 
& Communication, 44 Pierrepont Av Potsdam NY 13676

http://www.potsdam.edu

Assistant Professor-Creative Writing-Poetry 18896

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21451

The Department of English 
and Communication at SUNY Potsdam invites applications for an Assistant Professor 
in Creative Writing—Poetry, to begin fall 2013. This is a full-time, tenure-track position with primary responsibilities 
to our BA and BFA in creative writing. Teaching load is 24 hours per academic year which include upper-
division courses in area of specialization, lower-division courses in literature and composition, and contributions to 
our interdisciplinary Master's program in English 
and Communication. Continuing program of scholarly activity, 
advising, and committee responsibilities are expected. Required qualifications: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing 
with teaching experience and a book-length publication. Demonstrated ability to teach in another genre desirable. 
To apply, visit https:// employment .potsdam .edu job posting No. 0600441. Application review begins April 15, 
2013 and continues until position is filled. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. [R]

SU of New York, U at Albany

Office of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, Lecture Center 30 1400 Washington Ave Albany 
NY 12222

http://albany.interviewexchange.com/jobofferdetails.jsp?JOBID=39379

Lecturers-Writing and Critical Inquiry 18978

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21704

The University at Albany, SUNY, seeks full-time lecturers for the new first-year program in Writing and Critical 
Inquiry to begin Fall 2013. Responsibilities include a three-four teaching load and participation in the development 
and evaluation of the newly established first-year writing program.

For details: http:// albany .interviewexchange .com/ jobofferdetails .jsp?JOBID=39379

THE UNIVERSITY AT ALBANY IS AN EO/AA/IRCA/ADAEMPLOYER


Wagner C

English, 
1 Campus Rd Staten Island NY 10301

http://www.wagner.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of English: 
20th-Century 
American and African American Literature 18977

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21703

The English 
Department at Wagner College is seeking a one-year Visiting Assistant Professor in 20th-Century 
American and African American Literature with strength in Multi-Ethnic American Literature and the ability to 
teach World Literature. The position is for the 2013–14 academic year. Courses for the fall will be World Literature, 
Contemporary Poetry and Southern Women Writers (teaching load is 3/3). Candidates with the PhD and teaching 
experience preferred, but ABD applicants (nearing defense) with teaching experience will also be considered.

Located in an increasingly diverse metropolitan area, Wagner College is committed to scholarship and community 
outreach relevant to the needs of New York City. Wagner values campus diversity (domestic and international) and 
in keeping with this initiative, it welcomes applications from diverse candidates and candidates who support diversity 
and internationalization efforts.

For fullest consideration please e-mail your letter of application, CV and three letters of recommendation to Susan 
Bernardo, Chair, English 
Department at sbernard@ wagner .edu by June 10th. [R]



NORTH CAROLINA

Appalachian SU

English, 
ASU Box 32052 Boone NC 28608

http://www.hrs.appstate.edu/employment/epa-jobs/academic-affairs

Lecturer in Professional Writing 18954

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21641

Department of English, 
PO Box 32052, 224 Sanford Hall, Boone NC 28608

http:// www .appstate .edu

The Department of English 
at Appalachian State University invites applications for one or possibly two positions 
in Professional Writing for a full-time Lecturer. Preferred candidates will hold a Ph.D. in Professional or Technical 
Writing or related field, but applicants will be considered with an M.A. in English 
Composition, Rhetoric, Technical 
Writing or related field and evidence of both effective teaching and one year or more of professional writing 
experience. Salaries will be commensurate with qualifications.

The teaching load is four courses a semester including multiple sections of ENG 3100 (Business Writing) offered 
to satisfy the College of Business’s 3rd year WID (Writing in the Discipline) requirement. ENG 3100 emphasizes 
applied business writing genres such as specialized letters and memoranda, resumes, proposals, analytical and fact-
finding reports, and other essential forms of professional communication and research.

Please submit a letter of application, a CV, an unofficial copy of graduate transcripts, and the names and contact 
information of three references to James Burniston at Dept. of English, 
Box 32052, Appalachian State University, 
Boone, NC 28608. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until both positions are filled.

Appalachian State University is a member institution of the sixteen-campus University of North Carolina System. 
Located in Boone, NC, it enrolls more than 17,000 students and was recently ranked fourth in the nation among 
Consumer Digest’s top values in Public Colleges and Universities and third among U.S. News and World Report’s 
list of the top public master-degree granting universities in the South.

Appalachian State University is an AA/EEO Employer. 
Individuals with disabilities desiring accommodations in 
the application process should contact James Burniston at burnistonjc@ appstate .edu. Any offer of employment to a 
successful candidate will be conditioned upon the University's receipt of a satisfactory criminal background check. 
For more information, please visit:

http:// www .hrs .appstate .edu/ employment/ epa-jobs/ academic-affairs

http://www.english.
appstate.edu [R]

OHIO

C of Wooster

English, 
Kauke Hall 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691

http://wooster.edu/offices/hr/opportunities

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
(Creative Writing) 18944

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21536

The Department of English 
at the College of Wooster invites applications for a visiting assistant professorship in 
creative writing (fiction and/or poetry) for the 2013–2014 academic year. Teaching load includes four courses in 
introductory fiction and poetry writing and one course in advanced fiction and/or poetry writing as well as directing 
year-long theses in the College’s signature Senior Independent Study program. Ph.D. or M.F.A. expected. Evidence 
or promise of teaching excellence and significant publication record expected. Submit letter of application, 
vita, three confidential letters of recommendation and a writing sample of no more than twenty-five pages. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled.



Wooster seeks to ensure diversity by its policy of employing persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, 
religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or political affiliation. The College of 
Wooster is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

Ohio U

Linguistics, 383 Gordy Hall Athens OH 45701

http://linguistics.ohio.edu/ELIP

Visiting Lecturer of Linguistics and English 
19072

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21876

The Ohio University College of Arts & Sciences through the Linguistics and English 
Departments wishes to hire 
a Visiting Lecturer who can serve as a vital member of our program team in teaching writing courses for domestic 
and international undergraduate students.

We are seeking an educator who is able to teach writing to high-proficiency English 
language learners as well as 
native English 
speaking students, in addition to collaborating with faculty on using technology in courses to maximize 
student engagement.

We are a dynamic program offering opportunities for professional growth and development. This is a full-time 
(9-month) 3-year position with optional summer teaching and a possibility for longer employment upon review. 
We seek a candidate with a commitment to working effectively with students, faculty, and staff from diverse 
backgrounds.

For more information go to https:// www .ohiouniversityjobs .com/ postings/ 6858..................................., for position description and online 
application. Posting number is 2013302FA. For details on our program go to http:// linguistics .ohio .edu/ ELIP.

Applications accepted until position filled; for full consideration apply by July 19, 2013.

Questions?

Contact Dr. Dawn Bikowski, bikowski@ ohio .edu

U of Dayton

English, 
300 College Park Dayton OH 45469

http://www.udayton.edu

Full-Time Lecturer in English: 
Composition 19009

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21767

Full-time, non-tenure track position in English. 
One-year position with possibility of renewal. Responsibilities 
include teaching primarily first-year composition, including classes that integrate native and non-native speakers 
of English, 
with the possibility of teaching in the First-Year Intercultural Living and Learning Community (LLC).

Minimum Qualifications: M.A. in English 
or a related field; record of excellent college-level teaching in composition; 
excellent written communication skills; intercultural sensitivity; potential for success in teaching English 
language learners.

Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or a related field; training and/or experience relevant to teaching non-
native speakers of English; 
relevant international experience; experience teaching students from diverse backgrounds; 
excellent oral communication skills.

The University of Dayton, founded in 1850 by the Society of Mary, is a top ten Catholic research university. The 
University seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic 
excellence in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and service 
in the local and global community. For Department information, visit http:// www .udayton .edu/ artssciences/ 
english/. To attain its Catholic and Marianist mission, the University is committed to the principles of diversity, 
inclusion and affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. We act affirmatively to recruit and 
hire women, traditionally under-represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans.



Apply online only by June 23 at http:// jobs .udayton .edu/ postings/ 7377, with letter of application, one-page 
statement of teaching philosophy, unofficial copies of graduate transcripts, C.V., and two letters of recommendation. 
[R]

OKLAHOMA

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
– TESL/Applied Linguistics 19065

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21862

Tenure-track position in TESL. 2–2 teaching load beginning August 2014. PhD in TESL, Applied Linguistics, 
or related area. Ability to teach a broad range of undergraduate and graduate courses in support of specializations 
in Teaching English 
as a Second Language and Linguistics. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and evidence of 
related research agenda required. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with an MA option in Teaching 
English 
as a Second Language and MA and PhD specializations in Linguistics. For further information on 
the department see our webpage at http:// english .okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications should be 
received by November 1, 2013. We will continue, however, to accept and consider applications until the position 
has been filled. Submit letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation 
and transcript through Interfolio using the link above. This position is contingent upon availability of funding. 
Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a 
tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Fiction) 19064

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21861

Tenure-track position in Creative Writing-Fiction. 2–2 teaching load beginning August 2014. Appropriate terminal 
degree, appropriate credentials, significant national publication, and demonstrated teaching excellence required. 
Additional publication and teaching expertise in creative non-fiction desirable. Salary competitive and commensurate 
with experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with emphasis in creative writing. For 
further information on the department see our webpage at http:// english .okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, 
applications should be received by November 1, 2013. We will continue, however, to accept and consider applications 
until the position has been filled. Submit letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including 
three letters of recommendation and transcript through Interfolio using the link above. This position is contingent 
upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. 
OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor–Composition, Technical Writing and/or Undergraduate Literature 18919

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21473

Multiple positions possible, one year appointments renewable up to three years, starting August 2013. PhD and 
teaching experience required. 4–3 course load teaching one or more of the following: composition, lower-division 
literature, technical writing. Salary competitive. For further information on the department see our webpage at 
http:// english .okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by May 1, 2013. We will 
continue, however, to accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Submit letter of applica



tion, cv, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript through Interfolio using the link 
above. This position is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/E-
Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor – TESL/Applied Linguistics 18917

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21475

One-year appointment beginning August 2013. PhD in TESL, Applied Linguistics, or related area. 3–3 teaching 
load. Ability to teach a broad range of undergraduate and graduate courses in support of specializations in Teaching 
English 
as a Second Language and Linguistics. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and evidence of related 
research agenda required. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with an MA option in Teaching English 
as a Second Language and MA and PhD specializations in Linguistics. For further information on the department 
see our webpage at http:// english .okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by 
May 1, 2013. We will continue, however, to accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Submit 
letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript 
through Interfolio using the link above. This position is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State 
University is an AA/EEO/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor – Creative Writing (Fiction) 18918

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21474

One-year appointment beginning August 2013. MFA or PhD in Creative Writing, or related area. 3–2 teaching 
load. Appropriate terminal degree, appropriate credentials, significant national publication, and demonstrated 
teaching excellence required. Additional publication and teaching expertise in creative non-fiction desirable. Salary 
competitive and commensurate with experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with emphasis 
in creative writing. For further information on the department see our webpage at http:// english .okstate .edu. To 
ensure full consideration, applications should be received by May 1, 2013. We will continue, however, to accept 
and consider applications until the position has been filled. Submit letter of application, cv, writing sample, and 
dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript through Interfolio using the link above. This 
position is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Southwestern Oklahoma SU

Lang & Lit, 100 Campus Dr Weatherford OK 73096

http://www.swosu.edu

Assistant/Associate Professor; Tenure-Track 18927

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21504

Southwestern OK State University invites applications to fill a full-time, tenure track position in the Department 
of Language and Literature as Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition. Required: 1.) Ph.D. in English 
or 
a related field, 2.) college teaching experience, and 3.) secondary teaching experience and state certification (from 
any state) in secondary Language Arts.

Preferred: 1.) applicants with the ability to teach English 
Education, Linguistics, and/or Technical Writing classes; 
2.) applicants with interest and experience in preparing assessment documents for program accreditation. At least 
initially, the candidate will be required to teach four composition courses each semester. [R]



OREGON

Lane Comm C

Lang, Lit & Communication Studies, 4000 E 30 Av Eugene OR 97405

http://lanecc.edu/llc/english

Writing Specialists (2), English 
Department 18832

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21361

Lane Community College in Eugene, Oregon, invites applications for 2 permanent, full-time faculty writing specialists. 
Applicants should view the description and complete the online application process at http:// jobs .lanecc 
.edu/ postings/ 5854 by March 20, 2013.

We are looking for individuals with a strong commitment to a career of teaching composition and literature in a 
community college.

As English 
faculty at Lane, we pride ourselves on our passion for teaching, our commitment to students and our 
independence. We have a history of developing innovative courses in writing, literature and film studies, as well as 
a tradition of teaching in learning communities. We are looking for passionate and engaged colleagues who demonstrate 
exceptional teaching skills, who challenge students through innovative and diverse courses, and whose 
enthusiasm for teaching writing and literature inspire all students to achieve Lane’s vision of “Transforming Lives 
through Learning.”

The Writing/Composition Program is a vibrant part of the English 
Department with a focus on teaching writing as 
a rhetorical process as well as a productive mode of thinking and being in the world. Writing at Lane encompasses 
a range of courses, including basic writing, introductory college composition, professional/technical writing and 
creative writing, and emphasizes student success through critically reflective teaching supported by a community of 
shared theory and practice. That community is enriched by a diverse array of faculty expertise and strengthened by 
dynamic projects such as ongoing faculty professional development, program-wide assessment, and initiatives that 
promote cross-campus development in writing across the curriculum.

Lane Community College students range from high-school graduates to adult learners planning to transfer to 
nearby University of Oregon and other four-year institutions, to displaced workers of all ages, transitioning parents, 
and students who are the first in their families to attend college. A demonstrated commitment to meeting the needs 
of diverse students is therefore essential.

As a vibrant educational institution, Lane continues to attract and retain a diverse student population. We are seeking 
qualified educators to meet this need. Preferred candidates will be able to demonstrate active dedication to 
enhancing diversity and the role-modeling of cultural competency. Bilingual skills in Spanish, Asian, Indigenous 
North American, or Middle Eastern languages are also preferred.

Applicants must complete the Lane online application in full. See applicant instructions for how to apply.

(Please be aware, generated emails may be unintentionally blocked by your spam filter, please monitor your filters 
to prevent this from happening.) [R]

Western Oregon U

Humanities, 345 N Monmouth Av Monmouth OR 97361

http://www.wou.edu

Instructor, Writing and ESL 18881

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21435

Western Oregon University seeks a full or part-time non-tenure track Instructor of Writing with expertise in Academic 
Writing for English 
Language Learners, beginning September 2013. Usual teaching load will include 3 or 4 
four-credit classes per quarter (depending on instructor's preference) divided among the following: College Writing 
I and II (sections for International Students) as well as regular sections of College Writing I and II. For qualified 
instructors, courses in Literature and Linguistics may also be available.



Review begins immediately. Open until filled.

Qualifications:

• M.A. degree in TESOL/ESL/EFL/Applied Linguistics

• Minimum of 3 years of teaching experience with ESL/ELLs at the post-secondary level

• Experience teaching college writing

• Skills and experience to motivate students from a range of academic, cultural, socioeconomic, ethnic, and linguistic 
backgrounds

• Team-oriented willingness to participate in program and professional development

• Excellent fluency and accuracy in spoken and written English


Preferred Qualifications:

• Experience teaching/living overseas

• Foreign language proficiency

• Ability to teach Introduction to Linguistics

To apply: http:// www .wou .edu/ admin/ hr/ jobopenings_ faculty .php

Western Oregon University is an equal opportunity employer committed to increasing the diversity of its 
workforce.

PENNSYLVANIA

Dickinson C

English, 
PO Box 1773 28 N College St Carlisle PA 17013

http://www.dickinson.edu/

Visiting Assistant Professor in pre-1900 American literature 18964

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21667

The Department of English 
at Dickinson College seeks a two-year visiting assistant professor in pre-1900 American 
literature. An ability to teach early American texts will be especially valued. The teaching load is five undergraduate 
courses over two semesters. At Dickinson, every member of the department teaches at all levels, and innovation 
in both teaching and scholarship is prized. The ability to create inclusive learning environments for an increasingly 
diverse student body will be important characteristics of the successful candidate, and teaching experience that 
speaks to that ability will be an advantage. Candidates should have the Ph.D. in hand by July 2013, when the appointment 
begins.

Dickinson College is a private, selective, liberal-arts college of about 2,400 undergraduate students located in central 
Pennsylvania, 20 miles southwest of the state capital, Harrisburg, and within easy driving distance (1 1/2 to 3 
hours) of Baltimore, Washington, Philadelphia, and New York. The College is known and respected for its international, 
interdisciplinary, and sustainability programs. Salary and benefits are competitive.

We encourage candidates to visit the College website at http:// www .dickinson .edu and familiarize themselves with 
the department and College as a whole. Applicants should submit an electronic cover letter and curriculum vitae 
through https:// jobs .dickinson .edu. We will begin reading applications on May 17, 2013 and will make requests for 
dossiers and writing samples as appropriate. Preliminary interviews will be conducted via Skype.

The College is committed to building a representative and diverse faculty, administrative staff, and student body. 
We encourage applications from all qualified persons. [R]



Gettysburg C

English, 
300 N Washington St, Box 397 Gettysburg PA 17325

http://www.gettysburg.edu

Assistant Professor of Contemporary American Literature 18941

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21540

The English 
Department at Gettysburg College invites applications for a one-year position in Contemporary 
American Literature at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin in August 2013. As part of a 3/3 load, teaching opportunities 
will include introductory, intermediate, and upper-level courses. Candidates should have completed a 
PhD in English 
or be ABD by August 2013. The successful candidate will display a commitment to excellent undergraduate 
teaching.

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, three academic references, and a writing sample addressed to 
Professor Christopher Fee, Chair, Department of English, 
Gettysburg College. Materials should be sent as an electronic 
submission to Linda Miller, Academic Assistant, at lmiller@ gettysburg .edu..................................... For fullest consideration, application 
materials should be received by May 22, 2013.

Gettysburg College is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 90 minutes of the Baltimore/Washington 
metropolitan area. Established in 1832, the College has a rich history and is situated on a 220-acre campus with 
an enrollment of approximately 2,600 students. Gettysburg College celebrates diversity and welcomes applications 
from members of any group that has been historically underrepresented in the American academy. The College 
assures equal employment opportunity and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnic or national 
origin, gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, and disability. [R]

Misericordia U

English, 
301 Lake St Dallas PA 18612

http://www.misericordia.edu

Assistant Professor-English 
18938

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21538

Misericordia University’s English 
Department seeks to hire a full-time, non-tenure track assistant professor of English 
commencing in fall 2013. The successful candidate will possess a Ph.D. in a writing-related field (composition, 
rhetoric, linguistics, etc.) as well as experience and strength in teaching writing at all levels and assessment. 
Ph.D. must be in hand prior to August 15, 2013.

The candidate accepting this position will be responsible for teaching a minimum of 12 credits per fall and spring 
semesters, nine credits (or three courses) of which must be sections of the institution’s University Writing Seminar. 
Additionally, the candidate accepting this position will be responsible for leading assessment of the University 
Writing Seminar and Writing Intensive components of the institution’s writing program.

To apply, please submit a letter of application and c.v. by email to hr@ misericordia .edu or by mail addressed to the 
Office of Human Resources, Misericordia University, 301 Lake Street, Dallas, PA 18612. The deadline for applications 
is April 30, 2013. Finalists will be asked for their full dossier at a later date.

Misericordia University is committed to student, faculty and staff diversity and values the educational benefit this 
brings to campus. Candidates should indicate any experience and/or leadership that contribute to this goal.

Penn State U, Erie, Behrend C

Humanities & Social Sciences, 4701 College Dr Erie PA 16563

http://psbehrend.psu.edu/school-of-humanities-social-sciences/resources-for/prospective-faculty-staff

Lecturer in English 
19022

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21829



The English 
program at Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, invites applications for a one-year, non-renewable 
position as lecturer of English, 
beginning August 2013. Responsibilities include teaching basic and advanced composition, 
experience teaching ESL is desirable. A Master’s degree is required, Ph.D. preferred.

Penn State Behrend is a comprehensive four-year and residential college of Penn State University in Erie, PA. The 
college prides itself on the balance it achieves between teaching and research. Located on a beautiful, wooded hilltop 
campus, Penn State Behrend offers its 4700 undergraduate and graduate students an inspiring and technologically-
advanced environment characterized by close student/faculty interaction. For more information about the 
college and English 
program, please visit our Web site (www .behrend .psu .edu).

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, unofficial graduate transcripts, evidence of teaching effectiveness, 
and three letters of recommendation to HSSjobs@ psu .edu. If unable to send electronically, applications can be 
mailed to:

Chair, English 
Search Committee

School of Humanities and Social Sciences

Box MLA, Penn State Erie, The Behrend College

4951 College Drive

Erie, PA 16563-1501

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Employment will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.

Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce.

Temple U

English, 
Anderson Hall, 10th Fl 1114 W Polett Walk Philadelphia PA 19122

http://www.temple.edu/english

Assistant Professor 18972

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21686

Assistant Professor in Writing & ESL, Teaching & Instructional Track

One year (renewable) non-tenure track position in First-Year Writing Program and English 
Department.

The department hopes to make a full-time appointment of a non-tenure track Assistant Professor (teaching/instruction) 
to teach first-year writing, especially courses focused on students whose first language is not English. 
Master’s degree required and Ph.D. preferred. The successful candidate will have graduate training and experience 
in Teaching English 
to Speakers of Other Languages. Salary $44,500 with Ph.D.; health benefits provided. Please 
submit c.v., transcript for highest degree, and three letters of reference, which speak to teaching ability by May 31, 
2013. Address applications to Prof. Joyce A. Joyce, Chair, Department of English 
(022–29), Temple University, 
1114 Polett Walk, Philadelphia, PA 19122-6090. Temple University is an equal opportunity, equal access, affirmative 
action employer, 
committed to achieving a diverse community. Qualified women and minority candidates are 
encouraged to apply.

U of the Arts

Lib Arts Div, 320 S Broad St Philadelphia PA 19102

http://uarts.edu

Instructor of First Year Writing 18981

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21706

The University of the Arts seeks part-time instructors in its First Year Writing Program.



Located in the heart of Center City Philadelphia, The University of the Arts is one of the only universities in the 
United States solely dedicated to educating creative individuals in the visual, literary, and performing arts and design. 
Beyond helping students hone their skills in critical reading and thinking, textual analysis and interpretation, 
research methods, and the conventions of academic writing, our First Year Writing program teaches students to 
draw on a range of historical, critical, and literary texts in crafting their own analyses of works of art. The program 
offers an array of courses tailored to meet the needs of entering undergraduates who possess a broad range of experience 
and ability as writers and readers.

Master’s degree required; Ph.D. or ABD highly desirable. College-level teaching experience required. The usual 
appointment is at the rank of Lecturer.

A letter of application and curriculum vitae should be sent to firstyearwriting@ uarts .edu. Review of applications 
will begin July 1 and continue until positions are filled; all applications will be acknowledged. [R]

RHODE ISLAND

Roger Williams U

For Langs, 1 Old Ferry Rd Bristol RI 02809

http://www.Click2Apply.net/kkgqycy

Visiting Assistant Professor of Writing Studies 18929

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21506

Job Description:

The Department of Writing Studies, Rhetoric, and Composition invites applications to fill a one-year visiting appointment 
as an assistant professor. The position will be available in Fall 2013. The successful candidate will be a 
member of a department responsible for the University’s Writing Program, will teach courses in our newly revised 
Program as well as other general education courses, and in the new minor in Professional and Public Writing. The 
chosen candidate will contribute to the development, expansion, and assessment of the department’s offerings. 
Teaching load is 3/4.

Additional Information:

For additional information regarding this position, please contact:

Professor Mel A. Topf

Search Committee Chair

mtopf@ rwu .edu

(401) 254-3237

Roger Williams University is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer 
committed to inclusive excellence and 
encourages applications from underrepresented populations.

Application Instructions:

Please apply online and submit the following materials: 1) a letter of intent ; 2) a current vita; 3) names and contact 
information of at least three (3) references.

Required qualifications include a Ph.D. or ABD at time of appointment, either in rhetoric and composition, or in 
English. 
Specialization in rhetoric and composition is required. Preferred are candidates with experience in writing 
across the curriculum, or in business, technical, professional, or grant writing, or in assessment. Candidates must 
demonstrate effectiveness in teaching undergraduate writing with evidence of ongoing scholarly activity in a field 
relating to rhetoric and composition.

Apply Here: http:// www .Click2Apply .net/kkgqycy



SOUTH CAROLINA

U of South Carolina, Beaufort

English 
& Theatre, One University Blvd Bluffton SC 29909

http://www.uscb.edu/employment

Visiting Assistant Professor, Composition & Rhetoric 18890

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21438

The University of South Carolina Beaufort invites applications for a one-year visiting assistant professorship with 
possibility for renewal in Composition and Rhetoric, beginning Fall 2013. We seek an energetic faculty member 
committed to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and university service. The successful candidate will teach a 4/4 
load of freshman composition and possibly upper-division courses in business or technical writing. Salary will reflect 
the candidate’s training and experience.

Ph.D. or M.A. (M.A. = Instructor-level appointment) in English, 
Composition and Rhetoric, or a related field.

Applicants must complete the Academic Personal Information form on-line at https:// uscjobs .sc .edu............. and are required 
to submit a letter of application and a CV. Finalists will be required to submit three letters of recommendation, 
teaching evaluations, and official transcripts. Review of applications will begin immediately.

Learn more about us at http:// uscb .edu/ english.

To apply, go to http:// www .uscb/ employment.

USC Beaufort is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Institution. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R]

U of South Carolina, Beaufort

English 
& Theatre, One University Blvd Bluffton SC 29909

http://www.uscb.edu/employment

Visiting Assistant Professor, Modern American Literature 18889

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21437

The University of South Carolina Beaufort invites applications for a one-year visiting assistant professorship with 
possibility for renewal in 19th-and 20th-century 
American literature, beginning Fall 2013. We seek an energetic 
faculty member committed to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and university service. The successful candidate 
will teach a 4/4 load of freshman composition, sophomore-level surveys, and upper-division courses in transatlantic 
modernism and 19th-and 20th-century 
American literature. Salary will reflect the candidate’s training and 
experience.

Ph.D. or ABD (ABD = Instructor-level appointment) in English 
or related field.

Applicants must complete the Academic Personal Information form on-line at https:// uscjobs .sc .edu............. and are required 
to submit a letter of application and a CV. Finalists will be required to submit three letters of recommendation, 
teaching evaluations, and official transcripts.

Learn more about us at http:// uscb .edu/ english.

To apply, go to http:// uscb .edu/ employment.

USC Beaufort is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Institution. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R]



U of South Carolina

Thomas Cooper Library, Columbia SC 29208

http://library.sc.edu/spcoll/rarebook.html

Curator 18986

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21707

University of South Carolina Libraries

The University of South Carolina Libraries seeks applications and nominations for an innovative, collaborative, and 
service-oriented professional to serve as Curator in the Irvin Department of Rare Books and Special Collections. 
Reporting to the Director of the Irvin Department, the Curator will teach two courses in both the Fall and Spring 
semesters in the College of Arts and Sciences using materials from the Department’s collection of natural history, 
maps, and historical engravings. In addition, the Curator will work with faculty in the Arts and Sciences to promote 
the incorporation of the Irvin Department’s collections into the curriculum.

Required Qualifications:

A Ph.D. in art history, English, 
history or another academic discipline in the Arts and Sciences.

Experience using special collections materials in teaching.

A record of using special collections materials in research.

Sound knowledge of the issues relating to primary research materials by historians, humanities scholars, and social 
scientists for research, teaching, and publication.

A demonstrated commitment to working collaboratively with diverse groups of students, scholars, and artists.

SLED background check and credit check are required.

Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. This is a full-time, 12-month, unclassified, tenure-track, 
faculty status position with the rank of Librarian. Benefits include medical, dental, state retirement or optional retirement 
plan.

Applicants must complete an Academic Personal Information form online at https:// uscjobs .sc .edu................. (search by Requisition 
006200). Applicants must submit a single electronic file (pdf or Word) as an e-mail attachment to artjobs@ 
mailbox .sc .edu. This file must include a letter of application, a CV that includes a list of courses taught and names 
and contact information of three professional references, including at least one who can comment on teaching, a 
teaching statement, and up to ten images from the applicant’s portfolio, if applicable.

The search committee will begin reviewing applications on June 12, 2013 and will continue until the position is 
filled.

Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. USC is an EOE. [R]

TENNESSEE

Christian Brothers U

Lit & Lang, 650 E Parkway S Memphis TN 38104

http://www.cbu.edu

Assistant Professor of English, 
Rhetoric and Composition, or Communications 18851

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21383

Assistant Professor of English, 
Rhetoric and Composition, or Communications (3-year contract, with the option to 
renew)

Ph.D. in English, 
Rhetoric and Composition, or Communications, with a specialization in Digital Rhetoric, who 
can contribute to our B.A. in English 
for Corporate Communications. The ideal candidate would also be able 
to contribute to our B.A. in Creative Writing, especially in Screenplay/Dramatic Writing. Position begins Au



gust 2013 to fill a vacancy from a retirement. CBU is a Roman Catholic institution of higher education in the 
tradition of the De le Salle Christian Brothers. It is a private, comprehensive university emphasizing excellence in 
teaching and attention to the whole person in a values-oriented, interfaith educational community. The normal 
teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per semester, including freshman composition and usual non-teaching duties. 
Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Human Resources at hrjobs@ cbu .edu. Review 
of applications will begin March 21 and will continue until position is filled. Application will be acknowledged by 
email. Initial interviews will be held via video conferencing or phone. Christian Brothers University is a private, 
Catholic, Lasallian university and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

Vanderbilt U

Women's & Gender Studies, VU Station B#350086, 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville TN 37235

http://as.vanderbilt.edu/wgs/

Mellon Assistant Professor of Women's and Gender Studies, Vanderbilt University 18921

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21488

Mellon Assistant Professor of Women’s and Gender Studies, Vanderbilt University

The Program in Women’s and Gender Studies at Vanderbilt University invites applications for the position of Mellon 
Assistant Professor of gender and sexuality. (non-tenure-track, 1-year appointment) beginning in the 2013 fall 
semester. The successful candidate will have a strong research agenda in gender, sexuality, and/or queer theory. 
PhD required; teaching experience preferred. In addition, in accordance with Mellon Foundation guidelines, applicants 
must have received the Ph.D. no more than four years from the start of the position. Teaching load 2/2. For 
more information on our program please visit the department website: http:// as .vanderbilt .edu/ wgs/

Applications, including cover letter, CV, writing sample, teaching philosophy (and evidence of effectiveness), and 
three letters of reference should be submitted to: Mellon Assistant Professor Search Committee Chair, Program in 
Women’s and Gender Studies, Vanderbilt University, VU Station B, #350086, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Nashville, 
TN 37235-0086 or by e-mail barbara .kaeser@ vanderbilt .edu. Application deadline: May 1 Vanderbilt University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to 
apply.

TEXAS

Lone Star College System

Employment & Recruiting, 5000 Research Forest Drive The Woodlands TX 77381

http://lonestar.edu

Faculty, Transitional Studies English 
(#9576) CF Cypress Center 18871

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21403

Required Qualifications:

Master’s or higher degree in English 
or a master’s degree and 18 graduate hours in English.


Online certification or a commitment to obtain certification through LSC-Online (or equivalent) within 6 months 
of employment.

Special Instructions:

Please go into My Career Tools on your Career Home page and add your cover letter, teaching philosophy, transcript, 
and any other credentials or certificates. These items will be required in order to be considered as a candidate 
for this position.

How to Apply:

ALL APPLICANTS MUST APPLY ON-LINE ONLY



To learn of all available opportunities go to: https:// jobs .lonestar .edu. Search by keyword or click the "Advanced 
Search" link to search by keyword or Job Opening ID.

All positions are subject to a criminal background check. EEO Employer


Texas A&M U

English, 
4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843

http://www.english.tamu.edu

Lecturer 19023

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21830

The Texas A& M Department of English 
is authorized to hire up to three full-time Lecturers as non-tenure track 
faculty for academic year 2013–14. These positions require the teaching of undergraduate courses related to rhetoric/
composition, and/or technical writing and/or writing about literature. PhD in English 
and teaching experience 
at the college level is required. The teaching load for these positions is 3–3.

To be considered, please send to Dr. Chris Murray (see contact information below) a C.V., and a letter of interest 
describing three areas: academic expertise, teaching experience, and pedagogical approach. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue until the positions are filled. Applications can be sent by email or by postal 
mail. Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas A&M is an AA/EEO employer.


Dr. Chris Murray

Search Committee Chair and Associate Director of Undergraduate Studies

Texas A&M University Department of English


4227 TAMU College Station, TX

77843-4227 chris_ murray@ tamu .edu [R]

Texas A&M U, Galveston

Gen Academics, PO Box 1675 Galveston TX 77553

http://www.tamug.edu/hrd/Employees/Faculty%20and%20Research%20Postings.html

Professor and Department Head, General Academics 18937

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21508

Texas A&M University at Galveston invites external applications for a full professor to serve as Head of the Department 
of General Academics (GACD). The ideal candidate will possess an earned doctorate in one of the disciplines 
taught by the department, a distinguished record of teaching and scholarship, and experience in academic 
administration. In order to be considered, applicants must send a curriculum vitae, a cover letter addressing interest 
in and qualifications for the position, a list of three references, as well as a completed and signed official TAMUG 
application form, found on the TAMUG Faculty Employment Site at (http:// www .tamug .edu/ hrd/ Employees/ 
Faculty%20and%20Research%20Postings .html) to:

Human Resources, GACD Head Search Committee, Texas A&M University at Galveston, P.O. Box 1675, Galveston, 
TX 77553-1675. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check and verification 
of eligibility to work in the US. Texas A&M University at Galveston promotes and values diversity and 
inclusion in the work place. As an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employee TAMUG provides equal opportunity 
to all qualified individuals and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, age, marital status, 
gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, veteran status or disability 
in its hiring, admissions, educational programs and activities.



VIRGINIA

George Mason U

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030

http://chnm.gmu.edu/

Director, Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media 18852

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21384

George Mason University seeks a Director to lead its Roy Rosenzweig Center for History and New Media (http:// 
chnm .gmu .edu). RRCHNM is approaching its twentieth anniversary as a leading digital humanities institution 
that seeks to democratize access to history, educate using digital media and technology, and transform research 
methods for the twenty-first century. The Director's responsibilities include: providing an overall vision of innovation 
for the Center; articulating this vision to multiple audiences; raising substantial project funds and the 
Center's endowment; handling administrative duties related to budgeting and personnel; and launching major new 
initiatives. The Director will work closely with the senior staff in the Center's three divisions: Education, Public 
Projects, and Research. Candidates should have a strong record of digital innovation, managerial experience, and 
grant-getting. It is expected that this hire will be made at the senior level (Full or advanced Associate). This position 
will start in the Fall of 2013.

George Mason University is a public research university located 14 miles from Washington, D.C., with approximately 
30,000 students. Global education and research are a fundamental part of the university's mission to serve its 
diverse and international student body. RRCHNM is part of the Department of History and Art History, which 
has the largest M.A. program in the country and a nationally ranked Ph.D. program.

Special Instructions to Applicants:

For full consideration, please apply for position number F7927Z at http:// jobs .gmu .edu/............................ Complete the online faculty 
application and upload a letter of interest, CV, and a list of at least three references. Review of applications will 
begin on April 4, 2013, and continue until the position is filled.

Contact Brian Platt, Search Committee and Department Chair with questions at bplatt1@ gmu .edu

WASHINGTON

Gonzaga U

English, 
502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258

http://gonzaga.edu

Lecturer position 18877

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21433

GONZAGA UNIVERSITY, Spokane, WA. The Department of English 
is seeking a one-year, non tenure-track, 
Lecturer position (3/3 teaching load and advise Senior Writing Projects) to teach introductory literature and creative 
writing for the academic year starting September 2013. Required qualifications: PhD in English 
(Literature 
or Creative Writing) or MFA with at least one book. Evidence of significant experience teaching literature and 
creative writing is essential. Particular consideration given to fiction and creative non-fiction writers with strong 
experience teaching literature and substantial creative publications. Applicants are required to submit the following 
online: a cover letter, current CV, a statement of teaching philosophy and three letters of recommendation. For 
a full position description and to apply: please visit our website at https:// gonzaga .peopleadmin .com/ and apply 
online. For assistance with your online application, call 509-313-5996. First consideration given to applications 
received by April 26, midnight, Pacific Time. Email inquiries to pringle@ gonzaga .edu............................... Gonzaga University is a Jesuit, 
Catholic, humanistic institution, and is therefore interested in candidates who will contribute to its distinctive 
mission. Gonzaga University is an AA/EEO employer 
committed to diversity. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply.



WISCONSIN

U of Wisconsin, Madison

English, 
600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706

http://www.english.wisc.edu/

Assistant Professor of English 
19066

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21874

The Department of English 
at the University of Wisconsin-Madison seeks a fiction writer at the rank of assistant 
professor (tenure-track). We welcome applications from writers with excellent records of publication, teaching, 
and service. Candidates with administrative and fund-raising experience, and qualifications in a secondary genre 
(poetry, creative non-fiction, screen writing), are preferred. The successful candidate will teach four courses per 
academic year, and participate fully in all activities of the creative writing program, including serving in rotation as 
one of the directors of the undergraduate, graduate, and post-graduate components.

To ensure full consideration, applications must be received no later than September 15, 2013. Apply on line at 
http:// creativewriting .wisc .edu/ job .html with a letter of application, CV with the names and contact information 
of three recommenders, writing sample (one short story or novel excerpt of up to 33 pp.), statement of teaching 
philosophy, and sample syllabi. Do not send letters of recommendation at this time.

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. A criminal background check will be required prior to start of 
appointment. UW-Madison is an EOE/AA employer. 
[R]

U of Wisconsin, Parkside

English, 
PO Box 2000, 900 Wood Rd Kenosha WI 53141

http://www.uwp.edu/departments/human.resources/unclassified.positions/asst-pro-engl.cfm

Assistant Professor of English, 
20th/21st Century American Lit/Creative Writing-Poetry 18928

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21505

The English 
Arts Department at the University of Wisconsin-Parkside invites applications for a full-time (9 month) 
tenure track faculty member in English, 
with a focus in 20th and 21st Century American Literature and Creative 
Writing-Poetry beginning August 2013.

QUALIFICATIONS

Required:

*Ph.D. or A.B.D. in English 
from an accredited university with strong scholarly activity or interest in 20th and 21st 
Century American Literature.

*A good record of teaching college-level literature and writing (including Creative Writing-Poetry)

*A good scholarly record or potential is required for the Assistant Professor position

*Excellent oral and written communication skills

Preferred:

*Expertise and/or teaching experience in 20th and 21st Century African American Literature

*Demonstrated experience and/or aptitude to work with a diverse student body

Essential Job Functions:

Teach a full array of English 
courses including freshman composition with an emphasis in 20th and 21st Century 
American Literature and Creative Writing-Poetry with a preference for expertise and/or teaching experience in 
20th and 21st Century African American Literature. Perform curriculum review, assessment, and leadership in student 
learning. Provide academic and career advising and mentoring of students in various areas of interest. Participate 
in department meetings. Work with department in university and community outreach.



SALARY: Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. The University of Wisconsin System provides 
a liberal benefits package, including participation in a state pension plan.

ABOUT THE UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN-PARKSIDE: The University of Wisconsin-Parkside is committed 
to access, diversity, engagement, and academic excellence. It currently enrolls approximately 5,100 students, 
many of whom are first generation and nontraditional students. UW-Parkside benefits from the ethnic and racial 
diversity of the communities it serves in Kenosha, Racine, and Walworth counties. Located in northern Kenosha 
County in the Chicago-Milwaukee urban corridor, much of the University's 700-acre campus has been preserved 
in its natural wooded and prairie state. UW-Parkside is strongly committed to creating and maintaining a multicultural, 
pluralistic campus environment.

HOW TO APPLY: For full consideration, submit all materials by May 16th, 2013. Review of applications will 
continue until position is filled.

Applicants must submit the following:

Letter of application

Curriculum Vitae

Three letters of recommendation

Statement of teaching philosophy

Please send all materials electronically to Brandi Liantonio at liantoni@ uwp .edu. If it's necessary to send items 
through the mail send them to:

Attn: Brandi Liantonio

University of Wisconsin-Parkside

English 
Department

900 Wood Rd.

Kenosha, WI 53144

A criminal background check and degree verification will be required at the time of hire. The University of Wisconsin-
Parkside is an AA/EEO employer. 
[R]

CANADIAN INSTITUTIONS

Queen's U

English 
Lang & Lit, 99 University Av Kingston ON K7L 3N6 Canada

http://www.queensu.ca/english

Queen's National Scholar-Indigenous Literatures and Languages 18991

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21711

Indigenous Literatures and Languages

The Department of English 
Language and Literature, the Department of Drama, and the Department of Languages, 
Literatures and Cultures at Queen’s University jointly invite applications from outstanding scholars in the 
area of Indigenous Literatures and Languages for a faculty appointment at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor 
under the Queen’s National Scholar Program. The successful candidate will be expected to have Indigenous 
literature(s) or language(s) as his or her primary field; a secondary strength in other forms of creative or artistic 
practice would be an asset. In keeping with the strong ties between identity, culture, and land that are assumed in 
this field, the successful applicant will be expected to engage with local Indigenous nations and Indigenous students 
on campus. A detailed advertisement for this position is posted at: http:// www .queensu .ca/ english/ news/ positions 
.html. Review of applications will begin on August 1, 2013. [R]



OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS

American U in Cairo

Human Resources, American University in Cairo New York NY 10018

http://www.Click2Apply.net/265vy44

English 
and Comparative Literature 18853

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21385

Company Description:

 Founded in 1919, AUC moved to a new 270-acre state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo in 2008. The University 
also operates in its historic downtown facilities, offering cultural events, graduate classes, and continuing education. 
Student housing is available in both downtown Zamalek and New Cairo. Among the premier universities in 
the region, AUC is Middle States accredited; its Engineering programs are accredited by ABET, its Chemistry program 
is accredited by the Canadian Society for Chemistry, and the Management program is accredited by AACSB. 
The AUC Libraries contain the largest English-
language research collection in the region and are an active and 
integral part of the University’s pursuit of excellence in all academic and scholarly programs. AUC is an English-
medium institution; eighty-five percent of the students are Egyptian and the rest include students from nearly 
ninety countries, principally from the Middle East, Africa and North America. Faculty salary and rank are based 
on qualifications and professional experience. All faculty receive generous benefits, from AUC tuition to access to 
research funding; expatriate faculty also receive relocation benefits including annual home leave, and tuition assistance 
for school age children.

Job Description:

 The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature seeks an Assistant Professor of Contemporary Literature 
for a full time, tenure-track appointment beginning in Fall 2013. Possible fields of interest include but are not 
limited to: postcolonial theory, transnational and comparative literature, creative writing, and translation studies. 
Knowledge of Arabic and/or Turkish is an asset. The successful candidate is expected to teach undergraduate and 
graduate courses, actively engage in research, supervise master's theses in contemporary literature, and oversee the 
Writing Minor.

Requirements:

 Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English 
or Comparative Literature by the time of appointment, preferably with a 
record of an active research agenda and teaching experience.

Additional Information:

 Review of applications will begin April 7, 2013 and continue until the position is filled.

Application Instructions:

 All applicants must submit the following documents online: 

 a) a current C.V; 

b) a letter of interest; 

c) a statement of teaching philosophy; 

d) a completed Personal Information Form;

e) Please ask at least three referees familiar with your professional background to send reference letters directly to 
hussref@ aucegypt .edu .

Note: Please remember your account login enables you to respond to AUC additional questions (if required).



City U of Hong Kong

English, 
Kowloon Tong Kowloon NA HK

Graduate Teaching Assistants for Freshman English 
support at City University campus 18855

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21386

City University of Hong Kong is a dynamic, fast-growing university that is pursuing excellence in research and 
professional education. As a publicly-funded institution, the University is committed to nurturing and developing 
students' talent and creating applicable knowledge to support social and economic advancement.

Applications are invited for :

Graduate Teaching Assistants for Freshman English 
support at City University campus (Appointment for 12 months 
with possibility of extension. Semester-long appointments are also possible under certain circumstances.) [Ref. 
C/R/880/49]

Duties : Tutor introductory freshman writing courses for the Department of English, 
including Rhetoric and 
Composition, English 
for Science, English 
for Engineering, English 
for Business Communication, Creative Writing, 
English 
Cinema, English 
Autobiography, English 
Travel Writing, Asian Literature in English, 
and Shakespeare: 
Introduction to Genius.

Requirements : Graduates with a Bachelor's or Master's degree from local and/or overseas universities and experience 
in teaching, preferably in a tertiary context. Those with a background in business, engineering, law, media 
studies, or science are also welcome to apply. Priority will be given to students currently engaged in postgraduate 
studies who wish to spend some time in Hong Kong gathering data or gaining teaching experience. A limited 
number of Post-doctoral Fellowships are also available for candidates with PhDs in English 
Linguistics, Literature, 
Creative Writing or Rhetoric and Composition.

Salary and Conditions of Service

Salary offered will be competitive, commensurate with qualifications and experience. Fringe benefits include leave, 
medical and dental consultations at the campus clinic.

Information and Application

Additional information and application form are obtainable (a) from the University's homepage at http:// www6 
.cityu .edu .hk/ hro/ download/ job/ appform/ gta-catc .pdf, or (b) by mail with a self-addressed stamped envelope from 
the Human Resources Office, City University of Hong Kong, Tat Chee Avenue, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong, or 
(c) in person from the Reception Counter, Human Resources Office. Please send the completed application form 
and the required information stated in the form with a covering letter to the Human Resources Office by 15 April 
2013. Please quote the reference of the post in the application and on the envelope. Applications will receive full 
consideration. The University thanks all applicants for their interest; only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. 
The University reserves the right not to fill the positions. Personal data provided by applicants will be used strictly 
in accordance with the University's personal data policy, a copy of which will be provided upon request.

City University of Hong Kong is an equal opportunity employer 
and we are committed to the principle of diversity. 
We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, especially those who will enhance the diversity of our 
staff.

City University of Hong Kong was ranked the 95th among the world's top universities and the 12th in Asia according 
to the Quacquarelli Symonds 2012 surveys.

http:// www .cityu .edu.hk

U of Auckland

English, 
Private Bag 92019 Auckland New Zealand

http://www.auckland.ac.nz/opportunities

Lecturer in Drama 18997

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21737



The Department of English 
is seeking an appointment who will make a distinctive contribution in research, teaching 
and administration to our Drama Programmes. Drama at the University of Auckland can be taken as an undergraduate 
major or minor in the BA, and as a specialisation at BA(Honours) and Masters levels; the PhD in English 
also accommodates critical and creative projects in Drama.

The successful applicant will undertake practical and academic undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, develop 
major curriculum components of courses, and supervise the research activities of graduate students, including performances 
and other creative projects, as well as critical and academic writing. Specialities in New Zealand and 
Pacific Drama and/or in playwriting may be an advantage.

Starting date: 1 January 2014, or as soon as possible thereafter.

Enquiries of should be directed to Associate Professor Murray Edmond, ph (64) 9 923 7333, or email m .edmond@ auckland .ac .nz

Applications close 5 July 2013.

U of East Anglia

School of Lit, Drama & Creative Writing, Norwich NR4 7TJ United Kingdom

http://www.uea.ac.uk/hr/jobs/

Director, British Centre for Literary Translation 18958

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21642

BRITISH CENTRE FOR LITERARY TRANSLATION

DIRECTOR • Ref: ATR1133

Reader: £45,941 to £53,233 per annum

Professor: A competitive salary package is available for an outstanding candidate

The British Centre for Literary Translation is seeking to appoint a Director at Reader or Professor level. The Centre, 
which is part of the School of Literature, Drama and Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia, supports 
the art and profession of literary translation nationally and internationally and has a growing role in teaching 
and researching translation. The new Director will combine a strong profile in the field of translation and/or international 
literature with the vision and organisational abilities required to lead the Centre into the next stage of its 
development.

The post is available on a full-time indefinite basis from 1 September 2013.

Closing date: 12 noon on 31 May 2013.

Further particulars and an application form are available on our website: www .uea .ac .uk/ hr/ jobs/ or Tel. 01603 
593493.

U of Hong Kong

The University of Hong Kong, Registry, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Hong Kong

http://jobs.hku.hk

Assistant Professor 18902

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21459

Founded in 1911, The University of Hong Kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence 
in teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. The 
University has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and 
about 100 sub-divisions of studies and learning. There are over 23,400 undergraduate and postgraduate students 
coming from 50 countries, and more than 1,800 members of academic and academic-related staff, many of whom 
are internationally renowned.

School of Modern Languages and Cultures (SMLC)



(A) Assistant Professor in Hong Kong Studies (Ref.: 201300189) (B) Assistant Professor in Japanese-Korean Studies 
(Ref.: 201300190) (from September 1, 2013 or as soon as possible thereafter, on a three-year fixed-term basis, with 
the possibility of renewal. An appointee with demonstrated performance will be considered for tenure towards the 
end of the second three-year contract)

For post (A), applicants should have a Ph.D. degree or equivalent that focuses on any aspect of Hong Kong society, 
history, politics or culture by the date of appointment. The appointee will join the new, interdisciplinary Hong 
Kong Studies program and should have a demonstrated capacity to develop and teach courses that explore Hong 
Kong's global impact and engagement. A willingness and capacity to teach courses that connect to at least one of 
the following would be favorably considered: (i) the School's European Studies and American Studies programmes; 
and/or (ii) the School's programme in Global Creative Industries. Capacity to work in Cantonese and Mandarin 
is fundamental to the position. The Hong Kong Studies program commences in September 2013 and will be the 
flagship location for research on Hong Kong internationally. Commencing with an undergraduate Major in Hong 
Kong Studies, the program will also offer research postgraduate programs at M .Phil. and Ph.D. levels. As the key 
site for Hong Kong Studies, the program will coordinate teaching on Hong Kong Studies across the University 
and serve as a major generator of research on Hong Kong. Academics in the program will be active in promoting 
knowledge of Hong Kong internationally, nationally and locally through broad community engagement. Applicants 
who have responded to the last advertisement (Ref.: 201100973) are welcome to re-apply.

For post (B), applicants should have a Ph.D. degree or equivalent. The successful candidate should have teaching 
and research interests in transnational connections between Japan and Korea, and explore such areas as film studies, 
popular culture, or other visual and performing arts across cultures or disciplines. Responsibilities will include 
teaching at both undergraduate and graduate levels, mentoring students, and contributing to building the curriculum. 
The candidate must exhibit promise of leadership and vision, possess an excellent research agenda, and have an 
energetic and engaging personality for propelling the School to the next level of excellence.

For both posts, the successful candidates are expected to develop vigorous, independent research agenda, to excel 
in undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, and to participate in the administration of the School. Professorial 
staff in this school teach at least three courses annually. The SMLC, the University and the Hong Kong Research 
Grants Council provide substantial competitive funding for research projects of all kinds. Information about the 
School can be obtained at http:// www .hku .hk/ smlc/. Enquiries about the posts should be sent to Professor Louise 
Edwards, SMLC (e-mail: ledwards@ hku .hk).

A globally competitive remuneration package commensurate with the appointee's qualifications and experience 
will be offered. At current rates, salaries tax does not exceed 15% of gross income. The appointment will attract a 
contract-end gratuity and University contribution to a retirement benefits scheme, totalling up to 15% of basic salary, 
as well as leave and medical benefits. Housing benefits will be provided as applicable.

Applicants should send a completed application form, a letter of application, C.V., a writing sample of scholarly 
work, an abstract of a current research project, evidence of teaching ability (e.g. sample syllabi, student teaching 
evaluations), and three reference letters (one of which must explicitly address the candidate's teaching ability) to 
smlcsena@ hku .hk. Application forms (341/1111) can be obtained at http:// www .hku .hk/ apptunit/ form-ext .doc. 
Further particulars can be obtained at http:// jobs .hku .hk/. Please state clearly in the form the post and level applied 
for. Closes May 20, 2013.

The University thanks applicants for their interests, but advises that only shortlisted applicants will be notified of 
the application result.

The University is an equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to a No-Smoking Policy

U of Hong Kong

The University of Hong Kong, Registry, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Hong Kong

http://jobs.hku.hk

Assistant Professor in Popular Music and Cultural Studies in the School of Humanities 18842

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21364



Founded in 1911, The University of Hong Kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence 
in teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. The 
University has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and 
about 100 sub-divisions of studies and learning. There are over 23,400 undergraduate and postgraduate students 
coming from 50 countries, and more than 1,800 members of academic and academic-related staff, many of whom 
are internationally renowned.

Assistant Professor in Popular Music and Cultural Studies in the School of Humanities (Ref.: 201300152)

Applications are invited for a joint appointment in the departments of Comparative Literature and Music in the 
School of Humanities for an Assistant Professorship in Popular Music and Cultural Studies, from September 1, 
2013 or as soon as possible thereafter, on a three-year fixed-term basis, with the possibility of renewal. Appointees 
with demonstrated performance will be considered for tenure towards the end of the second three-year contract.

Applicants should have a Ph.D. degree by the date of appointment. Applicants should demonstrate a strong commitment 
and innovative approach to both teaching and research. The ideal candidate should embrace contemporary 
musical practices across the full spectrum of popular music, integrate modes of historical and ethnographic inquiry, 
and be committed to interdisciplinary work across music and cultural studies. Expertise in areas such as technology 
and the new media, the culture industry, and performance studies is desirable. Knowledge of popular musical 
studies in an Asian cultural context will be an advantage. The successful applicant will be expected to contribute to 
a range of cultural studies courses on popular music presented in theoretical, postcolonial, global, and comparative 
frames. Information about the School can be obtained at http:// www .soh .hku .hk/.

A globally competitive remuneration package commensurate with the appointee's qualifications and experience 
will be offered, as well as leave and medical benefits. At current rates, salaries tax does not exceed 15% of gross 
income. Appointments will attract a contract-end gratuity and University contribution to a retirement benefits 
scheme, totalling up to 15% of basic salary. Housing benefits will be provided as applicable.

Applicants should send a completed application form together with an up-to-date C.V. to AP152@ hku .hk.......... Application 
forms (341/1111) can be obtained at http:// www .hku .hk/ apptunit/ form-ext .doc. Further particulars can be 
obtained at http:// jobs .hku .hk/. Shortlisted candidates may be invited to attend an interview. Closes April 15, 2013.

The University thanks applicants for their interests, but advises that only shortlisted applicants will be notified of 
the application result.

The University is an equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to a No-Smoking Policy

U of Sydney

Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences, A-14 Quadrangle Sydney NSW 2006 Australia

http://goo.gl/yQ49e

LECTURER IN AMERICAN STUDIES 18996

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21736

US STUDIES CENTRE & FACULTY OF ARTS AND SOCIAL SCIENCES (Joint appointment)

• Use your expertise in English, 
History, Politics, Film Studies or Media Studies

• Full-time, continuing, attractive remuneration

The American Studies Program draws on staff from the Departments of English, 
Film Studies, History, Government 
and Music and the US Studies Centre to offer the most extensive, multidisciplinary major in American Studies 
in Australia.

Responsibilities:

• teach two American Studies units and develop curriculum

• supervise postgraduate students

• contribute to research



• develop interdisciplinary collaborations

• engage with media and the public.

Requirements:

• PhD in American Studies (either History, Politics, English, 
Film Studies or Media Studies)

• teaching and research profile in American Studies

• experience working with a range of stakeholders

• demonstrated capacity for outreach and work on collaborative research projects.

Visit sydney .edu .au/ recruitment and search by reference number 839/0413 for full information and to apply

CLOSES: 19 June 2013 (11.30pm Sydney time) [R]

U of Sydney

Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences, A-14 Quadrangle Sydney NSW 2006 Australia

http://goo.gl/Gt3YC

LECTURER IN ENGLISH 18861

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21382

SCHOOL OF LETTERS, ART AND MEDIA

• Exciting opportunity for an Australian literature specialist

• Full-time, 3 year fixed term (or 2.5 years depending on start date) with attractive remuneration

Responsibilities:

• teach and convene the foundation unit ENGL 1008-Australian Texts: International Contexts

• contribute to teaching other undergraduate (and potentially postgraduate) courses in Australian literature and 
English


• contribute to the research strengths of the school in Australian literary studies

• supervise undergraduate and postgraduate research students

• develop interdisciplinary collaborations within the University, across academic fields and with external 
stakeholders

• contribute to academic administration and engage in the life of the English 
department.

Visit sydney .edu .au/ recruitment and search by reference no: 162/0113 for more information and to apply.

CLOSES: 10 April 2013 (11:30pm Sydney time)

Ideally the successful applicant will be able to commence employment in July 2013, however, this is negotiable. 
[R]

POSTDOCTORAL LISTINGS

Bowdoin C

English, 
8300 College Stn Brunswick ME 04011

http://www.bowdoin.edu/digital-computational-studies/

Post-Doctoral Fellow, Digital & Computational Studies, Bowdoin College, Fall 2013, Humanities Emphas 18883

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21436



Bowdoin College, in support of its Digital and Computational Studies Initiative, invites applications for a Post-
Doctoral Fellow position in the humanities starting Fall 2013. The appointment will be for two years with the possibility 
of renewal for one additional year. The ideal candidate could come from any humanities discipline but must 
have a commitment to using digital and/or computational methodologies in their scholarship or artistic creation, 
and instruction. Responsibilities will include (1) assisting in the creation of new courses that introduce students to 
multi-disciplinary approaches to digital and computational studies, (2) offering courses in his or her own discipline 
or area of specialization, and (3) helping to craft and launch the new program in digital and computational studies. 
The first digital and computational studies course to be offered in Fall 2013—with the Post-Doctoral Fellow’s assistance—
will be Gateway to the Digital Humanities, to be team taught by Pamela Fletcher in Art History and Eric 
Chown in Computer Science.

The rising importance of digital and computational methods is transforming higher education and, in particular, 
the traditional view of the liberal arts. The liberal arts, broadly speaking, also have the power—perhaps the responsibility—
to participate in and shape the development, use, and interpretative capabilities of these tools. Bowdoin’s 
Digital and Computational Studies Initiative invites faculty from across the College to work together to integrate 
new technologies and forms of creative expression and knowledge production into our curriculum and our scholarship. 
The new Post-Doctoral Fellow will be both a resource and a catalyst for these efforts. More information on 
the Digital and Computational Studies Initiative will be found at our website:

http:// www .bowdoin .edu/ digital-computational-studies/

Bowdoin values a strong commitment to research and a promise of successful scholarly engagement as well as a 
dedication to teaching excellence in a liberal arts environment. The teaching load will consist of one course each 
semester in addition to assisting with the introductory digital and computational studies course. Ph.D. preferred, 
but the quality of the applicant is more important than the extent of his or her credentials.

Bowdoin College accepts only electronic submissions. Applications should consist of a completed application profile, 
cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of research and/or professional activity plans, statement on teaching 
philosophy, and the names of three references who have agreed to provide letters of recommendation. Please visit 
https:// careers .bowdoin .edu to apply. Review of applications will begin Monday, April 8, 2013, and will continue 
until the position is filled.

Founded in 1794 on the Maine coast, Bowdoin is one of the oldest and most selective coeducational, residential 
liberal arts colleges in the country. Bowdoin’s reputation rests on the excellence of its faculty and students, its intimate 
size, strong sense of community, commitment to diversity (30% students of color, 4% international students 
and approximately 15% first generation college students), and treasured links with the people, history, and natural 
beauty of Maine. Bowdoin College is committed to equality and is an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage 
inquiries from candidates who will enrich and contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. Bowdoin 
College does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, gender identity 
and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, national origin, or disability status in employment or in our 
education programs.

Bowdoin College offers strong support for faculty research and teaching. For further information about the College 
and Midcoast Maine please see our website at http:// www .bowdoin .edu/. [R]

Haverford C

English, 
370 Lancaster Av Haverford PA 19041

http://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21441

Haverford College Writing Fellows 18884

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21441

The Writing Program at Haverford College is seeking two Writing Fellows for the year 2013–14. Women and 
members of underrepresented minority groups are strongly encouraged to apply. Ph. D. required at time of appointment 
or ABD with plans to complete and defend by the conclusion of the first year of the appointment. We 
are particularly interested in candidates who might bring expertise in developmental writing, ESL, science writing, 
public speaking, writing as social practice, etc., and who are ready to teach a diverse student body. These fellows 
will teach four first year writing seminars—text-based and thematically unified—two in each semester in a seminar 



required of all first year students. Fellows will also offer workshops through the Writing Center in different kinds 
of writing practice, i.e., workshops for senior thesis writers, etc. and participate in other on-going writing projects 
(assessment, etc.). The fellowship is for one year, renewable for up to three years (inclusive); the salary is competitive 
and the position is fully benefitted. The successful applicant will have held the degree for no more than six 
years. Please send a letter of application, a current CV, three letters of recommendation, and a brief writing sample 
through the interfolio link above by April 20, 2013, or via Carol Henry, search secretary, at chenry@ haverford 
.edu.

Haverford is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer 
with a longstanding commitment to diversity 
rooted in values of inclusion, social justice, peacemaking and conflict resolution.

U of Chicago

Rom Langs & Lit, 1115 E 58th St, Wb 205 Chicago IL 60637

http://tinyurl.com/cmua7w6

Lecturer-Center for Latin American Studies 18906

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21487

Position Title: Lecturer-Center for Latin American Studies

Posting Number: 01684

The University of Chicago Center for Latin American Studies invites applications for a post-doctoral position as a 
Lecturer in Latin American Studies to begin in Fall 2013. The Latin American Studies Program includes an interdisciplinary 
M.A. Program in Latin American Studies serving students with research interests in social sciences and 
humanities, and a B.A. major in Latin American Studies that has a social sciences emphasis. Recent PhDs (within 
the past six years) in the humanities, social sciences or area studies who deal with Latin American issues are encouraged 
to apply. Relevant disciplines include sociology, political science, anthropology, history, literature, and media 
studies. The successful candidate will teach an M.A. Proseminar (meets over two quarters), advise M.A. students, 
and will develop one graduate/undergraduate course and two undergraduate-only courses in their own specialty. 
This is a twelve-month appointment. The appointment is for one year, with the possibility of renewal for a second 
year dependent upon performance review.

The Lecturer in Latin American Studies is responsible for:

In collaboration with Latin American Studies faculty, teaching the M.A. Proseminar, a graduate-level academic 
seminar designed to give in-coming Latin American Studies MA students a critical understanding of the major theoretical 
approaches, principal research methods, and current trends in Latin American Studies and to help students 
develop the proposal for their master's thesis.

Teaching one undergraduate/graduate course in the incumbent's field of expertise.

Teaching two undergraduate-only courses in the incumbent's field of expertise.

General academic and career advising of M.A. students in Latin American Studies.

Directing individual B.A. Papers and M.A. theses, as needed.

All requirements toward the PhD degree must be completed by August 31, 2013. Teaching experience is required. 
The ideal candidate will be able to give theoretical and methodological advice to master's level students with a 
broad range of social science and humanities interests.

To apply for this position please go to the University of Chicago Academic Career Opportunities web site https:// 
academiccareers .uchicago .edu.................................................................................... and select requisition #01684. Applicants are required to upload the following materials—
cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching statement, dissertation abstract, reference contact information, and 
up to three writing samples/publications. Under separate cover, please have three letters of recommendation sent to 
the Center for Latin American Studies, 5848 South University Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637.

To receive full consideration, applications must be received by May 10, 2013.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer.




U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

http://unr.edu/cla/ch

Post Doctoral Fellow, Core Humanities 18960

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21643

The University of Nevada, Reno, Core Humanities Program is seeking candidates for a full-time Postdoctoral Fellowship. 
Duties include: teaching in Core Humanities and preparing for academic career in teaching and research. 
For complete position description and requirements, please visit: https:// www .unrsearch .com/ postings/ 12608 or 
contact: Search Chair Dr. Greta De Jong or Search Coordinator Jodie Helman at (775) 784-4447. EEO/AA women 
and under-represented groups are encouraged to apply.

U of Texas, Austin

Department of English, 
Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712

CLIR Postdoctoral Fellowship for Digital Curation in Medieval Studies 18847

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21394

The University of Texas at Austin (UT) invites applications for a two-year CLIR Postdoctoral Fellowship for 
Digital Curation in Medieval Studies. UT is a home site for the innovative MAPPAMUNDI project and various 
projects in the digital humanities. The UT English 
Department, Libraries, and the Texas Advanced Computing 
Center together offer a unique opportunity for the selected fellow to build skills as a global medievalist and digital 
humanist. The Fellow will acquire training in a global Middle Ages, and help to build MAPPAMUNDI—a digital 
entity that will constitute a planet-wide gateway to all the digital resources available on a global Middle Ages, and 
offering customizable interactions with data. The fellow will also collaborate with UT Libraries staff to research 
and propose the next steps for digital humanities at the Libraries, and serve as a liaison between the Libraries, the 
English 
Department, and other UT academic unit partners in digital collaboration. The fellow may teach one 
course a year on an appropriate subject. The successful candidate will hold the doctorate in a relevant field of medieval 
studies and exhibit some familiarity and expertise in digital humanities. Familiarity with multimodal applications, 
talents in aesthetic design, and experience in digital graphic design, are highly desirable skill sets, though not 
absolutely required. Annual salary is $60,000, with benefits. One or two samples of work, preferably with at least 
one digital sample requested (links acceptable). A full position description and application information are available 
at: http:// www .clir .org/ fellowships/ postdoc/ applicants/ dc-medieval. An Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action 
Employer


US-Israel Educational Foundation

Fulbright Post-Doctoral Fellowships, Ben Yehuda 1, Migdalor Bldg, Floor 10 P.O. Box 26160 Tel Aviv 61261 
Israel

http://fulbright.org.il/en/?page_id=1024;

Fulbright Israel Post-Doctoral Fellowships for American Researchers in All Academic Disciplines 18885

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21432

The United States-Israel Educational Foundation (USIEF), the Fulbright commission for Israel, offers 8 fellowships 
to American post-doctoral researchers in support of work to be carried out at Israeli universities during the course 
of the 2014/2015–2015/2016 academic years.

The US Post-Doctoral Fellowship Program is open to candidates in all academic disciplines.

Program grants total $40,000, $20,000 per academic year.

Program fellows must be accepted as post-doctoral researchers by Israeli host institutions, which agree to provide 
them with a standard post-doctoral grant, which they will receive in addition to their Fulbright Fellowship. Thus, 
the total financial support received by Program Fellows is likely to be in the range of at least $35,000-$40,000 per 
year.



Applications for 2014/2015–2015/2016 Fulbright Post-Doctoral Fellowships must be submitted to the Council for 
International Exchange of Scholars by August 1, 2013.

Further details on the program and on application procedures may be found at:

http:// fulbright .org .il/ en/?page_ id=1024;

http:// catalog .cies .org/ viewAward .aspx?n=4397&dc=IS;

http:// www .cies .org/ us_ scholars/ us_ awards/ Application .htm.

Potential candidates should contact Ms. Judy Stavsky, Deputy Director, USIEF (jstavsky@ fulbright .org .il; +972–3-
517-2392) for advice and assistance.

Washington U

English, 
1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130

http://jobs.wustl.edu

Postdoctoral Teaching Fellowship in Contemporary American Fiction – 25764 18952

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21639

One-year postdoctoral teaching fellowship in Contemporary American Fiction in the English 
Department at 
Washington University in St. Louis. Our postdoctoral program features mentoring from senior faculty, the expectations 
and benefits of participation in the full intellectual life of the department and college, and a teaching expectation 
of two courses per semester, which will fall within this designated historical field. The position is funded at 
a level designed to be competitive. Please send letter of application, précis of dissertation, and 7500-word writing 
sample to our online application service, http:// jobs .wustl .edu, and provide the reference job number of 25764. 
Also, please have three letters of reference sent electronically to Professor Vincent Sherry, Chair, Department of 
English: vsherry@ wustl .edu..................................................................................... Priority will be given to application received by 20 May 2013. Washington University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer 
and encourages applications from women, ethnic minorities, 
veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Employment eligibility verification required upon hire.



ARABIC

Carleton C

Middle Eastern Langs, 1 N College St Northfield MN 55057

http://www.carleton.edu/

Lecturer in Arabic 19004

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21743

The Department of Middle Eastern Languages at Carleton College invites applications for a full-time lecturer in 
its dynamic and growing Arabic program, beginning September 1, 2013. This will be a one year appointment. Primary 
responsibilities include teaching two courses per term in a ten-week trimester system and conducting extracurricular 
activities. Native or near fluency in both Arabic and English 
required. The ideal candidate will hold an 
MA or Ph.D. in Arabic language, literature, applied linguistics, or a related field, and will have experience teaching 
Modern Standard Arabic at the college level. ABDs are welcome to apply. Salary is competitive. Carleton is a 
highly selective Liberal Arts college, located in Northfield, MN, about a 45-minute drive from Minneapolis Saint 
Paul.

To apply, please visit the Carleton College Web site at https:// jobs .carleton .edu to complete the online application, 
including a letter of application, c.v., and statement of teaching philosophy, and contact information for three letters 
of recommendation. Review of complete applications will begin on June 15th, 2013, and will continue until the 
position is filled.

Carleton College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, 
marital status, veteran status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, status with 
regard to public assistance, disability, or age in providing employment or access to its educational facilities and 
activities.

For further inquiries please contact Prof. Yaron Klein at: yklein@ carleton .edu

Carnegie Mellon U

Mod Langs, Baker Hall 160 Pittsburgh PA 15213

http://www.cmu.edu/dietrich/modlang/

Assistant Professor of Arabic 19005

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21745

The Department of Modern Languages invites applications for a tenure track position in Arabic beginning in August 
2014. Of particular interest are candidates at the rank of assistant professor whose research focuses on one or 
more of following areas: literary and cultural studies, second language acquisition and literacy, bilingual studies, 
technology enhanced learning. Successful candidates must have an earned Ph.D., strong evidence of research productivity, 
excellence in teaching, potential for securing extramural funding, native or near-native proficiency in 
Arabic, and interest in teaching courses across the range of the curriculum. Teaching load is 2+2.

Summer 2013

Foreign Language 
Departmental Job Listings

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy 
(www.mla.org/jil_jobseekers_mla).

56 MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST • ENGLISH AND FOREIGN LANGUAGE EDITION • SUMMER 2013



Applications will be accepted online through Interfolio and should arrive not later than October, 31, 2013. Applicants 
should use the Interfolio link to submit a letter of application (indicating, among other things, any professional 
conferences they plan to attend between October 2013 and January 2014, including the MESA meeting in 
New Orleans, the ACTFL meeting in Orlando and the MLA meeting in Chicago), resume, statements of teaching, 
research, and curricular interests, and three (3) letters of recommendation. Representative publications, not to be 
returned, may also be included.

Carnegie Mellon University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.


Colorado C

French, Italian & Arabic, 14 E Cache la Poudre Colorado Springs CO 80903

http://www.coloradocollege.edu/academics/dept/french-italian-arabic/

Visiting Assistant Professor of Arabic 18829

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21365

The Department of French, Italian and Arabic at The Colorado College seeks a visiting Assistant Professor in Arabic 
(non-tenure track) beginning in Fall 2013.

Desired qualifications include a Ph D in hand or near completion, language teaching experience at the university 
level, native or near-native command of Arabic (both Modern Standard and at least one dialect) and English. 
The 
ideal candidates will demonstrate interest in teaching interdisciplinary and comparative topics or perspectives that 
will contribute to our various programs, including but not limited to Middle Eastern and Islamic Studies, Race and 
Ethnic Studies, Feminist and Gender Studies, African Studies.

Colorado College is a distinguished liberal arts college with a history of innovative and interdisciplinary teaching. 
Candidates must thus demonstrate evidence of superior teaching, commitment to undergraduate education and an 
active program of scholarship.

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, copies of transcripts, a teaching 
philosophy statement and samples of teaching evaluations by March 31, 2013 to:

Prof. Michael O’Riley, Chair, Department of French, Italian and Arabic, c/o Teresa Latimer, The Colorado 
College, 14 E. Cache la Poudre, Colorado Springs, CO 80903, or by e-mail(preferred) to Teresa Latimer@ 
ColoradoCollege .edu.

Colorado College is committed to increasing the diversity of the college community and curriculum; candidates 
who can contribute to that goal are particularly encouraged to apply and to identify themselves and their relevant 
experience. Equal opportunity employer: 
The Colorado College welcomes members of all groups and reaffirms its 
commitment not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation or 
disability in its educational programs, activities and employment practices. For more information about Colorado 
College see www .coloradocollege .edu. [R]

Loyola U Maryland

Mod Langs & Lits, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210

http://www.loyola.edu

Visiting Affiliate Assistant Professor (or Instructor) of Arabic 18922

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21509

The Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at Loyola University Maryland is seeking a full-time instructor 
to teach Modern Standard Arabic in the department for the 2013–2014 academic year. The instructor 
would teach 8 sections per year and participate in cultural and club events and the life of the department, instituting 
Arabic-language activities for students. Successful candidates must have a Master's degree in an appropriate field, 
must have native or near-native fluency in Arabic, and must have college teaching experience. Applicants must submit 
the following online (https:// careers .loyola .edu): a letter of intent, curriculum vita and evidence of excellence 
in teaching. Please send letters of recommendation and original transcripts to:



Ms. Natalie Rock, Administrative Assistant

Department of Modern Languages and Literatures

Loyola University Maryland

4501 N. Charles Street

Baltimore, MD 21210-2699

For more information, please contact Ms. Rock at 410.617.2780 or nrock@ loyola .edu.

Loyola is an EOE/AA employer.


Smith C

Program in Middle East Studies, Wright Hall Northampton MA 01063

http://www.smith.edu

Lecturer in Arabic Language 19063

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21857

The Five College Arabic Language Initiative and the Program in Middle East Studies at Smith College invite applications 
for a one-year (with possible renewal) Lecturer position in Arabic Language, which will be based at 
Smith College beginning Fall 2013. Master’s degree in Arabic Language, Literature, Linguistics, Culture, Arabic 
Studies, or relevant fields required. Ph.D. preferred. We seek candidates with demonstrated experience and excellence 
in teaching Arabic language with the proficiency-communicative approach at all levels of proficiency at the 
college level. The position involves teaching five courses each academic year. Ability to teach advanced content 
courses preferred. Native or near-native fluency in English, 
Modern Standard Arabic, and at least one Arabic dialect 
is necessary.

For more information and to apply, visit https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 21818. Review of applications begins 
July 5, 2013. Five Colleges, Incorporated, and its member campuses are equal opportunity employers. 
[R]

U of Nevada, Reno

For Langs & Lit, MS/0100 Reno NV 89557

https://www.unrsearch.com/postings/12456

Lecturer (Arabic) 18899

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21457

The Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures at the University of Nevada, Reno invites applications for 
a full-time Lecturer in Arabic for the 2013–2014 academic year. This is a non-tenure-track position that is contingent 
upon funding and renewable for a period of up to three years. Primary duties include teaching first-through 
second-year language courses and developing a cohesive curriculum in Arabic. The ideal candidate would also be 
able to teach elementary French. Minimum requirements include MA degree, native/near-native proficiency in 
English 
and Arabic, and evidence of teaching excellence. Upload to search website a letter of interest and CV, and 
have three confidential letters of recommendation submitted to Matt Vandevert, Search Coordinator, College of 
Liberal Arts, Foreign Languages and Literatures, University of Nevada, Reno, MS 100, Reno, NV 89557-0100. 
https:// www .unrsearch .com/ postings/ 12456

All application materials must be received by May 1, 2013. EEO/AA.



CHINESE

The Ramaz School

60 East 78th Street New York NY 10075

http://ramaz.org

Ramaz UpperSchool Part Time Mandarin Teacher 18854

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21381

Ramaz UpperSchool Part Time Mandarin Teacher

Ramaz is a co-educational modern Orthodox day school striving for excellence in Jewish Education.

Ramaz Upper School seeks part time Mandarin Teacher for 2013/2014 academic year. Candidate must have native 
fluency, with an advanced degree and classroom experience.

We offer excellent salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. An EOE.

2 Years Experience and Masters Degree preferred

Please email Cover Letter and Resume to HR@ ramaz .org

Southern Methodist U

World Langs & Lits, PO Box 750236, 309 Clements Dallas TX 75275

http://www.smu.edu

Professor of Practice in Chinese 18841

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21369

The Department of World Languages and Literatures invites applicants for a Chinese Professor of the Practice position 
for the academic year 2013–14, for a two-year contract with possibility of renewal. M.A. or higher required 
at the time of appointment. We seek candidates with demonstrated excellence in teaching a variety of language 
and culture courses at the college level and with training in second language acquisition and pedagogy. Native or 
near-native proficiency in Chinese necessary. Native or near-native proficiency in English 
preferred. The successful 
candidate will be expected to teach Chinese language at all levels and possibly teach Chinese culture or literature. 
To ensure full consideration for the position, the application must be postmarked April 1, 2013 but the committee 
will continue to accept applications until the position is filled. The committee will notify applicants of its employment 
decision after the position is filled. Send cover letter, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, evidence of excellent 
teaching, two letters of reference, and a photocopy of transcripts through Interfolio ByCommittee via the 
link above or by mail to Professor Marie-Luise Gaettens, Chair, Department of World Languages and Literatures, 
Southern Methodist University, PO Box 750236, Dallas TX 75275-0236. Finalists will be interviewed by SKYPE. 
SMU will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, 
or veteran status. SMU’s commitment to equal opportunity includes nondiscrimination on the basis of 
sexual orientation and gender identity and expression. Hiring is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of a 
background check.

Position No. 053177 C

U of Akron

Mod Langs, 302 Buchtel Common Olin Hall, Rm 304 Akron OH 44325

http://www.uakron.edu

Visiting Instructor, Chinese 19000

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21744

The Department of Modern Languages at The University of Akron invites applications for a 12-month core teaching 
position in Chinese beginning Fall 2013.



This is a one-year position renewable for up to five years based on satisfactory performance and availability of the 
grant funding from the Chinese Ministry of Education. In addition to teaching courses, the main duties will entail: 
coordination of Chinese language program; development of curriculum; training, supervision and evaluation of 
Chinese teachers in the Confucius Institute at The University of Akron; and organization of teaching workshops 
and demonstrations.

The successful candidate must have the following: Masters degree or equivalent, be native or near-native fluency 
in both Chinese and English, 
proficiency in North American models of language and content area pedagogy, and 
strong cross-cultural communication ability.

For complete details and to apply for this position, visit: http:// www .uakron .edu/ jobs/. Job # 7928. The University 
of Akron is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity and to the principles of affirmative action in 
accordance with state and federal laws.

FRENCH See also Romance Languages

C of Charleston

Langs, Cultures, & World Affairs Sch, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424

http://cofc.edu

Visiting Assistant Professors of French and Francophone Studies 18831

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21371

Two positions: One year, non-tenure track appointments to begin August 16, 2013. Ph.D. in French, field open. 
We seek enthusiastic colleagues dedicated to teaching and working with undergraduate students in our French program. 
Successful candidates will teach basic and intermediate courses as well as composition and conversation with 
possible opportunities for survey of French and Francophone literature and culture courses as available. Teaching 
load 4–4. Requires strong command of French and English. 
At least two years of full-time teaching experience 
preferred. To apply send (1) letter of application, detailing experience/preparation; (2) teaching philosophy; (3) CV; 
(4) unofficial transcripts; (5) recent student evaluations; (6) three recent letters of recommendation to Dr. Robyn 
Holman, Search Committee Chair, French, Francophone and Italian Studies, College of Charleston, Charleston, 
SC 29424. Submit electronically to holmanr@ cofc .edu. Review of applications will begin April 15, 2013, and will 
continue until the positions are filled. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

C of the Holy Cross

Mod Langs & Lits, 1 College St Worcester MA 01610

Visiting Full-Time Faculty Position in French 18834

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21348

The Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for a 
full-time visiting appointment in French to begin in August 2013. This position is potentially renewable pending 
successful review of teaching in the first year. We are particularly interested in applicants with demonstrated success 
at the first and second year of language learning, and those who can provide evidence of effective and innovative 
teaching at the more advanced levels. Opportunities exist to teach courses in English 
in various other programs. 
We seek a person who is committed to undergraduate teaching and to co-curricular activities.

Visiting full-time faculty teach 3 courses each semester and are eligible for travel support and reimbursement of 
relocation costs within the College’s published policies. All full-time appointments offer competitive salaries and 
include full benefits. [R]



C of Mt St Vincent

Mod Langs & Lits, 6301 Riverdale Av Riverdale NY 10471

http://www.mountsaintvincent.edu/6795.htm

French Adjunct Faculty 18957

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21647

For the Fall 2013 semester, the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at the

College of Mount Saint Vincent is seeking adjunct faculty to teach:

French 101: French for Beginners I (TRF 12:30–1:20 and TRF 1:30–2:20)

French 210: Writing French (TR 2:30–3:45)

The salary per section is $2700.

Masters degree in French or a related discipline is the minimum educational requirement. College teaching experience 
preferred.

The College of Mount Saint Vincent is located in Riverdale, New York. For more information about the College, 
please go to cmsv .edu

Please submit a cover letter and curriculum vitae to HR@ mountsaintvincent .edu

Please write French Adjunct in subject line.

Christopher Newport U

Mod & Classical Langs & Lit, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606

http://www.cnu.edu

Lecturer in French (Anticipated Position) 18947

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21548

Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures (MCLL) at Christopher Newport University invites 
applications for anticipated, full-time, non-tenure-track renewable contract faculty position in French at Lecturer 
rank beginning Fall 2013. The Department is central to CNU’s curriculum and mission, and prides itself on 
its collegiality and cross-disciplinary outreach. Commitment to undergraduate education; demonstrated potential 
for excellence in teaching and guiding undergraduate research; and Native or near-native fluency in French required. 
We seek teacher-scholars whose primary area of specialization is 20th c. French and francophone literature 
and culture. Ability to teach courses on cinema and/or cross-cultural awareness highly desired. Primary responsibilities 
include teaching elementary through advanced undergraduate courses in French and courses taught in English 
on literature and culture. Lecturers are encouraged to maintain an active scholarly agenda and are eligible for 
funding to support research. Earned Ph.D. in French or related field in hand by 8/19/13 preferred and required for 
Lecturer. ABDs and M.A.'s considered for Instructor rank. Nominal teaching load is 4–4.

Located between historic Colonial Williamsburg and the ocean resort of Virginia Beach, CNU is committed to 
outstanding teaching and learning, undergraduate education, and the liberal studies core; the University is seeking 
to shelter a Phi Beta Kappa chapter. The Fall 2012 freshman class of approximately 1,375 students was selected from 
over 7,000 applicants with a middle 50% SAT range: 1100–1240 (Critical Reading and Math). Capital improvements 
(approaching $1 billion) on the beautiful, 260-acre campus integrate the University’s liberal arts vision, nurturing 
mind, body, and spirit. These include the state-of-the-art Trible Library, home to the most comprehensive 
maritime research collections in the world; three new academic buildings including a newly opened integrated 
science building; the Freeman Center athletic complex; and the I.M. Pei-designed Ferguson Center for the Arts, 
which brings to Virginia the finest performing artists in the world. Please visit our website at http:// www .cnu .edu.

Please send letter of interest, current curriculum vitae, copies of graduate transcripts (photocopies acceptable for 
initial screening), statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation to: Director of EO and 
Faculty Recruitment, French (Lecturer) Faculty Search, Search #8007, Christopher Newport University, 1 Avenue 
of the Arts, Newport News, VA 23606-3072 or mlmoody@ cnu .edu.



Review of applications begins 5/13/13. Applications received after 5/13/13, will be accepted but considered only if 
needed. Search finalists required to complete CNU sponsored background check. CNU, an EOE, is fully committed 
to Access and Opportunity. [R]

Coastal Carolina U

Communications, Langs & Cultures, PO Box 261954 Conway SC 29528

http://jobs.coastal.edu

Lecturer of French 18979

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21713

Lecturer of French

The Department of Communication, Languages and Cultures at Coastal Carolina University invites applications 
for an appointment as Lecturer of French, effective August 2013.

Candidates must have a M.A. or Ph.D. in French. College-level teaching experience in the United States is a plus. 
Distance learning teaching experience is also beneficial. The teaching load is five (5) sections of introductory and/
or intermediate classes in French per semester. Teaching assignments may include evening courses. Other duties 
include holding office hours and all aspects of management and reporting about the courses taught, as well as participating 
in departmental, College, and University life. The appointment is renewable and includes benefits. Familiarity 
with assessment and technology would be beneficial.

Coastal Carolina University, a public liberal arts institution located just nine miles from the Atlantic coast resort of 
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, enrolls more than 9,000 students from 48 states and 39 nations. The University is 
accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award the baccalaureate 
and master’s degrees.

Interested candidates should apply electronically at http:// jobs .coastal .edu by submitting a cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, letters of recommendation, and the names and contact information for three professional references. Review 
of the applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Coastal Carolina University is building a culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates. CCU is an EO/AA employer.


Loyola U Maryland

Mod Langs & Lits, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210

http://www.loyola.edu

Affiliate Assistant Professor (or Instructor) of French 18924

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21511

The Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at Loyola University Maryland is seeking a full-time 
non-tenure-track French instructor to teach at the beginning and intermediate levels in the 2013–2014 academic 
year (4/4 load). The successful candidate must have a Master's degree in French, Second-Language Acquisition in 
French, or equivalent, must be fluent in French, and must have college teaching experience.

Applicants must submit the following online (https:// careers .loyola .edu): a letter of application, curriculum vita, 
and evidence of excellence in teaching. Please send two letters of recommendation to:

Ms. Natalie Rock, Administrative Assistant

Department of Modern Languages and Literatures

Loyola University Maryland

4501 N. Charles Street

Baltimore, MD 21210-2699

Loyola is an EOE/AA employer.




Simon Fraser U

French, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada

http://www.sfu.ca/french

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in French Literature 19006

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21746

The Department of French, Simon Fraser University, invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor in French Literature /Ancien Régime. This position, effective May 1, 2014, is subject to budgetary 
approval. For a detailed position description visit the university website at: http:// www .sfu .ca/ vpacademic/ 
faculty_ openings/ arts .html.

Applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier, statement outlining current and future 
research interests, copy of recent publications, and three letters of reference to the Department Chair, Dr. Catherine 
Black, at the link above. Review of applications will begin August 15, 2013 and will continue until the position 
has been filled.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
SFU is committed to the principle of equity in employment.

For details on the collection of personal information please see: http:// www .sfu .ca/ vpacademic/ Faculty_ Openings/ Collection_ Notice.html [R]

Southern Methodist U

World Langs & Lits, PO Box 750236, 309 Clements Dallas TX 75275

http://www.smu.edu

Professor of Practice in French 18886

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21440

Position No. 00053182. Professor of Practice of French. The Department of World Languages and Literatures in 
Dedman College at Southern Methodist University seeks a full-time, non-tenure-track professor of practice in 
French beginning fall semester 2013. One-year contract with possibility of subsequent three-year contract renewals. 
M.A. or equivalent in French required; Ph.D. a plus. We seek candidates with demonstrated excellence in 
teaching a variety of language and culture courses at the college level and with training in second language acquisition 
and pedagogy. Native or near-native proficiency in French and English 
required. To ensure full consideration 
for the position, the application must be postmarked by May 1, 2013, but the committee will continue to accept 
applications until the position is filled. The committee will notify applicants of its employment decision after the 
position is filled. Send cover letter, cv, statement of teaching philosophy, two letters of reference, and a photocopy 
of transcripts to Professor Marie-Luise Gättens, Chair, World Languages and Literatures, Southern Methodist University, 
P.O. Box 750236, Dallas TX 75275-0236. SMU will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, 
national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status. SMU’s commitment to equal opportunity 
includes nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity and expression. Hiring is 
contingent upon the satisfactory completion of a background check.

U of Chicago

The College, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637

http://academiccareers.uchicago.edu

Lecturer in French 18868

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21400

The Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at the University of Chicago is accepting applications for a 
full-time one-year (renewable) Lecturer position in French to start on September 1, 2013. Responsibilities include 
teaching six language courses per year (2 courses per quarter) plus assist with course administration and/or mate



rials development. Degree in second language teaching or acquisition, cultural studies, translation or linguistics 
preferred. Native or near-native proficiency required. Strong teaching experience and student evaluations essential.

To apply for this position you must submit your application through the University of Chicago Academic Career 
Opportunities website, https:// academiccareers .uchicago .edu....................................................., and select requisition #01642. Applicants must upload 
a cover letter, curriculum vitae, student evaluations, and provide names and contact information for three 
recommenders.

Application deadline: All materials must be uploaded by Friday, April 5, 2013.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of Maine

Mod Langs & Classics, 201 Little Hall Orono ME 04469

http://www.umaine.edu/mlandc/

One-Year, Fixed Length Assistant Professor of French 18914

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21476

The Department of Modern Languages and Classics at the University of Maine invites applications for a one-year, 
fixed length academic-year position as Assistant Professor of French starting September 1, 2013. A 5-course per 
year teaching load in lower and/or advanced courses in French language, as well as graduate courses with French-
Canadian emphasis, including a course on the North American French novel. An earned doctorate (or equivalent) 
in French, French Studies, Francophone Studies, or related field and native or near-native fluency in French required. 
The successful candidate will collaborate with the Canadian-American Center in maintaining the Title VI 
Canadian Studies program. An interest in participating in multi-disciplinary fields (International Affairs, Franco-
American Studies, etc.) preferred.

To see a full description, visit the University of Maine Human Resources web page: http:// jobs .umaine .edu/ blog/ 
2013/ 04/ 02/ assistant-professor-of-french/.

To apply, upload letter of application with a description of on-going research projects, CV, copies of graduate transcripts, 
statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference.

The position is open until filled. Applications received after the first screening date of April 22, 2013 will be considered 
at the discretion of the University. Incomplete applications cannot be considered. Appropriate background 
checks are required.

On January 1, 2011, UMaine became a tobacco-free campus. Information regarding UMaine's tobacco-free policy 
is online at http:// umaine .edu/ tobaccofree.

The University of Maine is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.


U of Minnesota, Twin Cities

French & Ital, 9 Pleasant St SE, 314 Folwell Hall Minneapolis MN 55455

http://frit.umn.edu

Assistant Professor of French 18872

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21408

Full-time, Visiting Assistant Professor position in French and Francophone Studies for academic year 2013–14 only. 
Position subject to funding availability.

Ph.D. (or equivalent terminal degree) in French or a closely related field (degree in hand by 8/26/2013), evidence 
or promise of scholarly achievement, two years of college or university teaching experience, and native or near-
native fluency in French and English 
are required.

Candidates will be evaluated according to the overall quality of academic preparation and professional experience, 
evidence of commitment to teaching and skills as a teacher, and strength of recommendations. Preference may be 
given to candidates with expertise in some area of Francophone Studies.



The successful candidate will teach five semester courses over the academic year (at the intermediate or advanced 
level). Some advising and service responsibilities will be assigned taking into account the candidate’s specific qualifications 
and experience. Salary is competitive and based on experience.

Application materials (cover letter and cv) must be submitted online at

https:// employment .umn .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ search/ Search_ css .jsp

Enter requisition number 183481. Three letters of recommendation may be emailed to Nissa Sandley at sand0874@ 
umn .edu or sent to Chair, French Search Committee, French and Italian, University of Minnesota, 314 Folwell, 9 
Pleasant St SE, Minneapolis, MN 55455.

Review of applications begins on April 5. The University of Minnesota is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity 
Employer.


U of Nevada, Reno

For Langs & Lit, MS/0100 Reno NV 89557

http://www.unr.edu

Lecturer (French) 18891

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21455

The Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures at the University of Nevada, Reno invites applications for 
a full-time Lecturer in French for the 2013–2014 academic year. This is a renewable up to three years contingent 
upon funding and performance non-tenure track position. Primary duties include teaching basic language, culture, 
and translation, with ability to teach phonetics a plus. Minimum requirements include MA degree, native/near-
native proficiency in English 
and French, and evidence of teaching excellence (video sample of teaching highly 
desired). Upload to search website a letter of interest and CV, and have three confidential letters of recommendation 
submitted to Matt Vandevert, Search Coordinator, College of Liberal Arts, Foreign Languages and Literatures, 
University of Nevada, Reno, MS 100, Reno, NV 89557-0100. https:// www .unrsearch .com/ postings/ 12339 All 
application materials must be received by April 30, 2013. EEO/AA.

U of Oregon

Rom Langs, 1233 U of Oregon, 102 Friendly Hall Eugene OR 97403

http://jobs.uoregon.edu/unclassified.php?id=4292

Career Instructor in French Language 18968

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21672

The Department of Romance Languages anticipates hiring a full-time Career Instructor in French Language and 
Culture to teach and coordinate undergraduate language and culture classes at the first-year level. The position also 
includes supervision of Graduate Teaching Fellows and cooperative program articulation across language levels. 
The contract start date is September 15, 2013 and is renewable based on excellent performance, need and funding.

A full course load for a language supervisor is two classes per quarter (six per year) in addition to first-year French 
language program coordination and supervision. Salary is commensurate with experience within the range 
$40,000-$44,000.

Minimum requirements: M.A. in applied linguistics, French or related field in hand before start date, professional-
level proficiency in both French and English, 
and documented successful college-level teaching experience.

Preference will be given to candidates with documented satisfactory (1) supervisory experience and (2) experience 
in curriculum development, program articulation, proficiency assessment, French linguistics (e.g., phonetics, advanced 
grammar), placement testing, service learning, or other areas of program development.

The successful candidate will be expected to introduce students to the cultures of France and other French-speaking 
countries, to contribute to language clubs, study abroad, and/or other cultural exchange initiatives as needed, 
and will have the ability to work effectively with faculty, staff and students from a variety of diverse backgrounds.



Candidates should submit a teaching portfolio with a cover letter, CV, three current letters of recommendation, 
recent evaluations from both students and graduate assistants whom you have supervised, a statement of teaching 
philosophy, and a video recording of you teaching a full class meeting of a French language class (preferably first-
year) to https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/ 2665.

To ensure consideration, please submit application materials by June 4, 2013. The position will remain open until 
filled. The position is contingent upon budgetary approval.

The University of Oregon is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution committed to cultural diversity 
and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act.

U of Pennsylvania

Rom Langs, 255 S 36th St, 521 Williams Hall Philadelphia PA 19104

http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/

Romance Languages Lecturer in French 18911

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21484

The Department of Romance Languages invites applications for a full-time, one-year appointment (non-tenure-
track) as Lecturer to teach all levels of French language and Francophone culture in an undergraduate program 
committed to dynamic language instruction. Teaching load is six courses per year. Position may include administrative 
responsibility for language course coordination. Native or near-native linguistic ability, teaching experience 
at the university level, and excellent teaching credentials are required. Experience coordinating language courses 
highly desirable. MA required, Ph.D. preferred.

Applicants are to apply online at facultysearches .provost .upenn .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51173.......... and submit 
an application letter, curriculum vitae, evidence of excellence in teaching, and contact information for three 
individuals who have agreed to provide a letter of recommendation. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled. The University of Pennsylvania is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Wheaton C

For Langs, 501 E Seminary Wheaton IL 60187

http://www.wheaton.edu/hr

Visiting Assistant Professor of French 18863

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21405

Visiting Assistant Professor of French– one-year with possible reappointment for one additional year, non-tenure 
track position. Begin August 2013.

Job requirements: Ph.D. in French and/or Francophone Studies is preferred. Native or near-native fluency in 
French. Teaching experience at college level. Applicants should possess outstanding skills in and enthusiasm for 
teaching all levels of French, with experience and interest in developing and using instructional technology. Teach 
three 4-hour courses (or equivalent) per semester at all levels. Collaborate with French section and assist with service 
activities.

Applications will be received until the position is filled. Interested candidates should send a letter of inquiry and 
curriculum vitae to: Ms. Elise Bock, Office Coordinator, Foreign Languages Department, Wheaton College, 
Wheaton, IL 60187-5501. Tel. (630) 752-5039. Email: elise .bock@wheaton.edu. Please do not send transcripts 
or letters of recommendation, or credential files unless requested. Application forms will be sent to promising 
candidates.

WHEATON COLLEGE is an evangelical Protestant Christian liberal arts college whose faculty members affirm 
a Statement of Faith and adhere to the moral and lifestyle expectations of our Community Covenant. Wheaton 
College complies with federal and state guidelines of nondiscrimination in employment; women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R]



Whitman C

For Langs & Lits, 345 Boyer Av Walla Walla WA 99362

http://whitman.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of French 18845

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21370

Visiting position in French, at the rank of assistant professor or instructor. Effective August 2013. M.A. required, 
Ph.D. preferred.

The successful candidate will offer courses in French language and culture at the elementary, intermediate, and advanced 
levels. The standard annual teaching load is five courses. Native or near-native fluency in both French and 
English, 
a willingness to support extra-curricular aspects of the program, and teaching experience at the college 
level are required.

Whitman College wishes to reinforce its commitment to enhance diversity, broadly defined, recognizing that to 
provide a diverse learning environment is to prepare students for personal and professional success in an increasingly 
multicultural and global society.

To apply, go to https:// whitmanhr .simplehire .com/, click “Faculty” and "Visiting Assistant Professor of French." 
The online position description includes specific instructions on submission of the following materials: letter of 
application; curriculum vitae; three letters of reference; statements addressing the candidate’s teaching interests 
and scholarly/performance agenda; graduate transcripts; teaching evaluations or other evidence of demonstrated or 
potential excellence in undergraduate instruction. In their application, candidates should address their interest in 
working as teachers and scholars with undergraduates in a liberal arts environment that emphasizes close student-
faculty interaction, as well as the ways in which their cultural, experiential, and/or academic background contributes 
to diversity.

Deadline: review of applications will begin March 28, 2013, and continue until the position is filled.

No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, sex, gender, religion, age, marital status, 
national origin, disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis prohibited by applicable 
federal, state, or local law. [R]

GERMANIC AND SCANDINAVIAN

C of Charleston

Langs, Cultures, & World Affairs School, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424

http://german.cofc.edu/index.php

Visiting Assistant Professor of German 18956

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21652

The College of Charleston seeks a full-time Visiting Assistant Professor of German with benefits for 2013–14. 
Applicants must be A.B.D. or have Ph.D. in hand, with native/near-native fluency in German; college teaching 
experience preferred. Four courses/semester, with possibility to teach course in field of expertise. Please send letter 
of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, transcripts and two letters of recommendation to: Dr. Nancy 
Nenno [NennoN@ cofc .edu.......................................................................................]. Electronic submissions required. Application review begins 29 April, with Skype interviews 
to follow. The College of Charleston is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

Cornell C

Classical & Mod Langs, 600 First St SW Mt Vernon IA 52314

http://www.cornellcollege.edu

Part-time Lecturer in German 18940

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21547



Cornell College invites applications from candidates to teach one section of GER-302 (In the Media) and GER-
103 (Beginning German III) during the 2013–2014 year.

Cornell College (Iowa) is a private liberal arts college of 1200 students and 85 faculty. Cornell has attracted attention 
for its distinctive calendar whereby faculty teach and students enroll in one course at a time in month-long 
terms. German 302 will run Block 1 (Sept. 2–25, 2013) and German 103 will run Block 7 (March 17-April 9, 
2014). Applicants may be hired for either/both blocks.

Master's degree required; ABD/college teaching experience preferred. We are interested in upper-level graduate 
students who seek to expand their teaching portfolios. Furnished housing may be available.

Send letter of application, CV, three references, and one sample syllabus for an 18-day term to: Johanna Schuster-
Craig, jschuster-craig@ cornellcollege .edu

Applications will be considered upon receipt. Cornell College is an AA/EO Employer.


Michigan SU

Linguistics & Langs, B-331 Wells Hall East Lansing MI 48824

http://linglang.msu.edu

German Fixed-Term Faculty 18865

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21406

The Department of Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, Asian, and African Languages invites applications for a nine-
month fixed term position in German with the possibility of renewal at the rank of assistant professor, beginning 
August 16, 2013. Specialization open. The successful candidate will have expertise in German cultural studies and 
will teach undergraduate culture and language courses and general education courses. There is also the possibility 
of coordinating second-year German. Current program offerings can be found at: http:// linglang .msu .edu/ 
german/.

Applications must be submitted electronically via the MSU Human Resources website, http:// jobs .msu .edu/......... Posting: 
#7493). Qualifications include undergraduate teaching experience in German. A Ph.D. in German or a relevant 
field must be in hand by the appointment date. Please submit a current vita, a letter of application that includes 
a discussion of your teaching philosophy and the names and email addresses of three referees who will be contacted 
automatically by email for their letter of recommendation. For further information contact Professor David Kim 
(ddkim@ msu .edu) Department of Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, Asian, and African Languages, 619 Red Cedar 
Road, B-302 Wells Hall, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824-1027.

Review of applications will begin on April 5, 2013 and continue until the position is filled. The university actively 
encourages applications of women, persons of color, veterans and persons with disabilities. Applicants who are not 
U.S. citizens or permanent residents must provide documentation evidencing employment authorization in the 
United States. [R]

Middlebury C

German, Freeman Intl Ctr Middlebury VT 05753

http://apptrkr.com/332440

Assistant Professor of German 18901

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21445

Middlebury College German Department, Freeman International Center, Middlebury, VT 05753

The German Department at Middlebury College invites applications for a tenure-track position in German Studies 
with an emphasis on the Holocaust and its legacy, and an additional ability to teach Environmentalism in contemporary 
German culture. The successful candidate will use the profession's "best practices" in foreign language 
pedagogy, including classroom technology, as established by ACTFL, and will participate in interdisciplinary 
teaching and programing. Native or near-native fluency in German and English 
required, Ph.D. in hand at time of 
appointment.



All application materials must be received by May 3rd, 2013. Middlebury College uses Interfolio https:// www 
.interfolio .com/...................................................................................................... to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email and paper applications will not be accepted. 
Through Interfolio, submit letter of application addressed to Professor Bettina Matthias, Chair, curriculum 
vitae, and three current letters of recommendation. More information at http:// apptrkr .com/ 332440

Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty 
teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we 
work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly 
diverse student body.

Ohio SU

Germanic Langs & Lit, 1775 College Rd, 498 Hagerty Hall Columbus OH 43210

http://germanic.osu.edu

Lecturer 18959

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21648

The Department of Germanic Languages and Literatures at The Ohio State University invites applications for a 
one-year lecturer position in German as a Second Language. Desired areas of specialization and interest include: 
Applied Linguistics, Second Language Acquisition with a special focus on German, assessment, German for the 
professions, new media and technology (e.g., hybrid instruction and distance learning), and advanced language/
content teaching. This appointment is contingent upon program needs and sufficient student enrollment in the 
course(s) for which this position is to be responsible, and the availability of funds (possibility of renewal).

Applicants must hold the Ph.D. at the time of appointment, provide evidence of superior-level language competency 
in German (C1-C2), and excellence in teaching. The chosen candidate will be expected to teach a wide 
range of courses at the undergraduate level and participate in the coordination and supervision of the Department’s 
GTAs. The Department will begin reviewing applications on May 20 and will continue until the position is filled. 
Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to Bernd Fischer, 
Interim Chair, Germanic Languages and Literatures, The Ohio State University, 489 Hagerty Hall, 1775 College 
Rd., Columbus, OH 43210.

To build a diverse workforce, Ohio State encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, 
and women. EEO/AA employer. 
[R]

Rutgers U

Germanic, Russian & East European Langs & Lits, 172 College Av New Brunswick NJ 08901

http://german.rutgers.edu

Assistant Instructor of German 18995

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21701

The Department of Germanic, Russian, and East European Languages and Literatures at Rutgers, the State University 
of New Jersey (New Brunswick, NJ) invites applications for a full-time non-tenure-track one-year position, 
Assistant Instructor of German, 2013–2014, possibility of reappointment (subject to budgetary approval). Excellence 
in language pedagogy required. Experience in hybrid course development preferred. We seek an innovative 
teacher who will oversee the language program and foster its growth. Teaching load 3+3, plus 1.5 credit methodology 
course each semester. Additional service to language program. Ph.D. in hand, native or near-native fluency 
in German and English. 
Cover letter, CV, and 3 letters of recommendation submitted via Interfolio to Martha B. 
Helfer, Chair. Review of applications begins immediately; deadline 5/31. Rutgers, The State University of New 
Jersey is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]



Tulane U

Germanic & Slavic Studies, 305 Newcomb Hall New Orleans LA 70118

http://tulane.edu/liberal-arts/german-slavic-studies/

Visiting Assistant Professor 18858

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21392

The Department of Germanic and Slavic Studies at Tulane University invites applications for a Visiting Assistant 
Professor position in Germanic Studies (non-tenure-track) beginning in Fall 2013. One year appointment, with 
possibility of extension for a second year. Candidate should be prepared to teach language, literature, and culture at 
all levels of the curriculum; preferred specialization: 20th century with specialty in film and/or Holocaust studies. 
3/3 course load. PhD in hand by time of appointment.

Send cover letter, CV, statement of teaching philosophy as email attachments and arrange to have three letters of 
reference (at least one of which must speak directly to teaching ability) sent to the department (ger-sla@ tulane .edu).

Review of applications will begin April 5 and continue until position is filled.

Tulane University is an EEO/AA employer. 
Women, minorities, and veterans are encouraged to apply.

Germanic and Slavic Studies,

Newcomb Hall 305,

Tulane University,

New Orleans, LA 70118

U of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign

Germanic Langs & Lits, 707 S Mathews Av, 2090 FLB 2090 FLB Urbana IL 61801

http://www.germanic.illinois.edu/

German Visiting Lecturer/Instructor 18975

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21689

The Department of German Languages and Literatures at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign invites applications 
for a visiting lecturer (PhD by time of appointment required)/visiting instructor (MA/ABD required) to 
teach German language, literature and culture courses for 2013–2014, with a target start date of August 16, 2013. 
Ph.D. or MA must be in German. This is a 9 month full-time, non-tenure track position. The position may be 
renewable contingent on funding and strong annual performance reviews by the department. Salary is competitive 
and commensurate with experience.

Responsibilities: Teach German language, literature, and culture courses, including an English 
language lecture 
course on the Holocaust (3/3 teaching load). Courses may include, for example, introduction to German literature, 
undergraduate courses on German culture, a German film class, or composition and conversation.

Qualifications: Ph.D. or MA/ABD in German by time of appointment required (specialization in modern/contemporary 
culture and literature preferred). Minimum of 2 years of experience in teaching German in a North American 
context. Evidence of teaching excellence. Native or near-native ability in German and English.


To ensure full consideration, create your candidate profile through the University of Illinois application login page 
at https:// jobs .illinois .edu and upload your application materials by June 14, 2013: application letter, CV, and the 
names and contact information (or Interfolio ID) for three professional references. Referees (or Interfolio) will be 
contacted electronically within 2–3 days of submission of the application. Only electronic applications will be accepted. 
Additional supportive materials may be requested at a future time. Applicants may be interviewed before 
the closing date; however, no hiring decision will be made until after that date.

Illinois is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer 
and welcomes individuals with diverse backgrounds, 
experiences, and ideas who embrace and value diversity and inclusivity. (www .inclusiveillinois .illinois 
.edu). [R]



U of Minnesota, Duluth

For Langs & Lits, 1201 Ordean Ct, H457 Duluth MN 55812

http://employment.umn.edu

Instructor or Assistant Professor of German 18951

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21646

The Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures at the University of Minnesota Duluth has a full-time term 
faculty Instructor or Assistant Professor of German position beginning August 26, 2013 and ending May 25, 2014 
(sabbatical replacement). Position entails teaching German language courses and some college/campus service. Required 
qualifications: a) M.A. in German or related field by April 1, 2013; b) evidence of strong teaching credentials; 
c) minimum of two years teaching experience (German) at the college level. The University of Minnesota 
requires that you apply online for this position. For a complete position description and information on how to 
apply online, visit http:// employment .umn .edu/................................................................, and search for Job Requisition Number 184209. Complete applications 
will be reviewed beginning May 20, 2013. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator 
and employer. 
[R]

U of North Dakota

Mod & Classical Langs & Lits, Merrifield Hall Rm 320 276 Centennial Dr, Stop 8198 Grand Forks ND 58202

http://UND.edu

Assistant Professor of German (One-Year) 18993

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21719

The Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures at the University of North Dakota invites 
applications for the position of one-year Assistant Professor beginning August 16, 2013 and ending May 15, 2014. 
This is a full-time, non-tenure-track appointment with a 3/3 teaching load including introductory, intermediate, 
and upper-level German courses. All full-time appointments offer competitive salaries and include full benefits. We 
seek a candidate possessing native or near-native fluency in German, Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment, and 
evidence of excellence in teaching German at the college level. Experience in teaching advanced grammar and/or 
literature preferred. Willingness to participate in departmental service and dedication to an active research program 
are essential. Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and evidence of successful teaching as email attachments 
and arrange to have three letters of reference (one of which should speak to teaching ability) sent to Dr. 
Amanda Boyd amanda .boyd@und.edu. Review of applications will begin June 1, 2013. The University of North 
Dakota is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
North Dakota veterans’ preference does not apply 
to this position.

U of Pittsburgh

German, 1409 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260

http://www.german.pitt.edu

Visiting Lecturer in German 18948

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21535

The Department of German at the University of Pittsburgh (http:// www .german .pitt .edu/) invites applications for 
a one-year, non-renewable fixed-term lectureship in German beginning August, 2013. Area of specialization open 
(post-1700)—the successful candidate will be able to teach German language and literature/culture at all levels of 
the undergraduate curriculum. Near-native fluency in German and English, 
commitment to undergraduate teaching, 
and evidence of scholarly promise, as well as dissertation in hand at time of application are required. Teaching 
load of six courses per year (3/3). Review of applications will begin May 15 and continue until the position is filled. 
Applicants should submit a letter of application, CV, teaching portfolio, and three letters of recommendation to: 
German Search Committee, Department of German, at the link above. The University of Pittsburgh is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.




U of Puget Sound

For Langs & Lits, 1500 N Warner CMB 1073 Tacoma WA 98416

http://www.pugetsound.edu/

Visiting Assistant Professor of German 18838

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21366

One-year appointment; begins Fall Term 2013

Teach all levels of language, culture, and literature courses. Teaching assignment is five courses per year. Other 
duties include continuation of professional development, coordinating the co-curricular program in German, and 
participation in departmental governance.

Ph.D. (or proof of imminent completion) in German literature; open field. A strong background in language teaching; 
native or near-native fluency in German and English; 
and a commitment to undergraduate teaching and liberal 
arts education. Candidates must be lawfully employable in this country as a result of citizenship, visa, or resident 
alien status. Salary commensurate with teaching load, education and experience. [R]

U of South Florida

World Langs, 4202 E Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620

http://www.usf.edu/about-usf/work-at-usf.aspx

Instructor of German 19060

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21858

Advertisement for Instructor of German

The Department of World Languages at the University of South Florida is seeking candidates for an appointment 
to a nine-month position of Instructor in German, effective August 7, 2013. This is a full-time position with multi-
year renewal contingent upon successful reviews.

Responsibilities

Teach introductory and advanced undergraduate courses in German language, linguistics, and culture (4 and 4 
teaching load or the equivalent of 12 semester credit hours per semester) and participate in the recruitment of 
majors.

Qualifications

Minimum Prerequisites—Master of Arts degree in German or Germanic Linguistics. Native competency in German. 
Experience & demonstrated ability to effectively teach college-level German in the American university setting. 
Experience in the expansion of a growing German program and ability to teach all levels of German language, 
literature, linguistics, and culture courses.

Preferred—Doctor of Philosophy degree in German or Germanic Linguistics. Experience teaching courses covering 
all levels of German grammar, and specialization in Germanic linguistics. Experience organizing curricular and 
co-curricular events on campus for major recruitment purposes.

To Apply

Dossiers must be uploaded and complete by July 15, 2013. Completed dossier requires a cover letter describing applicant’s 
qualifications for the position, C.V., official graduate transcripts from the Registrar, sample course syllabi 
and teaching evaluations, a statement of teaching philosophy and three (3) names of references. Materials must be 
submitted electronically through the USF Human Resources online employment application system:

https:// employment .usf .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ Welcome_ css .jsp

Florida law requires the applications and meetings regarding this position be open to the public. SACS accredited, 
the University of South Florida is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer. 
Women and minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. For any further information, please call Myrna Lugo at (813) 974-5510.



Washington C

Mod Langs, 300 Washington Av Chestertown MD 21620

http://www.washcoll.edu/offices/human-resources/employment.php

Visiting Assistant Professor of German, Fall 2013 18961

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21649

Washington College, a private liberal arts and sciences college of 1500 undergraduates in Chestertown, MD, is 
seeking a full-time Visiting Assistant Professor of German for the Fall 2013 semester as a junior leave replacement. 
M.A. or Ph.D (open specialization) and native or near-native fluency in German and English 
required. Successful 
candidates will demonstrate excellence in language teaching. Teaching load is three courses for the fall semester 
with the possibility of teaching 2–3 courses in the spring semester. Other responsibilities include advising, recruitment 
of majors, working with the German Club, and departmental tasks.

Submit statement of interest including a brief statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum vitae, and one letter of 
recommendation to Dr. James Martin, Department of Modern Languages, using our online portal Consensus located 
@ https:// highereddecisions .com/ wcm/ current_ vacancies .asp.

Review of applications will begin on May 1, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. An Equal Opportunity 
employer, 
Washington College encourages women and minorities to apply.

Western Illinois U

For Langs & Lits, 1 University Cir Morgan Hall Rm 332 Macomb IL 61455

http://www.wiu.edu/cas/foreign_languages_and_literatures/

Temporary Instructor of German 18950

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21645

Temporary instructor of German, to begin August 15, 2013

M.A. in German, with the ability to teach at all levels of the undergraduate curriculum and native or near-native 
fluency in German and English 
required. We seek a dynamic, energetic candidate committed to language pedagogy 
at the elementary and intermediate levels.

ABD Status or Ph.D. preferred. Ability to teach another language such as Spanish, French, Chinese, or Japanese at 
the elementary level a plus.

Competitive salary and benefits package that includes domestic partner benefits: http:// www .wiu .edu/ hr/ index 
.shtml# benefits.

Applications, including letter of interest, names of three references, and transcripts should be submitted at https:// 
www .interviewexchange .com/ jobofferdetails .jsp?flush=true&JOBID=39190. For full consideration all materials 
should be submitted by June 1, 2013. For additional information, please contact Gary Schmidt, Chair, Department 
of Foreign Languages and Literatures at g-schmidt2@ wiu .edu. [R]

HEBREW

Columbia U

Middle Eastern, South Asian, & African Studies, 606 W 122nd St, 401 Knox Hall MC 9628 New York NY 
10027

http://www.columbia.edu/cu/mesaas

Lecturer/Associate in Hebrew Language 18963

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21650

The Department of Middle Eastern, South Asian, and African Studies at Columbia University announces an opening 
in Hebrew language to be filled at the rank of Lecturer in Discipline or Associate in Discipline, beginning 



July 2013 and ending June 2014. We are seeking a professional language teacher with a serious commitment to 
teaching languages for academic purposes. This is a full time one-year appointment.

We are seeking a professional language teacher with a serious commitment to developing pedagogical materials and 
incorporating technological innovations into the curriculum.

Applicants should preferably have a Ph.D. in Hebrew, but those with a Master's degree and considerable language 
teaching experience are also encouraged to apply. Salary and rank commensurate with experience.

Responsibilities will include teaching 2 or 3 courses per semester and other duties associate with the language 
program.

Successful candidates for all ranks (Lecturer, Associate) must have native or near native fluency in Hebrew and English, 
foreign language instruction experience, and an oral proficiency based approach.

A cover letter, statement of teaching philosophy and methodology, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
teaching evaluations and teaching materials to support the application should be uploaded at our secure online 
site:

academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=57670

Applications will be reviewed starting May 25, 2013.

Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
[R]

ITALIAN See also Romance Languages

Loyola U Maryland

Mod Langs & Lits, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210

http://www.loyola.edu

Visiting Affiliate Assistant Professor (or Instructor) of Italian 18925

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21512

The Department of Modern Languages & Literatures at Loyola University Maryland is seeking a full-time instructor 
of Italian for the 2013–2014 academic year. The successful candidate will teach three pre-core and core courses 
each semester as well as coordinate the Italian core language sequence (IT101–104, plus IT161 and IT162 [Elementary 
and Intermediate levels]). Successful candidates must have a Master's degree in Applied Linguistics or Second 
Language Acquisition in Italian or equivalent, must be fluent in Italian, and must have college teaching experience. 
Previous coordinating experience desirable. Loyola University has a language requirement for all undergraduate 
students. Applicants must submit the following online (https:// careers .loyola .edu): a letter of intent, curriculum 
vitae, and evidence of excellence in teaching. Please send two letters of recommendation and original transcripts to:

Ms. Natalie Rock, Administrative Assistant

Department of Modern Languages & Literatures

Loyola University Maryland

4501 N. Charles Street

Baltimore, MD 21210-2699

For more information, please call Ms. Rock at 410.617.2780.

EOE



Princeton U

Fr & Ital, 303 E Pyne Princeton NJ 08544

Italian Lecturer 19021

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21832

The Department of French and Italian is seeking to appoint part-time lecturers in Italian language instruction. Appointments 
will be made on an as-needed basis for one semester beginning September 1, 2013, and will be eligible 
for renewal. Part-time lecturer appointments are dependent on enrollments as are the hours of teaching required. 
Eligibility for benefits depends on the number of hours appointed. Native or near-native fluency in Italian and English 
is essential, as is excellence in language teaching. Master's degree or enrollment in a Ph.D. program required; 
Ph.D. or M.A. working toward Ph.D. preferred. Applicants must include a cover letter of application, and curriculum 
vitae. Due to the volume of applications, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No 
letters of recommendation are needed until the interview stage. Applications will be held for one academic year, 
(September 2013-June 2013). Princeton University is an equal opportunity employer 
and complies with applicable 
EEO and affirmative action guidelines. [R]

Princeton U

Fr & Ital, 303 E Pyne Princeton NJ 08544

http://web.princeton.edu/sites/dof/ApplicantsInfo.htm

Italian Lecturer 19020

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21831

The Department of French and Italian at Princeton University is seeking a full-time Lecturer in Italian to teach 
Italian language at all levels. Appointment is for one-academic year, beginning September 1, 2014, and is renewable 
on an annual basis. The successful candidate must be an experienced teacher of Italian language with native or 
near-native fluency in Italian and English. 
Prior teaching in a university setting required, experience in program 
and curricular development highly desirable. Ph.D. in Applied Linguistics or related field. Applications will be accepted 
online at http:// jobs .princeton .edu. Applicants must include a cover letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
and samples of syllabi for introductory and intermediate Italian courses. Due to the volume of applications, only 
candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No letters of recommendation are needed until the interview 
stage. Applications will be held for one academic year, (September 2013-June 2014). Princeton University is 
an equal opportunity employee and complies with applicable EEO and affirmative action guidelines. [R]

Santa Clara U

Mod Langs & Lits, 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara CA 95053

http://www.scu.edu/hr/careers/faculty.cfm

Quarterly Adjunct Lecturer, Italian Language, Literature, and Culture 18985

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21717

Purpose:

The Department of Modern Languages & Literatures at Santa Clara University, a Jesuit, Catholic institution, seeks 
applicants to teach Italian language, literature and culture courses during the 2013 – 2014 Academic year. Depending 
on applicant background, teaching assignment may include upper division courses in Italian, and courses in 
Italian culture and civilization taught in English 
for the University Core. Positions are contingent upon funding 
and departmental need.

Re-employment in subsequent quarters in academic year 2013 – 2014 may be possible as openings in the department 
occur for which the applicant is qualified. Such re-employment is contingent upon a satisfactory evaluation of 
the applicant’s teaching performance, curricular need, and funding.

Qualifications:



Ph.D. or A.B.D. or M.A. in Italian or Comparative Literature with an emphasis in Italian. Native-or near-native 
level fluency in Italian. Commitment to and evidence of excellence in teaching courses at the college level. Must 
have expertise and experience with ACTFL Standards-based teaching and assessment and instructional technologies. 
Must have the ability to serve as mentor to students of diverse backgrounds. Preference will be given to candidates 
with a strong interdisciplinary background. The following additional areas of expertise are highly desirable: 
Second Language Acquisition/Pedagogy; OPI certified tester.

Rank and Salary: Adjunct Lecturer, Quarterly; $5,800 per course.

Starting Date:

Fall quarter Classes begin September 23, 2013

Winter quarter: Classes begin January 6, 2014

Spring quarter: Classes begin March 31, 2014

Application Deadline: June 7, 2013

Responsibilities: Duties include fulfilling all responsibilities associated with teaching assigned courses, including:

1. Conducting all assigned class meetings and individual conferences with students;

2. Assigning and evaluating student work including exams and written assignments;

3. Holding weekly office hours on campus;

4. Submitting student grades to the Student Records by the designated deadline; and

5. Fulfilling other instructional or academic duties as may be assigned by the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences 
or by the by the Chair of the Department.

Application Procedure:

Please submit the following application materials via EMAIL:

1. a letter of application, specifying qualifications, teaching experience and teaching philosophy

2. current curriculum vitae

3. Graduate transcripts

4. Teaching evaluations from most recent position

5. Two letters of recommendation

E-MAIL APPLICATION TO: ModernLanguages@ scu .edu

SUBJECT: Search Committee: Italian Lit/Culture QAL

SCU does not sponsor any visa applications for these positions. The successful candidate must be able to provide 
evidence of identity and legal authorization to work in the United States.

Santa Clara University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, 
committed to excellence through 
diversity and inclusion, and, in this spirit, particularly welcomes applications from women, persons of color, and 
members of historically underrepresented groups. The University will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals 
with a disability.

Santa Clara University is a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located in California's Silicon Valley, offering 
its 8,800 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences, business, and engineering, plus master's, 
Ph.D., and law degrees.

Distinguished by the highest retention rate and ranked second among all master's universities in the West by U.S. 
News and World Report, Santa Clara University is California's oldest operating institution of higher-education. 
The University is focused on creating an academic community that educates citizens and leaders who will build a 
more just, humane, and sustainable world.



Santa Clara U

Mod Langs & Lits, 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara CA 95053

http://www.scu.edu/hr/careers/faculty.cfm

Academic Year Adjunct Lecturer, Italian 18984

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21716

Purpose:

The Department of Modern Languages & Literatures at Santa Clara University, a Catholic Jesuit institution, seeks 
applicants to teach Italian courses for one academic year (September 2013 – June 2014). The lecturer will teach 
seven courses over three quarters of the academic year. Courses must be taught all three quarters (fall, winter, 
spring). Depending on applicant background, teaching assignment may include upper division courses in Italian 
language and literature, courses in Italian culture and civilization taught in English 
for the University Core, and 
lower division Italian language. This position is contingent upon funding.

Qualifications:

Ph.D. or A.B.D. or M.A. in Italian or Comparative Literature with an emphasis in Italian. Native-or near-native 
level fluency in Italian. Commitment to and evidence of excellence in teaching courses at the college level. Must 
have expertise and experience with ACTFL Standards-based teaching and assessment and instructional technologies. 
Must have the ability to serve as mentor to students of diverse backgrounds. Preference will be given to candidates 
with a strong interdisciplinary background. The following areas of expertise are highly desirable: Second 
Language Acquisition/Pedagogy; OPI certified tester.

Rank and Salary range: Academic Year Adjunct Lecturer (one-year appointment, non-tenure track), $47,600–
50,400 (based on a seven-course load) depending on experience; benefits eligible

Starting Date: September 1, 2013

Application Deadline: June 7, 2013

Responsibilities:

Duties include fulfilling all responsibilities associated with teaching assigned courses, including:

1. Conducting all assigned class meetings and individual conferences with students;

2. Assigning and evaluating student work including exams and written assignments;

3. Holding weekly office hours on campus;

4. Submitting student grades to the Student Records by the designated deadline; and

5. Fulfilling other instructional or academic duties as may be assigned by the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences 
or by the Chair of the Department.

Application Procedure:

Please submit the following via EMAIL:

1. a letter of application, specifying qualifications, teaching experience and teaching philosophy

2. current curriculum vitae

3. Graduate transcripts

4. Teaching evaluations from most recent position

5. Two letters of recommendation

E-MAIL APPLICATION TO: ModernLanguages@ scu .edu

SUBJECT: Search Committee: Italian AYAL



SCU does not sponsor any visa applications for these positions. The successful candidate must be able to provide 
evidence of identity and legal authorization to work in the United States.

Santa Clara University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, 
committed to excellence through 
diversity and inclusion, and, in this spirit, particularly welcomes applications from women, persons of color, and 
members of historically underrepresented groups. The University will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals 
with a disability.

Santa Clara University is a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located in California's Silicon Valley, offering 
its 8,800 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences, business, and engineering, plus master's, 
Ph.D., and law degrees.

Distinguished by the highest retention rate and ranked second among all master's universities in the West by U.S. 
News and World Report, Santa Clara University is California's oldest operating institution of higher-education. 
The University is focused on creating an academic community that educates citizens and leaders who will build a 
more just, humane, and sustainable world.

U of Arizona

Sch of Intl Langs, Lits, & Cultures, Learning Services Bldg, Rm 202 PO Box 210105 Tucson AZ 85721

http://french.arizona.edu/

Lecturer, Italian 19011

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21771

The Department of French and Italian at the University of Arizona is seeking a highly qualified candidate for the 
position of Lecturer for the academic year 2013–2014. This appointment will begin on August 19, 2013.

The expectation of this position is intensive teaching at the undergraduate level. Candidates should be prepared to 
teach all levels of Italian language courses as well as courses within the Italian Studies Program that are taught in 
English. 
In addition, the successful candidate will contribute to program development and recruit Italian majors 
and minors.

Required qualifications include: a Ph.D. in Italian in hand by August 1, 2013, Native or near-native fluency in Italian, 
and proficiency in English.


Candidates with a specialization in Italian media, applied linguistics, or twentieth-or twenty-first century literature, 
experience with hybrid or online teaching, and demonstrated excellence in teaching at the college-level are 
encouraged to apply.

JAPANESE

American U

Lang & For Studies, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Washington DC 20016

http://www.american.edu

Professorial Lecturer in Japanese Language 19007

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21768

The Department of World Languages and Cultures at American University in Washington, DC, invites applications 
for a one-year full-time term faculty position at the rank of professorial lecturer in the Japanese language for 
the academic year 2013–2014. The position may be renewable.

The primary responsibilities are teaching the first-, second-and/or third-year level Japanese courses. Teaching load 
will be six courses (or equivalent) for a minimum of 18 credit hours per year, supervising advanced student independent 
studies, and carrying out duties as the Japanese language coordinator. Required qualification include: a 
Ph. D. in Japanese language, linguistics, or a related field; native or near-native fluency in Japanese and English; 
strong evidence of excellence in college-level teaching; ability to work effectively with Japanese adjunct faculty 
colleagues, including possible team-teaching.



Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to: Japanese Professorial Lecturer 
Search Committee, Department of World Languages and Cultures, American University, 4400 Massachusetts Avenue, 
NW, Washington, DC, 20016-8045.

Applicants can either send their dossier electronically to Kelly Wyndham, kwyndham@ american .edu............. or by standard 
mail.

For best consideration, apply by June 14, 2013.

American University is an EEO/AA University. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply.

Grinnell C

Chinese & Japanese, 1210 Park St, Carnegie 404 Grinnell IA 50112

http://www.grinnell.edu

Assistant Professor, Japanese, 1 year part-time 18862

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21404

One-year part-time position in the Department of Chinese and Japanese (Japanese language and literature) starting 
Fall 2013. Ph.D. preferred; M.A. possible. Candidates with background in language pedagogy are especially 
welcome to apply. The teaching schedule of four courses over two semesters will include Japanese language courses 
at different levels and possibly a course in Japanese literature or culture. For complete description and application 
instructions go to https:// jobs .grinnell .edu. To be assured of full consideration, all application materials should 
be received by April 5, 2013. Candidates will need to upload a letter of application, cv, transcripts (copies acceptable), 
and provide email addresses for three references. Questions about this search should be directed to Professor 
Mariko Shigeta Schimmel, JapaneseSearch@ grinnell .edu, or 641-269-3141. AA/EOE [R]

Illinois Wesleyan U

Mod & Classical Langs & Lits, PO Box 2900 Bloomington IL 61702

http://www2.iwu.edu/mcll

Visiting Assistant Professor of Japanese/Lecturer in Japanese 18966

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21671

The Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures at Illinois Wesleyan University invites applications 
for the position of Visiting Assistant Professor of Japanese/Lecturer in Japanese. This is a two-year, full 
time position (2013–2015) to begin in August 2013. Candidates should be able to demonstrate expertise in teaching 
Japanese language, literature, linguistics and culture at the undergraduate level. Will teach 3 courses per semester. 
For more information about the department, visit http:// www2 .iwu .edu/ mcll.

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, teaching philosophy statement, transcript, and three letters of 
recommendation to: James Matthews, Chair, Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures, Illinois Wesleyan 
University, 201 E. University, Bloomington, IL 61701. Review of applications to begin on June 1, 2013. Illinois 
Wesleyan University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
Committed to a Diverse Work Force. See http:// www2 
.iwu .edu/ iwujobs/ for more information.

Illinois Wesleyan University is a highly selective, small, liberal arts institution with 2,100 undergraduates. It is located 
in Central Illinois in a twin cities of 125,000 inhabitants. [R]

Loyola U Maryland

Mod Langs & Lits, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210

http://www.loyola.edu

Visiting Affiliate Assistant Professor (or Instructor) of Japanese 18923

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21510

The Department of Modern Languages & Literatures at Loyola University Maryland is seeking a full-time Japanese 
instructor to teach eight pre-core and core courses in Japanese in the 2013–2014 academic year, and participate in 



cultural and club events and the life of the department, instituting language activities for students. Successful candidates 
must have a Master's degree or its equivalent, must be fluent in Japanese, and must have college teaching 
experience. Applicants must submit the following documents online (https:// careers .loyola .edu): a letter of intent, 
curriculum vitae and evidence of excellence in teaching. Please send two letters of recommendation and original 
transcripts to:

Ms. Natalie Rock, Administrative Assistant

Department of Modern Languages & Literatures

Loyola University Maryland

4501 N. Charles Street

Baltimore, MD 21210-2699

Fore more information, please call Ms. Rock at 410.617.2780.

U of Notre Dame

East Asian Langs & Lits, 205 O'Shaughnessy Hall Notre Dame IN 46556

http://eastasian.nd.edu

Visiting Assistant professor in Modern Japanese 18888

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21430

University of Notre Dame: The Department of East Asian Languages and Cultures invites applications for a visiting 
assistant professor in modern Japanese literature and culture, beginning August 2013. Area of specialization is 
open; preference will be given to candidates who can offer courses in modern fiction, film, and/or popular culture. 
Ph.D. degree preferred by date of appointment, but ABDs are encouraged to apply. The position may be renewed 
for a second year. Responsibilities include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, active programmatic 
involvement, and close collaboration with our faculty to advance our Japanese language and culture program.

Applications should include a cover letter, current curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, and three 
letters of recommendation. Review of applications will begin April 15th, 2013, and continue until the position 
is filled. Applications and inquiries should be directed to Dayle Seidenspinner-Nunez, Chair, Department of East 
Asian Languages and Cultures, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556 (dsnunez@ nd .edu); application 
materials may be submitted electronically through Interfolio via the link above.

An international Catholic research university, Notre Dame is an affirmative action employer 
with a strong commitment 
to cultural, racial, and gender diversity. Persons of color, women, members of under-represented groups, and 
those attracted to a university with a Catholic identity are encouraged to apply. Information about Notre Dame is 
available at http:// www .nd .edu.................................................................................; information about the Program of Japanese Language and Culture and the Department 
can be found at http:// eastasian .nd .edu. [R]

U of South Florida

World Langs, 4202 E Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620

https://employment.usf.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/Welcome_css.jsp

Instructor of Japanese 19061

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21859

Advertisement for Instructor of Japanese

The Department of World Languages at the University of South Florida is seeking candidates for an appointment 
to a nine-month position of Instructor in Japanese, effective August 7, 2013. This is a full-time position with multi-
year renewal contingent upon successful reviews.

Responsibilities



Teach introductory and advanced undergraduate courses in Japanese language and culture (4 and 4 teaching load or 
the equivalent of 12 semester credit hours per semester).

Qualifications

Minimum—M.A. in Japanese, Japanese Pedagogy, Foreign Language Pedagogy, Second Language Acquisition or 
a related field by August 7, 2013. Native or near-native fluency in Japanese is required as well as excellent communication 
skills in English. 
Applicants should have teaching experience at the university level and must demonstrate 
excellence in teaching.

Preferred—Doctorate in Japanese or closely related field by August 7, 2013.

To Apply

Dossiers must be uploaded and complete by July 15, 2013. Completed dossier requires a cover letter describing applicant’s 
qualifications for the position, C.V., official graduate transcripts from the Registrar, sample course syllabi, 
lesson plans, and teaching evaluations, a statement of teaching philosophy, three (3) names of references and a self-
introduction video in Japanese and English. 
Materials must be submitted electronically through the USF Human 
Resources online employment application system:

https:// employment .usf .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ Welcome_ css .jsp

Florida law requires the applications and meetings regarding this position be open to the public. SACS accredited, 
the University of South Florida is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer. 
Women and minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. For any further information, please call Myrna Lugo at (813) 974-5510.

According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are open to the public. For ADA accommodations, 
please contact Myrna I. Lugo at 813-974-5510 or milugo@ usf .edu at least five working days prior to need. 
USF is an Equal Opportunity Institution

PERSIAN

U of Pennsylvania

Near Eastern Langs & Civs, 36th & Spruce St, 847 Williams Hall Philadelphia PA 19104

http://www.upenn.edu

Full-time Lecturer of Persian Language and Culture 18939

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21539

The Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations in the School of Arts and Sciences, University of 
Pennsylvania, is authorized to make an appointment of full-time Lecturer, in Persian Language and Culture, to 
begin in the Fall of 2013. The appointment will be for one year with the possibility of annual renewal for up to an 
additional two years based on satisfactory performance and approval of the Dean. Applicants for the position should 
possess at least a Master’s degree in Applied Linguistics, Education, Middle Eastern Studies, or a related field with a 
primary focus on language and pedagogy; Ph.D. preferred. They should have native or near-native competency in 
Persian and fluency in English. 
Preference will be given to candidates who have experience in teaching Persian language, 
beginning through advanced, to college-level students. Primary duties will involve teaching five courses per 
academic year: introductory and intermediate Persian language and content courses on subjects such as literature or 
film; and materials development.

Candidates are to apply at: facultysearches .provost .upenn .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51188. Include a cover 
letter, CV, and statement of teaching philosophy. Also submit the names and contact information of two individuals 
who have agreed to provide a letter of recommendation.

The review of applications will begin immediately and the process will continue until the position is filled. The 
University of Pennsylvania is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]



PORTUGUESE See also Romance Languages

American U

Lang & For Studies, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Washington DC 20016

http://american.edu/cas/wlc

Professorial lecturer of Portuguese 18933

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21515

American University’s Department of World Languages and Cultures in the College of Arts and Sciences invites 
applications for a full-time term faculty position in Portuguese, at the rank of Professorial Lecturer, beginning in 
the Fall 2013 semester. The position may be renewable.

Qualifications: Relevant PhD; native or near-native fluency; language teaching experience at the university level; 
evidence of teaching excellence.

Responsibilities: teach 6 courses per academic year including language, Brazilian culture/civilization classes and, 
if possible, Portuguese for Spanish speakers. Other responsibilities may include course coordination and student 
mentoring.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to: Portuguese Professorial Lecturer 
Search Committee, Department of World Language and Cultures, American University, 4400 Massachusetts 
Avenue, NW, Washington, 20016-8045.

Applicants can either send their dossier either electronically to Susan Sherzer ssherzer@ american .edu or by standard 
mail.

For best consideration, apply by April 29th. American University is an EEO/AA University; women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply.

U of Pennsylvania

Rom Langs, 255 S 36th St, 521 Williams Hall Philadelphia PA 19104

http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/

Lecturer in Portuguese 18912

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21485

The Department of Romance Languages invites applications for a full-time one-year appointment (non-tenure 
track) as Lecturer in Portuguese to teach six courses per year in a growing Portuguese program. Primary responsibilities 
include teaching language and culture courses, and on occasion, courses in literature. Native or near-native 
fluency in Portuguese and English 
are required. Preference will be given to candidates with demonstrated excellence 
in teaching, and experience teaching all levels of language and culture at the university level. ABD required, 
Ph.D. preferred.

Applicants should apply online at facultysearches .provost .upenn .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51172.......... and submit 
an application letter, curriculum vitae, summary sheets of student evaluations, and contact information for 
three individuals who have agreed to provide a letter of recommendation. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled. The University of Pennsylvania is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R]

Washington U

Rom Langs & Lit, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1077 St Louis MO 63130

http://wustl.edu

Lecturer of Portuguese 18887

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21442



The Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at Washington University in St. Louis invites applications 
for a one-year full-time Lecturer position in Portuguese language with administrative responsibilities pertaining to 
the courses. The appointment will begin in Fall, 2013. Classes begin in August. M.A. or Ph.D. in Portuguese or 
the equivalent required by July 1, 2013. The successful candidate will be expected to teach elementary, intermediate, 
and conversation classes in Portuguese. Candidates should demonstrate experience in pedagogy. A completed 
application will consist of a cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and supporting teaching 
materials, including course syllabi designed by the candidate and teaching evaluations. Applications will be accepted 
until the position is filled, but priority will be given to those received by May 15, 2013. Email applications 
to rll@ artsci .wustl .edu..........................................................................................; telephone inquiries to 314 935-5180. Washington University in St. Louis is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action employer, 
and particularly encourages women, minorities, and persons with disabilities 
to apply. Employment eligibility is required upon appointment.

ROMANCE LANGUAGES

C of New Rochelle

Mod & Classical Lang, 29 Castle Pl New Rochelle NY 10805

http://www.cnr.edu

Assistant/Associate Professor of French and Spanish 18833

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21358

The College of New Rochelle (New Rochelle, NY) Department of Modern & Classical Languages invites applications 
for a full-time, tenure-track position in French and Spanish, effective September 2013. Ph.D. preferred, 
advanced ABD considered. Specialization is open, with preference for Francophone Mediterranean and Spanish 
peninsular literature. The successful candidate will teach all levels of French language, literature, and culture 
courses as well as courses in Spanish literature and culture. Demonstrated excellence in teaching, experience with 
the use of technology, and native or near-native fluency in French, Spanish and English 
required. Candidate will 
actively participate in service at the departmental, school and college levels, which includes contributing to the 
College’s First Year Seminar and other general education courses, advising French majors and minors, coordinating 
co-curricular and extra-curricular activities and developing curriculum.

The College of New Rochelle is a Catholic college in the Ursuline tradition and we welcome applicants from all 
backgrounds who can contribute to our unique educational mission. The School of Arts & Sciences has a strong 
liberal arts tradition and serves a diverse population of undergraduate women. It is located in Westchester County, 
just north of New York City.

Applications should be submitted via InterFolio to:

Richard H. Thompson, Ph. D.

Dean, School of Arts & Sciences

The College of New Rochelle

29 Castle Pl.

New Rochelle, NY 10805

rthompson@ cnr .edu [R]

Tulane U

French & Ital, 311 Newcomb Hall New Orleans LA 70118

http://tulane.edu/liberal-arts/french-italian/index.cfm

Visiting Assistant Professor of French and Italian 19042

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21842



The Department of French and Italian at Tulane University seeks to hire a Visiting Assistant Professor of French 
and Italian for the 2013–14 academic year. The position is a non-tenure track, one-year replacement for a faculty 
member who is on leave. PhD preferred, but candidates with ABD status will be considered. An ability to teach 
language courses in both French and Italian is required. Teaching load is 3 courses per semester. Please apply 
through Interfolio at https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 21842, supplying a cover letter, c.v. and three letters of 
recommendation. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Tulane 
University is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. 
All eligible candidates are invited to apply for position vacancies as appropriate. [R]

RUSSIAN AND SLAVIC

C of the Holy Cross

Mod Langs & Lits, 1 College St Worcester MA 01610

Visiting Full-Time Faculty Position in Russian Language 18835

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21349

The Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for a 
one-year visiting full-time faculty appointment in the field of Russian language, literature and/or culture to begin 
in August, 2013. The teaching load for this position is three courses each semester, with emphasis on language instruction 
at all levels. The candidate will also teach one content course in English 
designed to pique student interest, 
enrich existing program offerings and engage with interdisciplinary programs on the departmental and college 
level. The successful candidate will join a lively Russian program and should demonstrate interest in helping his/
her colleagues maintain the growth and visibility of Russian on campus and in the Worcester community. Visiting 
Full-time faculty are eligible for conference travel support and reimbursement of relocation costs within the College’s 
published policies. All full-time appointments offer competitive salaries and include full benefits. [R]

U of North Dakota

Mod & Classical Langs & Lits, Merrifield Hall Rm 320 276 Centennial Dr, Stop 8198 Grand Forks ND 58202

http://UND.edu

Assistant Professor of Russian (One-Year) 18994

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21720

The Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures at the University of North Dakota invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor of Russian beginning August 16, 2013 and ending May 15, 2014. This is a full-
time, non-tenure-track appointment with a 3/3 teaching load including introductory and intermediate Russian 
courses and possibly a survey of Russian culture or literature in English. 
Advanced Russian independent readings 
may also be assigned as needed. All full-time appointments offer competitive salaries and include full benefits. We 
seek a candidate possessing native or near-native fluency in Russian, Ph.D. in Russian/Slavic Languages in hand by 
time of appointment, and evidence of excellence in teaching Russian at the college level. A background in Russian 
Area Studies is a plus. Maintaining and increasing Russian enrollments is an essential departmental goal. As always, 
a willingness to participate in departmental service and a dedication to an active research program are expected. 
Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and evidence of successful teaching as email attachments and arrange 
to have three letters of reference (at least one of which should speak to teaching ability) sent to Dr. Sherrie 
Fleshman, Chair—sherrie .fleshman@ und .edu. Review of applications will begin June 1, 2013 and will continue 
until the position is filled. The University of North Dakota is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
North Dakota veterans’ preference does not apply to this position.



US Naval Acad

Lang Studies, 589 McNair Rd, MS 10C Annapolis MD 21402

http://www.usna.edu/homepage.php

Visiting Assistant Professor of Russian (Two-Year Term Appointment at the U.S. Naval Academy) 18900

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21458

The Languages and Cultures Department of the United States Naval Academy invites applications for a full-time, 
two-year term position in Russian, at the rank of Visiting Assistant Professor, to begin August 2013. The candidate 
must have a Ph.D. in Russian, native or near-native fluency, and demonstrated experience teaching all levels of undergraduate 
courses in language and culture.

This will be a 10-month appointment during the initial 2-year contract period. A one-year renewal of this appointment 
is possible, subject to available funding and contingent on the needs and emerging plans relating to the Naval 
Academy’s Languages and Cultures Program. Renewal (if exercised) will also be based on a 10-month appointment. 
Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications

Applications in the form of a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of 
recommendation should be mailed to: Chair, Russian Search Committee, Languages and Cultures Department, 
United States Naval Academy, 589 McNair Road, MS 10C, Annapolis, MD 21402 by 01 May 2013. Campus interviews 
may be scheduled for May, pending budgetary approval.

The United States Naval Academy does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex 
(including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, 
disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military 
service, or other non-merit factor. U.S citizenship required.

Vanderbilt U

Germanic & Slavic Langs, VU Station B #351567 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville TN 37235

http://www.vanderbilt.edu/german

Non Tenure track assistant professor of Russian, begin Fall 2013 18828

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21359

The Department of Germanic & Slavic Languages at Vanderbilt University is seeking an energetic individual with 
strong scholarly interests and teaching experience in U.S. colleges as a three year Mellon Assistant Professor. The 
successful candidate will have the teaching load of two courses per semester including language courses and courses 
in Russian literature, film, and culture taught in English. 
The job responsibilities will also include coordinating the 
Russian Hall in McTyeire international house. The position requires near-native or native fluency in Russian and 
English 
and the Ph.D. degree in hand by August 2013. In accordance with Mellon Foundation guidelines, applicants 
must have received the Ph.D. no more than four years from the start of the position.

The field of expertise should include 19th and or 20th century Russian literature and culture and possibly Russian 
film. Ability to teach First-Year Writing Seminar is a plus. Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a writing 
sample, teaching evaluations (if available), an official graduate school transcript, and three letters of recommendation 
to Russian Search Committee, VU Sta. B #351567, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Nashville, TN 37235-1567 by 
March 9, 2013. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.

Vanderbilt University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. [R]



SPANISH See also Romance Languages

Bard C

Lang & Lit, Annandale-on-Hudson NY 12504

http://www.bard.edu/employment/employment/

Spanish Language and Culture Faculty 18970

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21673

Bard High School Early College (BHSEC) Newark, a partnership between Bard College and the Newark Public 
Schools in Newark, NJ, invites applications for a full-time faculty position in Spanish Language and Culture, 
beginning September 2013. Candidates must be able to teach Spanish language at all levels; ability to teach Latin 
American literature in English 
is desirable. Facility in Portuguese language a plus.

The successful applicant for this position must be committed to teaching classes at both the high school and college 
levels. In addition, candidates will be expected to participate fully in the life of the school, including student advising, 
club advising, and committee service. Required: M.A. and either high school or college teaching experience. 
Desired: Ph.D.; experience at both high school and college levels; experience in urban settings.

Interested applicants should send a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, sample course syllabus, and the names and 
contact information for three references to Dr. Lori Ween, Dean of Studies at newarkhiring@ bhsec .bard .edu....... Review 
of applications to begin immediately.

Bard College is an equal opportunity employer 
and welcomes applications from individuals who contribute to its 
diversity.

Bucknell U

Spanish, Lewisburg PA 17837

http://www.bucknell.edu/jobs

Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish and Hispanic Linguistics 18895

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21456

One-year, Visiting Assistant Professor position in Spanish, with specialization in Hispanic Linguistics, for 2013–
2014. Minimum of ABD required for this entry-level position. Teaching responsibilities for each semester will be 
three courses, including Spanish language and Hispanic Linguistics. Candidates must demonstrate a strong commitment 
to teaching language and linguistics, and must have native or near-native fluency in Spanish.

Bucknell University, an equal opportunity employer, 
believes that students learn best in a diverse, inclusive community 
and is therefore committed to academic excellence through diversity in its faculty, staff, and students. We 
seek candidates who will be committed to Bucknell's efforts to create a climate that fosters the growth and development 
of a diverse student body. We welcome applications from members of groups that have been historically 
underrepresented in higher education.

To apply, please submit cover letter, C.V. and three letters of recommendation to www .bucknell .edu/ jobs......... Questions 
can be addressed to Pamela Glass at pglass@ bucknell .edu...................................................... The search committee will begin to screen applications 
on April 15 and will continue until the position is filled. [R]

Christopher Newport U

Mod & Classical Langs & Lit, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606

http://www.cnu.edu

Lecturer in Spanish 18873

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21409

The Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures (MCLL) at Christopher Newport University 
invites applications for full-time, non-tenure track renewable contract faculty position in Spanish at Lecturer rank. 
The Department is central to the University’s curriculum and mission and prides itself on its collegiality and cross-



disciplinary outreach. Applicants must be committed to undergraduate education and demonstrate potential for 
excellence in teaching and guiding undergraduate research. Area of specialization is open, though expertise in one 
of the following areas is highly desired: (1) Second Language Acquisition; or (2) TESOL/ESL. Primary responsibilities 
will include teaching elementary through advanced undergraduate courses in Spanish and contributing to 
the University in the area of service; faculty with expertise in SLA would also coordinate third-semester Spanish, 
and faculty with expertise in TESOL/ESL would also teach ESL courses in English 
for the MAT program. Lecturers 
are encouraged to maintain an active scholarly agenda and are eligible for funding to support research. Native or 
near-native fluency in Spanish required. Earned Ph.D. in Spanish, TESOL/ESL or related field in hand by 8/19/13 
preferred and required for Lecturer rank. ABDs and M.A.'s considered for Instructor rank. Nominal teaching load 
is 4–4.

Located between historic Colonial Williamsburg and the ocean resort of Virginia Beach, CNU is committed to 
outstanding teaching and learning, undergraduate education, and the liberal studies core; the University is seeking 
to shelter a Phi Beta Kappa chapter. The Fall 2012 freshman class of approximately 1,375 students was selected from 
over 7,000 applicants with a middle 50% SAT range: 1100–1240 (Critical Reading and Math). Capital improvements 
(approaching $1 billion) on the beautiful, 260-acre campus integrate the University’s liberal arts vision, 
nurturing mind, body, and spirit. These include the state-of-the-art Trible Library; three new academic buildings 
including a newly opened integrated science building; the Freeman Center athletic complex; and the I.M. Pei-
designed Ferguson Center for the Arts.

To apply, please send letter of interest, current curriculum vitae, copies of graduate transcripts (photocopies acceptable 
for initial screening), statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation to: Director of 
EO and Faculty Recruitment, Spanish (Lecturer) Faculty Search, Search #8400, Christopher Newport University, 
1 Avenue of the Arts, Newport News, VA 23606-3072 or mlmoody@ cnu .edu. Review of applications begins 
4/3/13. Applications received after 4/3/13, will be accepted but considered only if needed. Search finalists are required 
to complete CNU sponsored background check. CNU, an EOE, is fully committed to Access and Opportunity. 
[R]

Coastal Carolina U

Communications, Langs & Cultures, PO Box 261954 Conway SC 29528

http://jobs.coastal.edu

Lecturer of Spanish 19010

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21770

The Department of Communication, Languages and Cultures at Coastal Carolina University invites applications 
for appointment as Lecturer of Spanish, effective August, 2013.

Candidates must have a M.A. or Ph.D. in Spanish. College-level teaching experience in the United States is a plus. 
Distance learning teaching experience is also beneficial. The teaching load is five (5) sections of introductory and/
or intermediate classes in Spanish per semester. Teaching assignments may include evening courses. Other duties 
include holding office hours and all aspects of management and reporting about the courses taught, as well as 
participating in departmental, College, and University life. The appointment is renewable and includes benefits. 
Familiarity with assessment and technology would be beneficial. Preference will be given to candidates who are 
qualified to teach in another discipline area, including German or Italian.

Coastal Carolina University, a public liberal arts institution located just nine miles from the Atlantic coast resort of 
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, enrolls more than 9,000 students from 48 states and 39 nations. The University is 
accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award the baccalaureate 
and master’s degrees.

Interested candidates should apply electronically at http:// jobs .coastal .edu by submitting a cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, letters of recommendation, and the names and contact information for three professional references. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Coastal Carolina University is building a culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates. CCU is an EO/AA employer.




Colgate U

Rom Langs & Lit, 13 Oak Dr Hamilton NY 13346

http://www.colgate.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish (1-year position) 18857

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21390

The Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at Colgate University invites applications for a one-year 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor in Spanish language and Colonial Latin American literature, beginning 
fall term 2013. Completion of the PhD is expected prior to or shortly after the date of hire. The teaching 
assignment is five courses per year, including fourth-and fifth-semester Spanish language. Salary and benefits 
are competitive. Letter of application, vita and letters of recommendation must be submitted through https:// 
academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/ 2608 Review of applications will begin on April 10, 2013, and continue until 
the position is filled. Colgate is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Developing and sustaining a 
diverse faculty, staff and student body further the University's educational mission. Applications from women and 
minorities are strongly encouraged. Applicants with dual-career considerations can find postings of other employment 
opportunities at Colgate and at other institutions of higher education in upstate New York at www.upstatenyherc.
org [R]

Colgate U

Rom Langs & Lit, 13 Oak Dr Hamilton NY 13346

http://www.colgate.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish (2-year position) 18856

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21389

The Department of Romance Languages and Literatures invites applications for a two-year Visiting Assistant Professor 
of Spanish, beginning fall 2013. Completion of the PhD is expected prior to or shortly after the date of hire. 
Candidate should have a record of successful teaching in the Spanish language and a demonstrable ability to teach 
undergraduate courses in Peninsular 19th-century 
literature. Letter of application, vita and letters of recommendation 
must be submitted through https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/ 2607. Review of applications will begin 
on April 10, 2013, and continue until the position is filled. Colgate is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty, staff and student body further the University's educational 
mission. Applications from women and minorities are strongly encouraged. Applicants with dual-career considerations 
can find postings of other employment opportunities at Colgate and at other institutions of higher education 
in upstate New York at www.upstatenyherc.org [R]

East Carolina U

English, 
2201 Bate Bldg Mail Stop 555 Greenville NC 27858

http://www.Click2Apply.net/638qrnx

TEACHING ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OR TEACHING INSTRUCTOR-SPANISH 18987

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21718

Position Number: 949072

Full-time, non-tenure-track, fixed-term position as either Teaching Assistant Professor of Spanish or Teaching 
Instructor of Spanish, beginning August 12, 2013. Teaching load of four courses per semester, primarily in the beginning 
language levels. Native or near-native Spanish and English. 
Applicants should demonstrate commitment to 
teaching and service to the university, community, and profession. Candidates with experience in communicative 
teaching practices preferred. Familiarity with CALL a plus. Salary commensurate with qualifications. Screening 
begins 06/14/2013; position will remain open until filled. 

Qualifications: PhD for appointment as Teaching Assistant Professor, or MA in the field, or any MA + 18 graduate 
units in the field for appointment as Teaching Instructor.



 All degrees must be received from appropriately accredited institutions.

To apply, complete a candidate profile and submit an application letter, curriculum vitae and contact information 
for three current references.

 Also, arrange for three current letters of reference to be sent directly to Javier Lorenzo, East Carolina University, 
Dept. of Foreign Languages and Literatures, 3324 Bate Bldg., MS 556, Greenville, NC 27858. Official transcript 
will be required upon employment. 

East Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 


Visit this job posting at ecu .peopleadmin .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=71780.

Middlebury C

Spanish & Portuguese, Warner 014 Middlebury VT 05753

http://apptrkr.com/334530

One-Year Term Visiting Assistant Professor Spanish 18926

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21463

The Department of Spanish and Portuguese invites applications for a one-year, non-continuing position in Spanish, 
beginning Fall 2013. Area of specialization is open; preference will be given to candidates who could cover the 
field of gender and queer studies. Candidates should demonstrate a strong commitment to the teaching of Spanish 
at all levels to students from diverse backgrounds. Appointment will be made at the rank of Visiting Assistant Professor 
(Ph.D.) or Visiting Instructor. Candidates should provide evidence of excellence in teaching and publications.

Review of applications will begin April 10, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. Middlebury College 
uses Interfolio (http:// www .interfolio .com) to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email and paper 
applications will not be accepted. Through Interfolio, submit letter of application to department chair Dr. Patricia 
Saldarriaga, along with a statement of teaching interests, curriculum vitae, sample syllabi of courses in area(s) of 
specialization, graduate transcripts, at least one sample of scholarly work, and three current letters of recommendation, 
at least two of which must comment on teaching abilities. More information at http:// apptrkr .com/ 334530.

Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty 
teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we 
work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly 
diverse student body.

Millsaps C

Mod Langs, 1701 N State St Campus Box 150130 Jackson MS 39210

Visiting Assistant Professor/Instructor of Spanish 18945

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21534

Modern Languages, 1701 North State Street, Jackson, MS 39210-0001 http:// www .millsaps .edu/ academic_ 
departments/ department_ of_ modern_ languages .php

Visiting Assistant Professor/Instructor of Spanish (One-year position) The Department of Modern Languages at 
Millsaps College invites applications for a full-time, one year replacement in Spanish at the rank of Visiting Assistant 
Professor (with Ph.D) or Visiting Instructor (ABD) beginning fall 2013. May be renewed for an additional 
year, depending on the needs of the College.

The area of specialization is open. Primary responsibilities include teaching beginning and intermediate levels, 
introductory Hispanic Civilization or Literature, and an English-
taught class on 20th/21st century Hispanic Literature/
Culture. Teaching load is 3–3.

Native or near-native fluency in Spanish and English 
is required. The ideal candidate will show a commitment to 
undergraduate education, and will provide evidence of excellence in teaching at the college level.



Millsaps College provides an ideal atmosphere for learning, with one teacher for every 9 students and an average 
class size of 14. Associated with the United Methodist Church, and located on 100 beautiful acres in the heart of 
Mississippi's capital of Jackson-a progressive southern city of nearly half a million population-Millsaps is home to 
just over 900 students from 26 states and 23 countries. Our students have intellectual firepower, and know they 
will be taught by faculty who are as serious about learning as they are.

Applicants should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, unofficial transcripts, letters of recommendation 
and evidence of excellence in teaching. Submit all materials to MLA online portfolio. Inquiries may be directed to 
Dr. George Bey, Spanish Search Committee, e-mail: beygj@ millsaps .edu......................................... Review of applications begins immediately, 
and will continue until the position is filled.

Millsaps is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages applications from minorities. Employment will be contingent 
on complete background verification. [R]

Minnesota SU, Mankato

World Langs & Cultures, 227 Armstrong Hall Mankato MN 56001

http://mnsu.edu

Assistant Professor of Spanish 18870

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21407

Minnesota State, Mankato. Starting date August 19, 2013. Teach 24 credits per years. REQUIREMENTS: Doctorate 
in Spanish by starting date; documented teaching excellence at college level; ability to teach all levels of 
Spanish language and as well as culture of Spanish-speaking countries of Latin America in traditional and online 
environments. Special consideration is given to candidates with experience in teaching professional or business 
Spanish. Native or near-native fluency in Spanish and English, 
potential for research, and commitment to diversity 
are required. DUTIES: Candidate will develop and teach undergraduate and graduate courses, advise students, 
assist with graduate theses or APPs, participate in university and departmental activities, and maintain an active 
record of scholarship. TO APPLY: see description and application procedure at http:www.mnsu.edu (link to “Employment 
at MSU”). Department website http:www.mnsu.edu/languages/). AA/EOE and a member of the Minnesota 
State Colleges and University System.

Purdue U

Langs & Cultures, 640 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907

http://www.cla.purdue.edu/slc/main/

Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish 18971

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21688

The School of Languages & Cultures announces a search for a Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish for the 2013–
2014 academic year. The appointment is for one academic year. The ideal candidate will have expertise in Latin 
American literature and culture, and will be qualified to teach courses at the undergraduate and the graduate levels 
on poetry and drama. We also encourage applications from qualified generalists with a research background in Colonial 
literature. Specialist in Modernist and Vanguardist Poetry preferred. Native or near-native fluency in Spanish. 
Demonstrated excellence in teaching and strong commitment to undergraduate teaching. Ph.D. in hand by the 
time of appointment. Screening of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled.

Applications should include: a letter of application, a current curriculum vitae, teaching evaluations if available, and 
three letters of recommendations. No emails please.

Applications should be addressed to:

Professor Dawn F Stinchcomb

Chair, Department of Spanish & Portuguese

The School of Languages and Cultures

Purdue University



640 Oval Drive, SC 146

West Lafayette, IN 47907-2039

Purdue University is an Equal Opportunity Equal Access Affirmative Action Employer 
fully committed to achieving 
a diverse workforce.

Roanoke C

Mod Langs, 221 College Ln Salem VA 24153

http://www.roanoke.edu

Teaching Associate in Spanish 18849

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21379

Teaching Associate in Spanish. Ph.D. preferred with native or near-native fluency with demonstrated experience 
at the college level. Primary responsibilities include coordinating intermediate-level courses and teaching lower-
level Spanish language classes. Seven-course teaching load. Candidates must be committed to excellence in undergraduate 
teaching and on-going faculty development, have proven ability to promote foreign language study, 
have experience with applied technology for language pedagogy, and be able to work effectively with departmental 
colleagues. The position is renewable annually and begins in fall 2013. Roanoke College is a nationally ranked 
residential liberal arts college affiliated with the Lutheran Church (ELCA). A Phi Beta Kappa institution, Roanoke 
College is an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its faculty, staff, and students. Send a 
letter of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, and three recommendations through Interfolio. Review 
of candidates will begin on April 1 until the position is filled.

Santa Clara U

Mod Langs & Lits, 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara CA 95053

http://www.scu.edu/hr/careers/faculty.cfm?id=3754

Academic Year Adjunct Lecturer, Spanish 18983

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21715

Purpose:

The Department of Modern Languages & Literatures at Santa Clara University, a Catholic Jesuit institution, seeks 
applicants to teach Spanish courses for one academic year (September 2013-June 2014). The lecturer will teach five 
courses over three quarters of the academic year. Courses must be taught all three quarters (fall, winter, spring). 
Depending on applicant background, teaching assignment may include courses in elementary Spanish language as 
well as upper division courses in Spanish linguistics. This position is contingent upon funding.

Status:

Academic Year Adjunct Lecturer (One year term: September 2013-June 2014)

Qualifications:

Ph.D. or A.B.D. or M.A. in Spanish. Native-or near-native level fluency in Spanish. Commitment to and evidence 
of excellence in teaching courses at the college level. Must have expertise and experience with ACTFL Standards-
based teaching and assessment and instructional technologies. Must have the ability to serve as mentor to students 
of diverse backgrounds. The following areas of expertise are highly desirable: History of the Spanish language, Second 
Language Acquisition/Pedagogy; Sociolinguistics; OPI certified tester.

Rank and Salary:

Academic Year Adjunct Lecturer (one-year appointment, non-tenure track), $34,000-$36,000 (based on a five-
course load) depending on experience; benefits eligible

Starting Date:

September 1, 2013



Application Deadline:

June 7, 2013

Responsibilities:

Duties include fulfilling all responsibilities associated with teaching assigned courses, including:

1. Conducting all assigned class meetings and individual conferences with students;

2. Assigning and evaluating student work including exams and written assignments;

3. Holding weekly office hours on campus;

4. Submitting student grades to the Student Records by the designated deadline; and

5. Fulfilling other instructional or academic duties as may be assigned by the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences 
or by the Chair of the Department.

Application Procedure:

Please submit the following via EMAIL:

1. a letter of application, specifying qualifications, teaching experience and teaching philosophy

2. current curriculum vitae

3. Graduate transcripts

4. Teaching evaluations from most recent position

5. Two letters of recommendation

E-MAIL APPLICATION TO: ModernLanguages@ scu .edu

SUBJECT: Search Committee: Spanish AYAL

SCU does not sponsor any visa applications for these positions. The successful candidate must be able to provide 
evidence of identity and legal authorization to work in the United States.

Santa Clara University is a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located in California's Silicon Valley, offering 
its 8,800 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences, business, and engineering, plus master's, 
Ph.D., and law degrees.

Distinguished by the highest retention rate and ranked second among all master's universities in the West by U.S. 
News and World Report, Santa Clara University is California's oldest operating institution of higher-education. 
The University is focused on creating an academic community that educates citizens and leaders who will build a 
more just, humane, and sustainable world.

Santa Clara U

Mod Langs & Lits, 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara CA 95053

http://www.scu.edu/hr/careers/faculty.cfm?id=3752

Quarterly Adjunct Lecturer, Spanish Linguistics 18982

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21714

Purpose:

The Department of Modern Languages & Literatures at Santa Clara University, a Jesuit, Catholic institution, seeks 
applicants to teach upper division Spanish linguistics courses during the 2013–2014 Academic year. Positions are 
contingent upon funding and departmental need. Re-employment in subsequent quarters in academic year 2013–
2014 may be possible as openings in the department occur for which the applicant is qualified. Such re-employment 
is contingent upon a satisfactory evaluation of the applicant's teaching performance, curricular need, and funding.

Qualifications:



Ph.D. or A.B.D. or M.A. in Spanish. Native-or near-native level fluency in Spanish. Commitment to and evidence 
of excellence in teaching courses at the college level. Must have expertise and experience with ACTFL Standards-
based teaching and assessment and instructional technologies. Must have the ability to serve as mentor to students 
of diverse backgrounds. The following areas of expertise are highly desirable: History of the Spanish language, Second 
Language Acquisition/Pedagogy; Sociolinguistics.

Rank and Salary: Lecturer, Quarterly Part Time; $5,800 per course.

Starting Date

Winter quarter: Classes begin January 6, 2014

Spring quarter: Classes begin March 31, 2014

Application Deadline:

June 7, 2013

Responsibilities:

Duties include fulfilling all responsibilities associated with teaching assigned courses, including:

1. Conducting all assigned class meetings and individual conferences with students;

2. Assigning and evaluating student work including exams and written assignments;

3. Holding weekly office hours on campus;

4. Submitting student grades to the Student Records by the designated deadline; and

5. Fulfilling other instructional or academic duties as may be assigned by the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences 
or by the by the Chair of the Department.

Application Procedure:

Please submit the following application materials via EMAIL:

1. a letter of application, specifying qualifications, teaching experience and teaching philosophy

2. current curriculum vitae

3. Graduate transcripts

4. Teaching evaluations from most recent position

5. Two letters of recommendation

E-MAIL APPLICATION TO: ModernLanguages@ scu .edu

SUBJECT: Search Committee: Spanish Linguistics QAL

SCU does not sponsor any visa applications for these positions. The successful candidate must be able to provide 
evidence of identity and legal authorization to work in the United States.

Santa Clara University is a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located in California's Silicon Valley, offering 
its 8,800 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences, business, and engineering, plus master's, 
Ph.D., and law degrees.

Distinguished by the highest retention rate and ranked second among all master's universities in the West by U.S. 
News and World Report, Santa Clara University is California's oldest operating institution of higher-education. 
The University is focused on creating an academic community that educates citizens and leaders who will build a 
more just, humane, and sustainable world.



Sewanee: The U of the South

Spanish, 735 University Av Sewanee TN 37383

http://sewanee.edu

Visiting Instructor, Department of Spanish 18860

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21393

The Spanish Department at The University of the South seeks a Visiting Instructor of Spanish for a one year appointment, 
beginning fall 2013. A Ph.D. is preferred, ABD considered. Native/near native fluency in Spanish and 
ability to communicate successfully in colloquial English 
is essential. Familiarity with the Liberal Arts curriculum 
is a necessity. The area of specialization is open. The ideal candidate must show evidence of ability to teach a wide 
variety of courses, most of them at the beginning and intermediate language level. The candidate will be expected 
to teach three courses each semester.

The University of the South comprises a highly-regarded College of Liberal Arts and Sciences and a distinguished 
School of Theology. It is an institution of the Episcopal Church that welcomes individuals of all backgrounds. It is 
located on a striking, 13,000-acre campus on Tennessee's Cumberland Plateau.

Eligibility for employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background screening.

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statements of teaching and research interests, transcripts, and three 
letters of reference to:

http:// www2 .sewanee .edu/ printservices/ faculty_ hiring

Other correspondence may be directed to fachire@ sewanee .edu

The University of the South is an Equal-Opportunity Employer.


Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.

Simpson C

World Lang & Culture Studies, 701 North C St Indianola IA 50125

http://simpson.edu/world-language

Visiting Instructor/Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish 19008

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21769

The Department of World Language and Culture Studies at Simpson College invites applications for a one-year, 
non-tenure-track, full-time adjunct position in Spanish beginning in August, 2013. Qualifications include an M.A. 
or Ph.D. in Spanish, applied linguistics, cultural studies, comparative literature, or related field; native or near-native 
proficiency in both Spanish and English; 
and teaching experience at the college level. Teaching load: 7 courses 
for the year, primarily at beginning and intermediate levels. Application materials should be submitted electronically 
to Dr. Tracy Dinesen, Associate Professor of Spanish, at tracy .dinesen@ simpson .edu............................. Please include cover letter, 
CV, and names of three references with contact information. Review of applications will begin June 24, 2013, 
and continue until the position is filled. Simpson College is an Equal Opportunity Employer.


Southern Methodist U

World Langs & Lits, PO Box 750236, 309 Clements Dallas TX 75275

http://www.smu.edu

Professor of Practice in Spanish 18864

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21411

Position No. 00052318. The Department of World Languages and Literatures in Dedman College at Southern 
Methodist University seeks a full-time, non-tenure-track Professor of the Practice in Spanish beginning fall semester 
2013. One-year contract with possibility of subsequent three-year contract renewals. M.A. or equivalent in 



Spanish required; Ph.D. will be considered. We seek candidates with demonstrated excellence in teaching a variety 
of language and culture courses at the college level and with training in second language acquisition and pedagogy. 
Native or near-native proficiency in Spanish and English 
required. To ensure full consideration for the position, 
the application must be postmarked by April 15, 2013, but the committee will continue to accept applications until 
the position is filled. The committee will notify applicants of its employment decision after the position is filled. 
Send cover letter, cv, statement of teaching philosophy, two letters of reference, and a photocopy of transcripts to 
Professor Marie-Luise Gättens, Chair, World Languages and Literatures, Southern Methodist University, P.O. Box 
750236, Dallas TX 75275-0236. SMU will not discriminate in any employment practice, education program or 
educational activity on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran 
status. SMU’s commitment to equal opportunity includes nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual orientation 
and gender identity and expression. Hiring is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of a background check.

Southern Utah U

For Langs & Philos, 351 W University, GC 108 Cedar City UT 84720

http://jobs.suu.edu

Lecturer of Spanish 18936

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21514

Southern Utah University, with an enrollment of nearly 8,000 students, has been designated the public liberal arts 
and sciences college for the state of Utah. The campus, located in Cedar City, is surrounded by stunning natural 
beauty.

Southern Utah University seeks applicants for a lecturer position in Spanish, Non-Tenure track, to begin on August 
16, 2013. M.A. or ABD required by start date. We seek a generalist with a specialization in any area of Peninsular 
or Latin American literature and/or culture, who is also an outstanding teacher. Native or near native fluency 
in Spanish and fluency in English 
is required. The teaching load is 30 credit hours per year, including both lower 
and upper division Spanish courses. Responsibilities include service on department committees, and advising and 
curriculum development within the Spanish program. The annual salary and benefits are competitive.

SUU is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
Review of applications will begin on 
May 15 and continue until the position is filled. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. Apply online at 
http:// jobs .suu .edu (Job #1200079). For problems or questions, please contact Human Resources (435) 586-7754 
or jobs@ suu .edu. [R]

Southern Utah U

For Langs & Philos, 351 W University, GC 108 Cedar City UT 84720

http://jobs.suu.edu

Assistant Professor of Spanish 18935

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21513

Southern Utah University, with an enrollment of nearly 8,000 students, has been designated the public liberal arts 
and sciences college for the state of Utah. The campus, located in Cedar City, is surrounded by stunning natural 
beauty.

Southern Utah University seeks applicants for an Assistant Professor of Spanish, Tenure-track position to begin on 
August 16, 2013. A Ph.D. is required by start date. We seek a generalist with a specialization in any area of Peninsular 
or Latin American literature and/or culture, who is also an outstanding teacher and active researcher. Native 
or near native fluency in Spanish and fluency in English 
is required. The teaching load is 24 credit hours per year, 
including both lower and upper division Spanish courses. Responsibilities include service on department and college 
committees, and advising and curriculum development within the Spanish program. Research and publication 
required for tenure. The annual salary and benefits are competitive.

SUU is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
Review of applications will begin on 
May 15 and continue until the position is filled. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. Apply online at 



http:// jobs .suu .edu (Job #1200079). For problems or questions, please contact Human Resources (435) 586-7754 
or jobs@ suu .edu. [R]

SU of New York, New Paltz

Langs, Lits & Cultures, 800 Hawk Dr New Paltz NY 12561

http://www.newpaltz.edu/hr/displayjobdetails.php?id=1388

Lecturer of Spanish 19001

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21742

The Department of Languages, Literatures and Cultures at the State University of New York at New Paltz invites 
applications for a one year lecturer of Spanish beginning in fall 2013. Duties include teaching lower-division 
Spanish language courses. Course load will be 30 credits. A minimum of a Master's degree in Spanish, native or 
near-native fluency in Spanish and English, 
demonstrated excellence in teaching (particularly at the post-secondary 
level), and proficiency with language technology, are required. Electronic applications may be addressed to 
the Chair of the Spanish Lecturer Search Committee at spanishlecturer@ newpaltz .edu. Candidates should include 
a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and teaching evaluations. Please note 
search number F13–02 on all materials submitted. [R]

Swarthmore C

Mod Langs & Lits, 500 College Av Swarthmore PA 19081

http://www.swarthmore.edu/Humanities.mll

Visiting Asssistant Professor of Spanish 18843

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21368

Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish (2013–2015)

The Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at Swarthmore College seeks applicants for a non-renewable 
two-year position as Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish, beginning fall semester of 2013. Teaching load is 5 
courses per year, 4 of them in Spanish language and 1 in literature/culture. Essential qualifications include: PhD in 
hand by August 2013; strong commitment to undergraduate education; native or near-native proficiency in Spanish 
and English; 
ability to teach language courses at all levels as well as courses in Early Modern/Baroque Iberian 
literature/culture; experience in teaching college students, and a lively classroom presence.

Salary and benefits are competitive. The deadline for application is March 29, 2013. Letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, graduate transcript, and three letters of recommendation should be sent to:

Spanish Search Committee

Department of Modern Languages and Literatures

Swarthmore College

500 College Ave.

Swarthmore, PA 19081-1390

Swarthmore College is a highly selective liberal arts college located in the suburbs of Philadelphia, whose mission 
combines academic rigor with social responsibility. Swarthmore has a strong institutional commitment to excellence 
through diversity in its educational program and employment practices and actively seeks and welcomes applications 
from candidates with exceptional qualifications, particularly those with demonstrable commitments to a 
more inclusive society and world. [R]



U of Alabama, Birmingham

For Langs & Lits, 900 13th St S Humanities Bldg 407 Birmingham AL 35294

http://www.Click2Apply.net/hf95ssd

Assistant Professor in Spanish 18931

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21516

The Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures in the UAB College of Arts and Sciences is seeking applicants 
for a full-time, tenure track, nine months appointment, Assistant Professor in Spanish beginning August 2014. 
PhD in Hispanic Latin American Literature, or equivalent, with scholarly production in the area of Afro-Hispanic 
Literature, lndigenism, and Heterogeneous Cultures. Native or near native fluency in both Spanish and English 
required. 
UAB is a research-intensive institution. The DFLL has no graduate program and the teaching load is three 
courses per semester (3/3).

UAB is an Equal Opportunity I Affirmative Action Employer 
committed to fostering a diverse, equitable and 
family-friendly environment in which all faculty and staff can excel and achieve work/life balance irrespective of 
ethnicity, gender, faith, gender identity and expression as well as sexual orientation. UAB also encourages applications 
from individuals with disabilities and veterans. A pre-employment background investigation performed on 
candidates selected for employment.

For more information about the DFLL, please visit our website at www.uab.edu/languages.

Submit application letters, CV, graduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, sample of publication, teaching 
and research statements through lnterfolio via the link above by November 15, 2013, to be interviewed at 
MLA. Review of applications begins immediately and continues until the position is filled.

U of Chicago

The College, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637

https://academiccareers.uchicago.edu

Lecturer in Spanish 18869

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21401

The Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at the University of Chicago is accepting applications for 
two full-time one-year (renewable) Lecturer positions in Spanish to start on September 1, 2013.

Responsibilities include teaching six language courses per year (2 courses per quarter) plus assist with course administration 
and/or materials development. Degree in second language teaching or acquisition, cultural studies, 
translation or linguistics preferred. Native or near-native proficiency required. Strong teaching experience and 
student evaluations essential.

To apply for these positions you must submit your application through the University of Chicago Academic Career 
Opportunities website, https:// academiccareers .uchicago .edu, and select requisition #01643. Applicants must 
upload a cover letter, curriculum vitae, student evaluations, and provide names and contact information for three 
recommenders.

Application deadline: All materials must be uploaded by Friday, April 5, 2013.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of Dayton

Langs, 300 College Park, 352 Phillips Hum Ctr Dayton OH 45469

http://www.udayton.edu

Lecturer in Spanish 19068

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21877

Department of Languages – Lecturer in Spanish



Beginning January 1, 2014

Full-time Lecturer in Spanish. Non-tenure-track appointment, with possibility of annual renewal. We seek a generalist 
to teach Spanish language and culture at all undergraduate levels. Teaching load is twelve credit hours per 
semester. Required minimum qualifications: M.A. degree in Spanish, Teaching Spanish as a Second Language, or 
related field; ability to conduct blended learning courses, knowledge of undergraduate education in the U.S.; and 
Advanced High level of proficiency as described in the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines in all modalities in Spanish 
and English. 
Preferred qualifications: experience teaching Spanish courses at the college level with proficiency/
competency-based approaches; training to teach Spanish as a second language; experience teaching students from 
diverse backgrounds and learning styles. Full participation in all departmental activities is expected.

To apply, submit application and the following materials: 1) letter of application; 2) curriculum vitae; 3) evidence 
of teaching effectiveness; and, 4) unofficial transcripts of graduate work; online at http:// jobs .udayton .edu.......... In addition, 
three signed letters of recommendation must be mailed directly to the attention of Dr. Francisco Peñas-
Bermejo, Department of Languages, University of Dayton, Dayton, OH 45469-1539. Application materials must 
be received by August 15, 2013. The work will be performed in Dayton, Ohio. This is a full-time, forty hour per 
week position, with normal working hours of 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The University offers a competitive salary and 
benefits package.

The University of Dayton, founded in 1850 by the Society of Mary, is a Top Ten Catholic research university. The 
University seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic 
excellence in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and 
service in the local and global community.

To attain its Catholic and Marianist mission, the University is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion 
and affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. It acts affirmatively to recruit and hire 
women, traditionally under-represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans.

U of Denver

Langs & Lits, 2000 E Asbury, Sturm Hall 391 Denver CO 80208

http://www.dujobs.org

Lecturer in Spanish, renewable (004561) 19014

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21795

The Department of Languages and Literatures at the University of Denver invites applications for a lectureship in 
Spanish with an appointment by September 1, 2013.

Teaching responsibilities will include undergraduate language (elementary, intermediate, rarely 3rd year) as well as 
an occasional Peninsular or Latin American culture course in Spanish. Some organization of extra-curricular activities 
and certain amounts of department service are expected. We are especially interested in qualified candidates 
who can contribute to diversity and inclusive excellence through their teaching and service.

This is a full-time position with full benefits. The teaching load is eight classes per year on a quarter calendar. The 
candidate is expected to have native or near-native fluency in both Spanish and English. 
MA in Spanish or related 
field by September 1, 2013 is required. ABD preferred.

The University of Denver is committed to enhancing the diversity of its faculty and staff and encourages applications 
from women, minorities, members of the LBGT community, people with disabilities and veterans. The University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
[R]

U of Kentucky

Hisp Studies, 1153 Patterson Office Tower Lexington KY 40506

http://www.uky.edu

Lecturer in Spanish 18955

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21651



The Department of Hispanic Studies invites applications for 1 full-time lecturer position beginning August 2013. 
The successful candidate will be responsible for teaching three language courses per semester and coordinating the 
high beginner/high intermediate track. The position also offers opportunities for professional development and/or 
research activities. Ability to use instructional technology and experience in teaching Spanish for the Professions 
are desirable. The candidate will be fully involved in the academic mission of the Department including service 
responsibilities. Contract will be in principle indefinitely renewable and harbors the possibility of promotion to 
Senior Lecturer. Nationally competitive salary and full benefits. A Ph.D. in Spanish or in a relevant field is required 
by time of appointment. Send letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, and teaching portfolio 
[teaching statement, sample syllabi, student evaluations for the last year, other evidences of teaching effectiveness or 
innovations] to Professor Yanira Paz, Lecturer Search Committee, Department of Hispanic Studies, 1153 Patterson 
Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506-0027. Review of applications will begin May 15th 
and continue until the position is filled.

The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity University that values diversity and is located 
in an increasingly diverse geographical region. It is committed to becoming one of the top public institutions 
in the country. Women, persons with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply.

U of Miami

Mod Langs & Lit, PO Box 248093 Coral Gables FL 33124

http://www.as.miami.edu/mll/

Assistant Professor of Spanish and Theater Arts 18894

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21461

The UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI, Department of Modern Languages and Literatures, invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in 20th Century Spanish Literature and Philosophy and Theater Studies, beginning in August 
2013 at the rank of Assistant Professor. The successful candidate will have native or near-native competence in 
Spanish and a solid knowledge of English. 
The selected candidate will teach in the Spanish section of the department, 
at all levels, comparative literature courses in Modern Languages and Literatures, and in the Theater Arts 
Department. Evidence of excellence in teaching and scholarly promise required. Publications are strongly preferred; 
conference presentations are also desirable. Ph.D. must be completed by July 2013.

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Preference will be given 
to candidates whose materials are received by April 8, 2013. Interested candidates may apply electronically to mll 
.facultysearch@ miami .edu-or mail the application to Dr. George Yudice, Chair of the Search Committee, whose 
address is below. In either case, the application should consist of a cover letter, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and the 
names and (physical and email) addresses of three referees.

Dr. George Yudice, Chair of Search Committee

Department of Modern Languages and Literatures

University of Miami

P.O. Box 248093

Coral Gables, FL 33124-2074

The University of Miami is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity University that values diversity and has progressive 
work-life policies. Women, persons with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented groups are 
encouraged to apply.



U of Minnesota, Duluth

For Langs & Lits, 1201 Ordean Ct, H457 Duluth MN 55812

http://employment.umn.edu

Instructor or Assistant Professor of Spanish 18876

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21439

The Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures at the University of Minnesota Duluth has a full-time term 
faculty Instructor or Assistant Professor of Spanish position beginning August 26, 2013. Position entails teaching 
Spanish language courses and some college/campus service. Required qualifications: a) M.A. in Spanish or related 
field by April 1, 2013; b) evidence of strong teaching credentials; c) minimum of one year teaching experience 
(Spanish) at the college level. The University of Minnesota requires that you apply online for this position. For 
a complete position description and information on how to apply online, visit http:// employment .umn .edu/, and 
search for Job Requisition Number 183396. Complete applications will be reviewed beginning April 15, 2013. The 
University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. 
[R]

U of Pennsylvania

Rom Langs, 255 S 36th St, 521 Williams Hall Philadelphia PA 19104

http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/

Lecturer A-Spanish 18913

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21486

The Department of Romance Languages invites applications for four full-time, one-year appointments as Lecturers 
(non-tenure track) to teach all levels of Spanish language in an undergraduate program committed to dynamic 
language instruction. Teaching load is 6 courses per year of elementary through advanced language and culture 
courses. Native or near-native linguistic ability in Spanish, teaching experience at the university level, and excellent 
teaching credentials are required. Experience coordinating language courses highly desirable. MA required, 
Ph.D. preferred.

Application dossiers are to be submitted online at facultysearches .provost .upenn .edu/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=51170 and should include an application letter, a curriculum vitae, summary sheets of student 
evaluations, and the names and contact information of three individuals who have agreed to provide a letter of recommendation. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. The University 
of Pennsylvania is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

U of Richmond

Latin Amer & Iberian Studies, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173

http://lais.richmond.edu/

Visiting Faculty Position in Spanish 18874

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21410

The Department of Latin American and Iberian Studies at the University of Richmond invites applications for 
a one-year visiting, non-tenure track position in Spanish language and literature to begin August 2013. We seek 
candidates with expertise in the instruction of the Spanish language and a strong commitment to high quality undergraduate 
education. The successful candidate is expected to teach intensive Spanish language courses at the beginning 
and intermediate levels. Teaching load is four units per semester or the equivalent (with intensive language 
courses counting as two units each and all other courses counting as one unit each). Applicants must hold a Ph.D. 
or ABD in a related field, as well as native or near native fluency.

Applicants should submit a cover letter, a statement of teaching interests, graduate transcripts, a current curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation (including at least one that addresses teaching effectiveness or potential) 
to: Aurora Hermida-Ruiz, Chair, Department of Latin American and Iberian Studies, University of Richmond, 
VA 23173. Review of applications will begin on March 25, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled.



The University of Richmond is committed to developing a diverse workforce and student body and to being an 
inclusive community. We strongly encourage applications from candidates who will contribute to these goals. For 
more information on the department, see http:// lais .richmond .edu/. [R]

U of Washington

Spanish & Port, PO Box 354360, C-104 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195

http://depts.washington.edu/spanport/

Lecturer Full-Time in Spanish 19070

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21878

The Division of Spanish and Portuguese Studies at the University of Washington seeks a full-time lecturer in Spanish 
to teach Spanish language courses at all levels. Responsibilities include an annual teaching load of seven or eight 
courses, depending upon level, spread over three academic quarters, plus some departmental service. One-year appointment, 
to begin September 16, 2013. Possibility but no presumption of renewal. Non-tenure eligible.

Applicants must have at least an M.A. in Spanish Linguistics, Literature, and/or Second Language Acquisition or 
equivalent. Native or near-native fluency in Spanish and demonstrated excellence in Spanish language instruction 
at all levels required.

Priority will be given to applications received by July 24, 2013. Letter, C.V., transcripts, three academic letters of 
recommendation to:

Anthony L. Geist, Chair

Division of Spanish and Portuguese Studies

University of Washington

Box 354360

Seattle, WA 98195-4360

University of Washington faculty engage in teaching, research and service. The University of Washington is an 
Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected 
veterans are encouraged to apply.

Yeshiva U

Langs, Lits, & Cultures, 500 W 185th St 548 Belfer Hall New York NY 10033

http://www.yu.edu/yeshiva-college/

Lecturer in Spanish 19012

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21796

Yeshiva University of New York, NY seeks a Lecturer in Spanish to teach courses in Hispanic language, literature 
and culture, from introductory language to advanced literature classes. The preferred candidate should be able to 
develop students’ knowledge and appreciation of all forms of primary works of Hispanic art (e.g. literary and visual) 
as well as present cultural contexts. Courses will be conducted in Spanish and English. 
PhD in Hispanic Literatures 
and Languages, near-native fluency in Spanish and English, 
experience teaching multiple levels of Spanish and 
coordinating language classes, and ability to teach courses in Spanish as well as in English 
required. The successful 
candidate will be expected to participate broadly in the activities of the Department of Languages, Literatures & 
Cultures, and initiate several Spanish-oriented student activities each semester. Comp sal & benefits. [R]



TAMIL

Columbia U

Middle Eastern, South Asian, and African Studies, 606 W 122nd St, 401 Knox Hall MC 9628 New York NY 
10027

http://www.columbia.edu/cu/mesaas

Instructor in Tamil 18848

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21395

Tamil Language Instructor. The Department of Middle Eastern, South Asian and African Studies is seeking a 
Tamil Language Instructor. Applicants must possess an advanced degree in Tamil Language or Literature. We are 
seeking a professional language teacher with a serious commitment to developing pedagogical materials and incorporating 
technological innovations into the curriculum. Responsibilities will include teaching multiple undergraduate 
and graduate courses, and development of new teaching materials and courses associated with the program. 
An application letter including a brief description of the applicant's teaching philosophy and methodology and Curriculum 
Vitae should be sent electronically via Interfolio through the link above to:

Jessica Rechtschaffer

MESAAS

Tamil Search Committee,

606 West 122nd Street, 401A Knox Hall, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027 [R]

TURKISH

U of Kansas

Russian, East European & Eurasian Studies Ctr, 1440 Jayhawk Blvd, Ste 320 Lawrence KS 66045

http://www.crees.ku.edu/

Turkish Lecturer 19003

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21739

KU CREES is searching for a lecturer for the 2013–2014 academic year, to teach courses in first and second year 
Turkish and Turkish culture and/or literature. Required qualifications are: native or near-native fluency in Turkish 
as evidenced by application materials; MA in Turkish Language & Literature, Turkish Studies or a field related to 
foreign language pedagogy; ability to teach Turkish effectively, as demonstrated by previous professional experience 
and/or training; fluency in English; 
and appropriate work authorization for employment in the US. This is a 
three-quarter time position, teaching two/three classes per semester, with the possibility of renewal.

For more information and to apply go to http:// employment .ku .edu/ jobs/ 2904

Review of applications begins July 8, and continues until the position is filled.

EO/AA Employer.


Applications are only accepted at the website listed above.



XHOSA/ZULU

Stanford U

Lang Ctr, Bldg 30, Main Quad Stanford CA 94305

http://language.stanford.edu

Lecturer in Xhosa/Zulu 18962

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21644

The Language Center at Stanford University invites applications for a full-time three-year position of Lecturer 
in Xhosa/Zulu beginning on or before January 6, 2014. The position is renewable. Minimum qualifications are 
an MA in Linguistics, Applied Linguistics, and/or African Languages, Ph.D. preferable. Knowledge of Afrikaans 
desirable. Applicants should have experience teaching Xhosa/Zulu language as an instructor at the postsecondary 
level. Candidates should be able to teach Xhosa/Zulu language courses at all levels and should possess native or 
near-native fluency in Xhosa/Zulu with an excellent command of English. 
Familiarity with standards-based instruction, 
CEFR, and/or ACTFL OPI principles, with a commitment to pursuing professional development is preferred. 
The successful candidate will be expected to assume a leadership position in the African languages program, 
participate in cultural events and instruction, and take an active role in the Center for African Studies. The salary 
is competitive. Cover letter, current vita, the names of three persons who can serve as recommenders, and a brief 
description of teaching philosophy, should be submitted online using the Interfolio link below. Review of application 
materials will begin immediately. The deadline for receipt of applications is June 28, 2013. Stanford University 
is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. 
Applications from minority and women candidates are especially 
encouraged. No phone inquiries please.

DEPARTMENT CHAIRS AND OTHER ADMINISTRATION

Arizona SU-West

School of Humanities, Arts & Cultural Studies, 4701 West Thunderbird Rd Glendale AZ 85306

DIRECTOR, SCHOOL OF HUMANITIES, ARTS AND CULTURAL STUDIES 18837

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21363

New College of Interdisciplinary Arts & Sciences

Arizona State University

The School of Humanities, Arts and Cultural Studies in the New College of Interdisciplinary Arts & Sciences, at 
Arizona State University (ASU) invites application for School Director with appointment as tenured full professor. 
Deadline: March 25, 2013; if not filled, every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. For qualifications 
and application information visit: NewCollege .ASU .edu/ jobs. Applicants should reference position #10340 in their 
application.

Arizona State University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. ASU’s non-discrimination statement may be found at: https:// www .asu .edu/ titleIX.

C of Staten Island, CUNY

English, 
Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island NY 10314

http://www.csi.cuny.edu

Dean of Humanities & Social Sciences 19062

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21860

The College of Staten Island of the City University of New York seeks applicants for the position of Dean of Humanities 
and Social Sciences. As head of one of the College's academic divisions, the Dean of Humanities and 
Social Sciences reports to the Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs/Provost and is a member of the Provost's 
Council. The Dean of Humanities and Social Sciences has responsibility for the academic standards of the division 



as a whole and specifically for the personnel, curriculum, and budgets of nine liberal arts departments (English, 
History, Media Culture, World Languages & Literatures, Performing & Creative Arts, Political Science & Global 
Affairs, Philosophy, Psychology, Sociology, and Anthropology & Social Work). Additional responsibilities include 
ten interdisciplinary programs (International Studies; Women's, Gender, & Sexuality Studies; American Studies; 
African-American Studies; Science and Letters & Society; Master of Arts in Liberal Studies; Certificate in Autism; 
Disability Studies; Certificate in Modern China; Latin American, Caribbean & Latina/o Studies).

The Dean of Humanities and Social Sciences has responsibility for supervision of faculty recruitment, appointment, 
reappointment, tenure and promotion; the implementation of College affirmative action policies; maintenance of 
the range, depth, and quality of divisional undergraduate and graduate programs, curricula, courses and their evaluation; 
coordination of grant activity and faculty development; divisional long-range planning and short-range implementation; 
and the allocation of budgets among departments. The Dean also works collaboratively with the Vice 
President for Institutional Advancement on fundraising projects in support of the College and divisional programs.

The Dean is responsible for maintaining standards for student learning and ensuring a culture of well-articulated 
student learning outcomes and assessment of those outcomes and works collaboratively with the Associate Provost 
for Institutional Effectiveness on assessment plans. The Dean of Humanities and Social Sciences works collaboratively 
with the Dean of Science and Technology, the Dean of the School of Education, and the Dean of the School 
of Business to foster support and recognition of faculty scholarship, to develop interdisciplinary centers designed to 
enhance faculty scholarship, to build sound graduate programs, and to develop opportunities for external funding.

This position is in CUNY's Executive Compensation Plan. Qualifications include an earned doctorate (or equivalent) 
in a discipline represented in the division, a demonstrated record of distinction in college teaching and scholarship 
at a level appropriate for tenure at the full professor level, and experience in higher education leadership at 
the level of department chair or above, and eight years' related experience.

The search committee will be particularly interested in candidates with a proven ability to oversee fiscal and physical 
resources, and who possess superior communication and organizational skills, as well as a personal and professional 
commitment to equal opportunity and affirmative action goals. Fundraising experience is not required but is 
welcome. Compensation is commensurate with experience.

To apply, please go to www .cuny .edu ; select "Employment", "Search Job Listings," "More Options to Search for 
CUNY Jobs," then enter the Job ID #8232 in the "Job Opening ID" field. Please submit a curriculum vitae, cover 
letter including a statement of administrative philosophy, one writing sample from your area of scholarly expertise, 
and the names, addresses, and phone numbers of at least five references. Job close date: September 10, 2013. ** Revised 
posting (previously listed as Job ID# 7620 & 8181—All previous applicants must re-apply **

We are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities, 
minorities, veterans, and women to apply. We take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence 
through diversity and inclusion. EO/AA. [R]

Johns Hopkins U

Africana Studies Ctr, 3400 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21218

http://krieger.jhu.edu/africana

Director for the Center for Africana Studies, tenured Associate or Full Professor 19069

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21800

Johns Hopkins Krieger School of Arts and Sciences seeks a Director for the Center for Africana Studies (CAS), an 
interdisciplinary program that advances the study of Africa, Afro-America, and the wider African Diaspora. An 
outstanding scholar and leader, the Director of CAS will maintain and develop scholarly and curricular initiatives 
and will oversee collaborative programming between departments in the Zanvyl Krieger School of Arts and Sciences, 
as well as between Arts and Sciences and other divisions across the university.

For any questions regarding this position, please contact africana .studies@ jhu .edu.

Qualifications



A successful candidate will hold a tenured appointment at the rank of associate or full professor in the home department 
of his/her own discipline and evenly allocate teaching and service between Africana Studies and that department. 
The appointment will be contingent upon a successful tenure review. All disciplines in social sciences and 
humanities, including music of the African Diaspora, are welcome.

Application Instructions

Please apply online to the Search Committee Chair, Interfolio Job ID: 21800, including: a letter of application, a 
current CV, a statement of current research projects, and a copy of one representative publication online. Review 
of applications will begin September 25, 2013.

JHU is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to 
apply.

MLA

Office of the Executive Director, 26 Broadway 3rd floor New York NY 10004

http://www.mla.org

Director of Programs and Association of Departments of Foreign Languages 18904

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21460

The Modern Language Association is seeking a director of Programs and of the Association of Departments of Foreign 
Languages (ADFL).

The director initiates, develops, and coordinates new and continuing programs; edits the ADFL Bulletin; organizes 
annual ADFL Summer Seminars; serves as staff liaison to the ADFL Executive Committee and other MLA 
committees; works on the MLA’s Job Information Service; organizes programs for the MLA Annual Convention; 
initiates reports on trends in the field; works closely with other language studies organizations and with college and 
university language departments; and represents the MLA at various professional meetings. The director reports 
directly to the executive director of the association and works with other MLA directors on matters affecting the 
general administration of the association.

The ideal candidate will have earned a doctorate in an appropriate field, taught in a college or university, and 
chaired a department or worked in another significant administrative capacity at a higher education institution or 
association and will have an interest in issues affecting the study and teaching of languages and literatures, the ability 
to develop grant proposals and projects, and an imaginative approach to current professional problems and opportunities. 
Although this is a regular staff position, the MLA welcomes applications from candidates who can take 
a multiyear leave of absence from their academic appointments.

This position includes some travel and a good deal of administrative work. Salary is commensurate with experience. 
Please submit a letter of application, vitae, and the names of three references to Rosemary G. Feal, MLA, 
through Interfolio using the link above. The MLA is an equal opportunity employer. 
Review of applications will 
begin 1 May and continue until the position is filled. [R]

Montana SU, Bozeman

Mod Langs & Lit, PO Box 172980, 117 Gaines Hall Bozeman MT 59717

http://www.montana.edu/jobs/faculty/13–223

Department Head/Full Professor, Modern Languages and Literatures 18844

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21357

Montana State University in Bozeman invites applications for the position of Department Head of Modern Languages 
and Literatures. Appointment will be at the rank of Full Professor.

We require a Ph.D. in Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Japanese or Spanish Language or Literature; demonstrated 
administrative and leadership abilities; a record of success in teaching undergraduate students; and a visible 
and active research program. Preference will be given to candidates who have experience as a department head, 



who are committed to student, faculty and staff diversity, and who have experience in managing budgets and obtaining 
external funding.

The successful candidate will lead a friendly, research-active department of faculty who are engaged in communities 
both local and global, and will continue an active scholarly program. Bozeman is a highly livable city of 40,000 
residents in a spectacular mountain environment.

The full vacancy announcement can be viewed here: http:// www .montana .edu/ jobs/ faculty/ 13–223.

For more information on the department, please visit: http:// www .montana .edu/ wwwml/.

Stanford U

Stanford Digital Language Lab, Stanford U Libraries 241A Green Libr East 557 Escondido Mall Stanford CA 
94305

http://stanfordcareers.stanford.edu/

Digital Language Lab Service Manager 18953

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21640

The Stanford Digital Language Lab (DLL) is managed by Academic Computing Services (ACS), a division of 
Stanford University Libraries, in partnership with the Stanford Language Center. The DLL’s mission is to provide 
resources, facilities, and support for language instruction and learning to the entire Stanford community. State-
of-the-art teaching spaces, enterprise level software resources, and expert support personnel combine to make the 
Language Lab a dynamic, highly efficient teaching/learning facility. It is the multilingual computing and assessment 
hub at Stanford, offering reliable audio and video recording capability, foreign language digital media content, 
and software images to support computing in multiple foreign character sets.

The Language Lab Service Manager is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the Lab, including its educational, 
technical, and operational functions, as well as collaborating with ACS staff on the hardware, image, software, 
and documentation in the Lab. This is a 4P2 position, with a possibility for qualification to a 4P3 position.

Duties:

Instructional Support

• Work with the Language Center, ACS, and faculty to implement pedagogically sound iterations of technology 
into classroom.

• Prepare, coordinate resources for, and administer Language Center assessments, including placement tests in the 
fall and speaking (SOPI) and writing (WPA) tests in the spring.

• Relay information to instructional staff regarding new tools and techniques appropriate to the lab environment.

• Conduct regular workshops on lab usage and lab pedagogy for instructors.

4P3 level:

• Create video documentation of best instructional practices by instructors in the Language Center, especially in 
the Language Lab.

• Create public-facing video overviews of Language Center policies, programs, and practices.

• Investigate and evaluate new developments in computer and AV-assisted teaching by maintaining.

• Initiate collaborations and lead projects to improve teaching and learning technologies.

Learning Space Operations

• Develop, test, and locally manage software images for lab/classroom environments. Specify requirements and 
conduct user acceptance testing.

• Ensure that Lab/classroom equipment and other instructional resources are maintained in working order and ensure 
their physical security.



• Manage space, hardware, and software upgrades.

• Promote services available in the lab on the Language Lab website. At the 4P3 level, this will include video capture, 
editing and production to promote and explain services in the Language Lab and Language Center.

• Create Language Lab spaces, hardware, and software documentation for support staff and users. At the 4P3 level, 
this will include capture, editing and production of videos tours and demonstrations of Lab spaces, hardware, and 
software.

• Create reports of language lab operations, usage, and outcomes for both internal and external audiences.

• Coordinate course scheduling and open lab times.

• Provide lab introductions for classes and conduct training for new instructors

• Provide training on lab equipment, software, and workflows to other ACS support staff.

Required Quali¿cations:

The ideal candidate will have a record of innovation and creativity in making technology accessible, understandable, 
and appealing to an academic audience, and demonstrated leadership and resourcefulness in identifying and 
integrating technological solutions to pedagogical needs.

• A baccalaureate (advanced degree desired) in a relevant field and 2+ years’ experience in academic computing. At 
the 4P3 level, the above and 5 years’ experience in academic computing with 3 years in a language lab or similar 
setting.

• Strong communication, interpersonal, time management, project management, prioritizing, judgment, and collaboration 
skills, successful experience working on teams, demonstrated ability to interact with members of the 
academic community, and ability to work with colleagues have diverse backgrounds.

• Demonstrated experience applying technology in support of teaching and learning foreign languages. Proven expertise 
with the applications, resources and techniques used in language teaching. At the 4P3 level, 3 years’ experience 
teaching a second or foreign language. Fluency in another language desired.

• Expert knowledge of Macintosh/Windows environments. Demonstrated experience providing computing resources 
in a networked environment and with audio production, classroom technologies, and delivery of online 
tools. At the 4P3 level, 2 years’ experience in both small/large scale projects requiring video capture, editing, and 
production.

To see the full job description, assure your application information is captured in our official files and give the hiring 
department immediate access to your resume, apply to http:// stanfordcareers .stanford .edu/ and in the keyword 
search box, indicate 52160. Please include your cover letter, resume or CV and 3 references. AA/EOE.

Texas A&M U, Galveston

Gen Academics, PO Box 1675 Galveston TX 77553

http://www.tamug.edu/hrd/Employees/Faculty%20and%20Research%20Postings.html

Professor and Department Head, General Academics 18937

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21508

Texas A&M University at Galveston invites external applications for a full professor to serve as Head of the Department 
of General Academics (GACD). The ideal candidate will possess an earned doctorate in one of the disciplines 
taught by the department, a distinguished record of teaching and scholarship, and experience in academic 
administration. In order to be considered, applicants must send a curriculum vitae, a cover letter addressing interest 
in and qualifications for the position, a list of three references, as well as a completed and signed official TAMUG 
application form, found on the TAMUG Faculty Employment Site at (http:// www .tamug .edu/ hrd/ Employees/ 
Faculty%20and%20Research%20Postings .html) to:

Human Resources, GACD Head Search Committee, Texas A&M University at Galveston, P.O. Box 1675, Galveston, 
TX 77553-1675. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check and verification 
of eligibility to work in the US. Texas A&M University at Galveston promotes and values diversity and 



inclusion in the work place. As an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employee TAMUG provides equal opportunity 
to all qualified individuals and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, age, marital status, 
gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, veteran status or disability 
in its hiring, admissions, educational programs and activities.

U of East Anglia

School of Lit, Drama & Creative Writing, Norwich NR4 7TJ United Kingdom

http://www.uea.ac.uk/hr/jobs/

Director, British Centre for Literary Translation 18958

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21642

BRITISH CENTRE FOR LITERARY TRANSLATION

DIRECTOR • Ref: ATR1133

Reader: £45,941 to £53,233 per annum

Professor: A competitive salary package is available for an outstanding candidate

The British Centre for Literary Translation is seeking to appoint a Director at Reader or Professor level. The Centre, 
which is part of the School of Literature, Drama and Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia, supports 
the art and profession of literary translation nationally and internationally and has a growing role in teaching 
and researching translation. The new Director will combine a strong profile in the field of translation and/or international 
literature with the vision and organisational abilities required to lead the Centre into the next stage of its 
development.

The post is available on a full-time indefinite basis from 1 September 2013.

Closing date: 12 noon on 31 May 2013.

Further particulars and an application form are available on our website: www .uea .ac .uk/ hr/ jobs/ or Tel. 01603 
593493.

U of South Carolina

Thomas Cooper Library, Columbia SC 29208

http://library.sc.edu/spcoll/rarebook.html

Curator 18986

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21707

University of South Carolina Libraries

The University of South Carolina Libraries seeks applications and nominations for an innovative, collaborative, and 
service-oriented professional to serve as Curator in the Irvin Department of Rare Books and Special Collections. 
Reporting to the Director of the Irvin Department, the Curator will teach two courses in both the Fall and Spring 
semesters in the College of Arts and Sciences using materials from the Department’s collection of natural history, 
maps, and historical engravings. In addition, the Curator will work with faculty in the Arts and Sciences to promote 
the incorporation of the Irvin Department’s collections into the curriculum.

Required Qualifications:

A Ph.D. in art history, English, 
history or another academic discipline in the Arts and Sciences.

Experience using special collections materials in teaching.

A record of using special collections materials in research.

Sound knowledge of the issues relating to primary research materials by historians, humanities scholars, and social 
scientists for research, teaching, and publication.

A demonstrated commitment to working collaboratively with diverse groups of students, scholars, and artists.



SLED background check and credit check are required.

Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. This is a full-time, 12-month, unclassified, tenure-track, 
faculty status position with the rank of Librarian. Benefits include medical, dental, state retirement or optional retirement 
plan.

Applicants must complete an Academic Personal Information form online at https:// uscjobs .sc .edu................. (search by Requisition 
006200). Applicants must submit a single electronic file (pdf or Word) as an e-mail attachment to artjobs@ 
mailbox .sc .edu. This file must include a letter of application, a CV that includes a list of courses taught and names 
and contact information of three professional references, including at least one who can comment on teaching, a 
teaching statement, and up to ten images from the applicant’s portfolio, if applicable.

The search committee will begin reviewing applications on June 12, 2013 and will continue until the position is 
filled.

Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. USC is an EOE. [R]

U of Tennessee, Chattanooga

Mod & Classical Langs & Lits, Dept 2152 208 Brock Hall Chattanooga TN 37403

http://www.utc.edu/Academic/ModernAndClassicalLanguagesAndLiteratures/

Department Head, Modern and Classical Languages 18942

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21541

The Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga 
seeks academic leaders for the position of Department Head. This is a tenurable 12-month position with appointment 
to begin January 1, 2014. The Department Head will teach a minimum of three courses annually. Salary 
range: $80,000–90,000

Applicants must be at the associate or full professor level; hold a Ph.D. in French, Spanish, or Classics; have administrative 
experience or evidence of administrative skills; have a record of excellence in teaching and evidence of 
scholarly productivity. Successful candidates must be able to develop and sustain collaborative relationships within 
the department, across the university and with external programs.

Application materials should include: letter addressing the above qualifications; curriculum vitae; three letters of 
reference addressing the applicant’s teaching, research and administrative experience. All materials must be submitted 
electronically to facultyvitae25@ utc .edu. Review of applications will begin May 10, 2013 and continue until 
the position is filled. Please reference the title of the position when sending materials.

Information about the department is available at: http:// www .utc .edu/ Academic/ ModernAndClassicalLanguagesA
ndLiteratures/

The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga was founded in 1886 as a private university and became a primary 
campus of the University of Tennessee in 1969. It is a metropolitan university of 12,000 students offering baccalaureate 
degrees in 44 fields, masters in 22, doctorates in four. UTC’s 100-acre campus is located in downtown 
Chattanooga, the center of a scenic metropolitan area of over 450,000. Chattanooga has been featured in US News 
and World Report as one of America’s most livable cities, gaining international attention for its downtown and riverfront 
development, public and private partnerships, and excellent quality of life.

The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action/Title VI & 
IX/Section 504/ADA/ADEA institution.



COMPARATIVE LITERATURE

American U in Cairo

Human Resources, American University in Cairo New York NY 10018

http://www.Click2Apply.net/265vy44

English 
and Comparative Literature 18853

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21385

Company Description:

 Founded in 1919, AUC moved to a new 270-acre state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo in 2008. The University 
also operates in its historic downtown facilities, offering cultural events, graduate classes, and continuing education. 
Student housing is available in both downtown Zamalek and New Cairo. Among the premier universities in 
the region, AUC is Middle States accredited; its Engineering programs are accredited by ABET, its Chemistry program 
is accredited by the Canadian Society for Chemistry, and the Management program is accredited by AACSB. 
The AUC Libraries contain the largest English-
language research collection in the region and are an active and 
integral part of the University’s pursuit of excellence in all academic and scholarly programs. AUC is an English-
medium institution; eighty-five percent of the students are Egyptian and the rest include students from nearly 
ninety countries, principally from the Middle East, Africa and North America. Faculty salary and rank are based 
on qualifications and professional experience. All faculty receive generous benefits, from AUC tuition to access to 
research funding; expatriate faculty also receive relocation benefits including annual home leave, and tuition assistance 
for school age children.

Job Description:

 The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature seeks an Assistant Professor of Contemporary Literature 
for a full time, tenure-track appointment beginning in Fall 2013. Possible fields of interest include but are not 
limited to: postcolonial theory, transnational and comparative literature, creative writing, and translation studies. 
Knowledge of Arabic and/or Turkish is an asset. The successful candidate is expected to teach undergraduate and 
graduate courses, actively engage in research, supervise master's theses in contemporary literature, and oversee the 
Writing Minor.

Requirements:

 Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English 
or Comparative Literature by the time of appointment, preferably with a 
record of an active research agenda and teaching experience.

Additional Information:

 Review of applications will begin April 7, 2013 and continue until the position is filled.

Application Instructions:

 All applicants must submit the following documents online: 

 a) a current C.V; 

b) a letter of interest; 

c) a statement of teaching philosophy; 

d) a completed Personal Information Form;

e) Please ask at least three referees familiar with your professional background to send reference letters directly to 
hussref@ aucegypt .edu .

 Note: Please remember your account login enables you to respond to AUC additional questions (if required). 
Please click here to login.

Apply Here



Hampshire C

Humanities, Arts, & Cultural Studies, 893 West St Amherst MA 01002

http://www.hampshire.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of World Cinema 18839

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21367

Hampshire College, an independent, innovative liberal arts institution and member of the Five College Consortium, 
is accepting applications for a three-year Visiting Assistant Professor of World Cinema in the School of Humanities, 
Arts and Cultural Studies, beginning July 1, 2013.

We seek a colleague in Film Studies (Ph.D. by time of appointment), with a focus on world cinema. Desirable 
subfields may include cultural studies, visual culture, diaspora studies, and comparative literature. The successful 
candidate will teach two classes each semester and engage in an intensive advising program that requires working 
with a range of students in an interdisciplinary curriculum. Applicants must demonstrate an aptitude for innovative 
undergraduate teaching, supervising senior theses, and mentoring students.

Hampshire is committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual community and strongly encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates.

Please submit cover letter, CV, sample course syllabi, the names and email addresses of three academic references, 
and a short writing sample via our website http:// jobs .hampshire .edu No hard copies will be accepted. Review of 
applications will begin March 25, 2013.

www .hampshire .edu

Hampshire College is an equal opportunity institution, committed to diversity in education and employment

Harvard U

Comp Lit, Dana Palmer House 16 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138

http://academicpositions.harvard.edu/postings/4750

Lecturer on Literature 18910

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21483

Harvard University. The Department of Comparative Literature seeks to appoint a Lecturer on Literature. The 
appointment is expected to begin on June 1, 2013. The lecturer will teach undergraduate courses in comparative 
literature and will advise student essays and perform other departmental services.

PhD in comparative literature is required by expected start date.

Minimum requirements: a strong doctoral record in comparative literature or equivalent training, with the PhD 
in hand by June 1, 2013; substantial teaching experience in Comparative Literature; demonstrated ability to design 
and execute a sophomore seminar and/or individual reading courses in literature and literary theory.

Please include a cover letter, c.v., dissertation abstract, one article-length writing sample, and the names and contact 
information of three references through the ARIeS portal (http:// academicpositions .harvard .edu) no later than 
April 25, 2013. Harvard is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
Applications from women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged.

LINGUISTICS AND ESL

The Juilliard School

Human Resources, 60 Lincoln Center Plaza New York NY 10023

http://www.juilliard.edu

Assistant Professor of ESL and Liberal Arts 18903

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21454



Responsibilities:

• Teach ESL, including writing, speaking, reading and pronunciation

• Teach in the Liberal Arts core curriculum

• Full-time, 3/3 course load

• Participate in curricular revision

• Collaborate with the Writing Center

Qualifications:

• Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric, Applied Linguistics, Literary Studies or Foreign Languages with an emphasis on 
ESL/ESOL Studies

• A minimum of three years of college teaching

• Commitment to students in the performing arts

• Experience with students in culturally diverse situations

• Current knowledge of academic assessment practices

• Familiarity with Mandarin or Korean preferred

The Juilliard School has an ongoing commitment to the principles and practices of diversity and inclusiveness 
throughout the community and strongly encourages applications from candidates who would enhance the diversity 
of the School’s administration.

The Juilliard School is committed to providing a safe and productive learning and working environment. Therefore, 
employment with Juilliard will be contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background check.

Please submit cover letter, CV and writing sample to jobs@ juilliard .edu. [R]

Ohio U

Linguistics, 383 Gordy Hall Athens OH 45701

http://linguistics.ohio.edu/ELIP

Visiting Lecturer of Linguistics and English 
19072

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21876

The Ohio University College of Arts & Sciences through the Linguistics and English 
Departments wishes to hire 
a Visiting Lecturer who can serve as a vital member of our program team in teaching writing courses for domestic 
and international undergraduate students.

We are seeking an educator who is able to teach writing to high-proficiency English 
language learners as well as 
native English 
speaking students, in addition to collaborating with faculty on using technology in courses to maximize 
student engagement.

We are a dynamic program offering opportunities for professional growth and development. This is a full-time 
(9-month) 3-year position with optional summer teaching and a possibility for longer employment upon review. 
We seek a candidate with a commitment to working effectively with students, faculty, and staff from diverse 
backgrounds.

For more information go to https:// www .ohiouniversityjobs .com/ postings/ 6858..................................., for position description and online 
application. Posting number is 2013302FA. For details on our program go to http:// linguistics .ohio .edu/ ELIP.

Applications accepted until position filled; for full consideration apply by July 19, 2013.

Questions?

Contact Dr. Dawn Bikowski, bikowski@ ohio .edu



Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
– TESL/Applied Linguistics 19065

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21862

Tenure-track position in TESL. 2–2 teaching load beginning August 2014. PhD in TESL, Applied Linguistics, 
or related area. Ability to teach a broad range of undergraduate and graduate courses in support of specializations 
in Teaching English 
as a Second Language and Linguistics. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and evidence of 
related research agenda required. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with an MA option in Teaching 
English 
as a Second Language and MA and PhD specializations in Linguistics. For further information on 
the department see our webpage at http:// english .okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications should be 
received by November 1, 2013. We will continue, however, to accept and consider applications until the position 
has been filled. Submit letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation 
and transcript through Interfolio using the link above. This position is contingent upon availability of funding. 
Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a 
tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor – TESL/Applied Linguistics 18917

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21475

One-year appointment beginning August 2013. PhD in TESL, Applied Linguistics, or related area. 3–3 teaching 
load. Ability to teach a broad range of undergraduate and graduate courses in support of specializations in Teaching 
English 
as a Second Language and Linguistics. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and evidence of related 
research agenda required. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with an MA option in Teaching English 
as a Second Language and MA and PhD specializations in Linguistics. For further information on the department 
see our webpage at http:// english .okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by 
May 1, 2013. We will continue, however, to accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Submit 
letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript 
through Interfolio using the link above. This position is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State 
University is an AA/EEO/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Temple U

English, 
Anderson Hall, 10th Fl 1114 W Polett Walk Philadelphia PA 19122

http://www.temple.edu/english

Assistant Professor 18972

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21686

Assistant Professor in Writing & ESL, Teaching & Instructional Track

One year (renewable) non-tenure track position in First-Year Writing Program and English 
Department.

The department hopes to make a full-time appointment of a non-tenure track Assistant Professor (teaching/instruction) 
to teach first-year writing, especially courses focused on students whose first language is not English. 
Master’s degree required and Ph.D. preferred. The successful candidate will have graduate training and experience 
in Teaching English 
to Speakers of Other Languages. Salary $44,500 with Ph.D.; health benefits provided. Please 
submit c.v., transcript for highest degree, and three letters of reference, which speak to teaching ability by May 31, 
2013. Address applications to Prof. Joyce A. Joyce, Chair, Department of English 
(022–29), Temple University, 
1114 Polett Walk, Philadelphia, PA 19122-6090. Temple University is an equal opportunity, equal access, affirma



tive action employer, 
committed to achieving a diverse community. Qualified women and minority candidates are 
encouraged to apply.

U of Kentucky

English, 
1215 Patterson Office Tower 500 S Limestone St Lexington KY 40506

http://esl.as.uky.edu/

Director, Intensive English 
Program, Center for English 
as a Second Language, University of Kentucky 18846

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21380

The Center for English 
as a Second Language (CESL) at the University of Kentucky invites applications for Director 
of the Intensive English 
Program (IEP). Successful candidates will have leadership experience in university-
based intensive English 
programs; experience with CEA accreditation or review processes preferred. Candidates 
will hold a PhD in TESOL, Applied Linguistics, Second Language Studies, Linguistics, Language Education, or a 
related field; and will have established expertise in curriculum development, language assessment, teacher education 
and professional development, second language acquisition, or other relevant fields.

The director will likely be appointed as Lecturer or Senior Lecturer on an 11-month contract; lecturers are non-
tenure-earning faculty members on two-or three-year, indefinitely renewable contracts. Other appointments are 
possible. The successful candidate will work with our current director as “IEP director-in-waiting” until January 
2014 and will assume the director position in January 2014. The preferred start date is 1 July 2013. The University 
of Kentucky offers competitive salary and benefits.

The Center for English 
as a Second Language is an independent program in the College of Arts and Sciences. The 
Intensive English 
Program is the largest and most important of the CESL’s programs; the CESL also includes an 
academic bridge program, special programs, and ITA training. The director of the IEP will report to the CESL 
director, and will work closely with him to review and develop all aspects of the intensive program; it is expected 
that the IEP director will provide expertise in this exercise.

The mission of the Center for English 
as a Second Language is to provide high quality English 
language instruction 
for non-native English 
speakers in an academic setting. At the Center for ESL, we assist students in achieving their 
language proficiency goals for academic, professional, and social purposes. Using a variety of instructional methods, 
the Center for ESL establishes a strong foundation in writing, reading, grammar, listening, and speaking. In addition 
to multi-level language instruction, the Center for ESL provides cultural enrichment opportunities to promote 
diversity and community involvement.

The University of Kentucky Center for English 
as a Second Language is located in beautiful Lexington, Kentucky, 
perennially rated one of American’s most literate cities. Please visit our website, http:// esl .as .uky .edu/, and please 
send inquiries to Professor Thomas Clayton, Director of the Center for English as a Second Language (tmclay@ uky .edu).

Please e-mail letter of application, CV, and sample documents that illustrate areas of expertise to Laura Carter 
(laura .carter19@ uky .edu...........................................................................................). Please use the subject line “Application for IEP Director Position” in your e-mail. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Short-listed candidates 
will be asked to solicit letters of recommendation.

The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity University that values diversity and is 
located in an increasingly diverse geographical region. It is committed to becoming one of the top public institutions 
in the country. Women, persons with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. [R]



MULTIPLE COMPETENCIES

Amherst C

Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought, 208 Clark House Amherst MA 01002

https://jobs.amherst.edu/view/opportunity/id/538

Amherst College visiting Assistant Professor in Law, Jurisprudence & Social thought 18897

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21452

Amherst College's Department of Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought invites applications for a one-year visiting 
appointment for the 2013–14 academic year with the possibility of renewal for a second year. Teaching responsibilities 
include two courses per semester and supervision of senior honors projects. We welcome applications 
from persons trained in the social sciences, the humanities, and/or law. We are particularly interested in candidates 
whose research and teaching is in one or more of the following areas: jurisprudence and modern legal theory; the 
social organization of law; constitutionalism and democratic practice; law and literature; law, popular culture and 
the arts; and law and science. The position requires a Ph.D.

Applicants should submit electronically to https:// jobs .amherst .edu/ view/ opportunity/ id/ 538.................... a cover letter addressed 
to Professor Lawrence Douglas, curriculum vitae, sample of their scholarship, and the names and email addresses 
of three individuals to whom we may write to solicit recommendations. Review of applications will begin 
May 15, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled.

Amherst College is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men and women, with 1,800 students and more 
than 200 faculty members. Located in the Connecticut River Valley of western Massachusetts, Amherst participates 
with Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University of Massachusetts in the Five-College 
Consortium.

Amherst College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages women, persons of color, and persons with 
disabilities to apply. The College is committed to enriching its educational experience and its culture through the 
diversity of its faculty, administration, and staff.

Oregon SU

School for Language, Culture, & Society, 234 Waldo Hall Corvallis OR 97331

http://oregonstate.edu/jobs

Advisor/Instructor in Foreign Languages and Literatures 18999

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21741

Foreign Languages & Literatures Program in the School of Language, Culture, and Society at Oregon State University 
invites applicants for a full-time, 12-month Advisor/Instructor position. Required qualifications include 
Masters or PhD in a language (other than English), 
linguistics, the teaching of languages, or a related field. Applicants 
must be bilingual (language open) to qualify. For a complete list of job details and to apply, go to http:// 
oregonstate .edu/ jobs. Apply to posting # 0010761. Closing Date: 06/14/13. OSU is an AA/EOE, and has a policy 
of being responsive to dual-career needs. [R]

Queen's U

English 
Lang & Lit, 99 University Av Kingston ON K7L 3N6 Canada

http://www.queensu.ca/english

Queen's National Scholar-Indigenous Literatures and Languages 18991

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21711

Indigenous Literatures and Languages

The Department of English 
Language and Literature, the Department of Drama, and the Department of Languages, 
Literatures and Cultures at Queen’s University jointly invite applications from outstanding scholars in the 
area of Indigenous Literatures and Languages for a faculty appointment at the rank of Assistant or Associate Profes



sor under the Queen’s National Scholar Program. The successful candidate will be expected to have Indigenous 
literature(s) or language(s) as his or her primary field; a secondary strength in other forms of creative or artistic 
practice would be an asset. In keeping with the strong ties between identity, culture, and land that are assumed in 
this field, the successful applicant will be expected to engage with local Indigenous nations and Indigenous students 
on campus. A detailed advertisement for this position is posted at: http:// www .queensu .ca/ english/ news/ positions 
.html. Review of applications will begin on August 1, 2013. [R]

SU of New York, C at Potsdam

Secondary Education, 44 Pierrepont Ave Potsdam NY 13676

http://www.potsdam.edu

Assistant Professor Foreign Language Education 18850

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21388

The Secondary Education Department at SUNY Potsdam invites applications for a full time, tenure track Assistant 
Professor of Foreign Language Education, for fall 2013. Successful candidate will teach foreign language education 
courses (Spanish and French) that are inquiry-/field-based, as well as courses in the Spanish program. Work with 
colleagues in other adolescence education programs, and serve as Coordinator of the Adolescence (Middle/Secondary) 
Foreign Language Education program. Supervision of education students in regional schools is included. Required 
Qualifications: An earned doctorate in Spanish or Spanish Education (ABD considered) from an accredited 
institution; fluency in Spanish and English; 
secondary teaching certificate in Spanish, with successful secondary 
school teaching experience in Spanish. Commitment to excellence in teaching is essential. Preferred Qualifications: 
Familiarity and experience with NCATE and ACTFL standards and practices; fluency in French or another 
language; experience with ESL/ESOL, including ESL/ESOL certification programs; teaching experience with diverse 
secondary school populations (ethnic, socio-economic, and rural/suburban/urban) or teaching in field-based 
teacher education programs; interest in active learning, and interdisciplinary experiences such as learning communities; 
specialization in trans-Atlantic studies. Applications reviewed as received. To apply, visit https:// employment .potsdam .edu, job posting No. 0600433. Position open until filled. [R]

U of Auckland

English, 
Private Bag 92019 Auckland New Zealand

http://www.auckland.ac.nz/opportunities

Lecturer in Drama 18997

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21737

The Department of English 
is seeking an appointment who will make a distinctive contribution in research, teaching 
and administration to our Drama Programmes. Drama at the University of Auckland can be taken as an undergraduate 
major or minor in the BA, and as a specialisation at BA(Honours) and Masters levels; the PhD in English 
also accommodates critical and creative projects in Drama.

The successful applicant will undertake practical and academic undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, develop 
major curriculum components of courses, and supervise the research activities of graduate students, including performances 
and other creative projects, as well as critical and academic writing. Specialities in New Zealand and 
Pacific Drama and/or in playwriting may be an advantage.

Starting date: 1 January 2014, or as soon as possible thereafter.

Enquiries of should be directed to Associate Professor Murray Edmond, ph (64) 9 923 7333, or email m .edmond@ auckland .ac .nz

Applications close 5 July 2013.



U of Connecticut

Lits, Cultures & Langs, 337 Mansfield Rd Unit 1057 Storrs CT 06269

http://www.languages.uconn.edu/

Instructor or Visiting Assistant Professor 18998

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21740

Open Field in German Studies, French Studies, Spanish Studies, or Comparative Literary Studies. Experience 
teaching World Literature, Comparative Literature or Film Studies. Teaching load: 7 courses annually.

Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by May 30, 2013 in Comparative Literary Studies, French Studies, German 
Studies or Spanish Studies; experience teaching in a college or university. Interest in teaching World Literature. 
Proven excellence in teaching. Preferred Qualifications: Interest in teaching Film Studies. Teaching 
experience in Comparative Literature or Foreign Literatures in English.


This is a full-time, nine-month position. Renewable for three years. This position is at the main campus in Storrs 
but incumbents may work at the campuses located at Avery Point, Hartford, Stamford, Torrington, Waterbury, 
and/or any other University location.

To Apply: Please apply using Husky Hire to submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, evidence of successful 
teaching, and an article-length writing sample by June 11, 2013 Three letters of recommendation should be sent to 
Dr. Rosa Helena Chinchilla, Head, Department of Literatures, Cultures and Languages, University of Connecticut, 
365 Fairfield Way, Unit 1057, Storrs, CT 06269-1057. If you have questions or need further information you 
may contact Dr. Rosa Helena Chinchilla via email at rosa .chinchilla@ uconn .edu. The University of Connecticut 
is an EEO/AA employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. Members of 
populations traditionally under-represented in US institutions of higher education are especially encouraged to 
apply. [R]

U of Hong Kong

The University of Hong Kong, Registry, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Hong Kong

http://jobs.hku.hk

Assistant Professor 18902

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21459

Founded in 1911, The University of Hong Kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence 
in teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. The 
University has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and 
about 100 sub-divisions of studies and learning. There are over 23,400 undergraduate and postgraduate students 
coming from 50 countries, and more than 1,800 members of academic and academic-related staff, many of whom 
are internationally renowned.

School of Modern Languages and Cultures (SMLC)

(A) Assistant Professor in Hong Kong Studies (Ref.: 201300189) (B) Assistant Professor in Japanese-Korean Studies 
(Ref.: 201300190) (from September 1, 2013 or as soon as possible thereafter, on a three-year fixed-term basis, with 
the possibility of renewal. An appointee with demonstrated performance will be considered for tenure towards the 
end of the second three-year contract)

For post (A), applicants should have a Ph.D. degree or equivalent that focuses on any aspect of Hong Kong society, 
history, politics or culture by the date of appointment. The appointee will join the new, interdisciplinary Hong 
Kong Studies program and should have a demonstrated capacity to develop and teach courses that explore Hong 
Kong's global impact and engagement. A willingness and capacity to teach courses that connect to at least one of 
the following would be favorably considered: (i) the School's European Studies and American Studies programmes; 
and/or (ii) the School's programme in Global Creative Industries. Capacity to work in Cantonese and Mandarin 
is fundamental to the position. The Hong Kong Studies program commences in September 2013 and will be the 
flagship location for research on Hong Kong internationally. Commencing with an undergraduate Major in Hong 
Kong Studies, the program will also offer research postgraduate programs at M .Phil. and Ph.D. levels. As the key 



site for Hong Kong Studies, the program will coordinate teaching on Hong Kong Studies across the University 
and serve as a major generator of research on Hong Kong. Academics in the program will be active in promoting 
knowledge of Hong Kong internationally, nationally and locally through broad community engagement. Applicants 
who have responded to the last advertisement (Ref.: 201100973) are welcome to re-apply.

For post (B), applicants should have a Ph.D. degree or equivalent. The successful candidate should have teaching 
and research interests in transnational connections between Japan and Korea, and explore such areas as film studies, 
popular culture, or other visual and performing arts across cultures or disciplines. Responsibilities will include 
teaching at both undergraduate and graduate levels, mentoring students, and contributing to building the curriculum. 
The candidate must exhibit promise of leadership and vision, possess an excellent research agenda, and have an 
energetic and engaging personality for propelling the School to the next level of excellence.

For both posts, the successful candidates are expected to develop vigorous, independent research agenda, to excel 
in undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, and to participate in the administration of the School. Professorial 
staff in this school teach at least three courses annually. The SMLC, the University and the Hong Kong Research 
Grants Council provide substantial competitive funding for research projects of all kinds. Information about the 
School can be obtained at http:// www .hku .hk/ smlc/. Enquiries about the posts should be sent to Professor Louise 
Edwards, SMLC (e-mail: ledwards@ hku .hk).

A globally competitive remuneration package commensurate with the appointee's qualifications and experience 
will be offered. At current rates, salaries tax does not exceed 15% of gross income. The appointment will attract a 
contract-end gratuity and University contribution to a retirement benefits scheme, totalling up to 15% of basic salary, 
as well as leave and medical benefits. Housing benefits will be provided as applicable.

Applicants should send a completed application form, a letter of application, C.V., a writing sample of scholarly 
work, an abstract of a current research project, evidence of teaching ability (e.g. sample syllabi, student teaching 
evaluations), and three reference letters (one of which must explicitly address the candidate's teaching ability) to 
smlcsena@ hku .hk. Application forms (341/1111) can be obtained at http:// www .hku .hk/ apptunit/ form-ext .doc. 
Further particulars can be obtained at http:// jobs .hku .hk/. Please state clearly in the form the post and level applied 
for. Closes May 20, 2013.

The University thanks applicants for their interests, but advises that only shortlisted applicants will be notified of 
the application result.

The University is an equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to a No-Smoking Policy

U of Hong Kong

The University of Hong Kong, Registry, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Hong Kong

http://jobs.hku.hk

Assistant Professor in Popular Music and Cultural Studies in the School of Humanities 18842

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21364

Founded in 1911, The University of Hong Kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence 
in teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. The 
University has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and 
about 100 sub-divisions of studies and learning. There are over 23,400 undergraduate and postgraduate students 
coming from 50 countries, and more than 1,800 members of academic and academic-related staff, many of whom 
are internationally renowned.

Assistant Professor in Popular Music and Cultural Studies in the School of Humanities (Ref.: 201300152)

Applications are invited for a joint appointment in the departments of Comparative Literature and Music in the 
School of Humanities for an Assistant Professorship in Popular Music and Cultural Studies, from September 1, 
2013 or as soon as possible thereafter, on a three-year fixed-term basis, with the possibility of renewal. Appointees 
with demonstrated performance will be considered for tenure towards the end of the second three-year contract.

Applicants should have a Ph.D. degree by the date of appointment. Applicants should demonstrate a strong commitment 
and innovative approach to both teaching and research. The ideal candidate should embrace contemporary 



musical practices across the full spectrum of popular music, integrate modes of historical and ethnographic inquiry, 
and be committed to interdisciplinary work across music and cultural studies. Expertise in areas such as technology 
and the new media, the culture industry, and performance studies is desirable. Knowledge of popular musical 
studies in an Asian cultural context will be an advantage. The successful applicant will be expected to contribute to 
a range of cultural studies courses on popular music presented in theoretical, postcolonial, global, and comparative 
frames. Information about the School can be obtained at http:// www .soh .hku .hk/.

A globally competitive remuneration package commensurate with the appointee's qualifications and experience 
will be offered, as well as leave and medical benefits. At current rates, salaries tax does not exceed 15% of gross 
income. Appointments will attract a contract-end gratuity and University contribution to a retirement benefits 
scheme, totalling up to 15% of basic salary. Housing benefits will be provided as applicable.

Applicants should send a completed application form together with an up-to-date C.V. to AP152@ hku .hk.......... Application 
forms (341/1111) can be obtained at http:// www .hku .hk/ apptunit/ form-ext .doc. Further particulars can be 
obtained at http:// jobs .hku .hk/. Shortlisted candidates may be invited to attend an interview. Closes April 15, 2013.

The University thanks applicants for their interests, but advises that only shortlisted applicants will be notified of 
the application result.

The University is an equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to a No-Smoking Policy

Vanderbilt U

Women's & Gender Studies, VU Station B#350086, 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville TN 37235

http://as.vanderbilt.edu/wgs/

Mellon Assistant Professor of Women's and Gender Studies, Vanderbilt University 18921

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21488

The Program in Women’s and Gender Studies at Vanderbilt University invites applications for the position of Mellon 
Assistant Professor of gender and sexuality. (non-tenure-track, 1-year appointment) beginning in the 2013 fall 
semester. The successful candidate will have a strong research agenda in gender, sexuality, and/or queer theory. 
PhD required; teaching experience preferred. In addition, in accordance with Mellon Foundation guidelines, applicants 
must have received the Ph.D. no more than four years from the start of the position. Teaching load 2/2. For 
more information on our program please visit the department website: http:// as .vanderbilt .edu/ wgs/

Applications, including cover letter, CV, writing sample, teaching philosophy (and evidence of effectiveness), and 
three letters of reference should be submitted to: Mellon Assistant Professor Search Committee Chair, Program in 
Women’s and Gender Studies, Vanderbilt University, VU Station B, #350086, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Nashville, 
TN 37235-0086 or by e-mail barbara .kaeser@ vanderbilt .edu. Application deadline: May 1 Vanderbilt University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to 
apply.

Yale U

Program in Theater Studies, PO Box 208296 New Haven CT 06520

Tenure-track or Tenured Position 19041

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21856

The Theater Studies Program at Yale University intends to make a tenure-track or tenured appointment jointly 
with one of the following departments: African American Studies, American Studies, English 
Language and Literature, 
or History of Art beginning July 1, 2014.

Special consideration will be given to candidates with research and teaching interests in performance studies, dramatic 
literature, theater history and/or theory; sub-fields of interest include (but are not limited to) media studies, 
African-American theater, or postcolonial dramatic literature and theory.

Yale University is an Affirmative-Action/Equal Opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity among its students, 
faculty, and staff and strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. A doctoral 



level degree in a related field is required at the time of appointment. Review of applications will begin on August 1, 
2013.

Please upload your application package including cover letter, curriculum vitae, the names of three referees, and a 
writing sample through the following link: https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/ 2682

POSTDOCTORAL LISTINGS

Bowdoin C

English, 
8300 College Stn Brunswick ME 04011

http://www.bowdoin.edu/digital-computational-studies/

Post-Doctoral Fellow, Digital & Computational Studies, Bowdoin College, Fall 2013, Humanities Emphas 18883

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21436

Bowdoin College, in support of its Digital and Computational Studies Initiative, invites applications for a Post-
Doctoral Fellow position in the humanities starting Fall 2013. The appointment will be for two years with the possibility 
of renewal for one additional year. The ideal candidate could come from any humanities discipline but must 
have a commitment to using digital and/or computational methodologies in their scholarship or artistic creation, 
and instruction. Responsibilities will include (1) assisting in the creation of new courses that introduce students to 
multi-disciplinary approaches to digital and computational studies, (2) offering courses in his or her own discipline 
or area of specialization, and (3) helping to craft and launch the new program in digital and computational studies. 
The first digital and computational studies course to be offered in Fall 2013—with the Post-Doctoral Fellow’s assistance—
will be Gateway to the Digital Humanities, to be team taught by Pamela Fletcher in Art History and Eric 
Chown in Computer Science.

The rising importance of digital and computational methods is transforming higher education and, in particular, 
the traditional view of the liberal arts. The liberal arts, broadly speaking, also have the power—perhaps the responsibility—
to participate in and shape the development, use, and interpretative capabilities of these tools. Bowdoin’s 
Digital and Computational Studies Initiative invites faculty from across the College to work together to integrate 
new technologies and forms of creative expression and knowledge production into our curriculum and our scholarship. 
The new Post-Doctoral Fellow will be both a resource and a catalyst for these efforts. More information on 
the Digital and Computational Studies Initiative will be found at our website:

http:// www .bowdoin .edu/ digital-computational-studies/

Bowdoin values a strong commitment to research and a promise of successful scholarly engagement as well as a 
dedication to teaching excellence in a liberal arts environment. The teaching load will consist of one course each 
semester in addition to assisting with the introductory digital and computational studies course. Ph.D. preferred, 
but the quality of the applicant is more important than the extent of his or her credentials.

Bowdoin College accepts only electronic submissions. Applications should consist of a completed application profile, 
cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of research and/or professional activity plans, statement on teaching 
philosophy, and the names of three references who have agreed to provide letters of recommendation. Please visit 
https:// careers .bowdoin .edu to apply. Review of applications will begin Monday, April 8, 2013, and will continue 
until the position is filled.

Founded in 1794 on the Maine coast, Bowdoin is one of the oldest and most selective coeducational, residential 
liberal arts colleges in the country. Bowdoin’s reputation rests on the excellence of its faculty and students, its intimate 
size, strong sense of community, commitment to diversity (30% students of color, 4% international students 
and approximately 15% first generation college students), and treasured links with the people, history, and natural 
beauty of Maine. Bowdoin College is committed to equality and is an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage 
inquiries from candidates who will enrich and contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. Bowdoin 
College does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, gender identity 
and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, national origin, or disability status in employment or in our 
education programs.



Bowdoin College offers strong support for faculty research and teaching. For further information about the College 
and Midcoast Maine please see our website at http:// www .bowdoin .edu/. [R]

U of Chicago

Rom Langs & Lit, 1115 E 58th St, Wb 205 Chicago IL 60637

http://tinyurl.com/cmua7w6

Lecturer-Center for Latin American Studies 18906

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21487

Position Title: Lecturer-Center for Latin American Studies

Posting Number: 01684

The University of Chicago Center for Latin American Studies invites applications for a post-doctoral position as a 
Lecturer in Latin American Studies to begin in Fall 2013. The Latin American Studies Program includes an interdisciplinary 
M.A. Program in Latin American Studies serving students with research interests in social sciences and 
humanities, and a B.A. major in Latin American Studies that has a social sciences emphasis. Recent PhDs (within 
the past six years) in the humanities, social sciences or area studies who deal with Latin American issues are encouraged 
to apply. Relevant disciplines include sociology, political science, anthropology, history, literature, and media 
studies. The successful candidate will teach an M.A. Proseminar (meets over two quarters), advise M.A. students, 
and will develop one graduate/undergraduate course and two undergraduate-only courses in their own specialty. 
This is a twelve-month appointment. The appointment is for one year, with the possibility of renewal for a second 
year dependent upon performance review.

The Lecturer in Latin American Studies is responsible for:

In collaboration with Latin American Studies faculty, teaching the M.A. Proseminar, a graduate-level academic 
seminar designed to give in-coming Latin American Studies MA students a critical understanding of the major theoretical 
approaches, principal research methods, and current trends in Latin American Studies and to help students 
develop the proposal for their master's thesis.

Teaching one undergraduate/graduate course in the incumbent's field of expertise.

Teaching two undergraduate-only courses in the incumbent's field of expertise.

General academic and career advising of M.A. students in Latin American Studies.

Directing individual B.A. Papers and M.A. theses, as needed.

All requirements toward the PhD degree must be completed by August 31, 2013. Teaching experience is required. 
The ideal candidate will be able to give theoretical and methodological advice to master's level students with a 
broad range of social science and humanities interests.

To apply for this position please go to the University of Chicago Academic Career Opportunities web site https:// 
academiccareers .uchicago .edu.................................................................................... and select requisition #01684. Applicants are required to upload the following materials—
cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching statement, dissertation abstract, reference contact information, and 
up to three writing samples/publications. Under separate cover, please have three letters of recommendation sent to 
the Center for Latin American Studies, 5848 South University Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637.

To receive full consideration, applications must be received by May 10, 2013.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

http://unr.edu/cla/ch

Post Doctoral Fellow, Core Humanities 18960

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21643



The University of Nevada, Reno, Core Humanities Program is seeking candidates for a full-time Postdoctoral Fellowship. 
Duties include: teaching in Core Humanities and preparing for academic career in teaching and research. 
For complete position description and requirements, please visit: https:// www .unrsearch .com/ postings/ 12608 or 
contact: Search Chair Dr. Greta De Jong or Search Coordinator Jodie Helman at (775) 784-4447. EEO/AA women 
and under-represented groups are encouraged to apply.

U of Texas, Austin

Department of English, 
Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712

CLIR Postdoctoral Fellowship for Digital Curation in Medieval Studies 18847

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21394

The University of Texas at Austin (UT) invites applications for a two-year CLIR Postdoctoral Fellowship for 
Digital Curation in Medieval Studies. UT is a home site for the innovative MAPPAMUNDI project and various 
projects in the digital humanities. The UT English 
Department, Libraries, and the Texas Advanced Computing 
Center together offer a unique opportunity for the selected fellow to build skills as a global medievalist and digital 
humanist. The Fellow will acquire training in a global Middle Ages, and help to build MAPPAMUNDI—a digital 
entity that will constitute a planet-wide gateway to all the digital resources available on a global Middle Ages, and 
offering customizable interactions with data. The fellow will also collaborate with UT Libraries staff to research 
and propose the next steps for digital humanities at the Libraries, and serve as a liaison between the Libraries, the 
English 
Department, and other UT academic unit partners in digital collaboration. The fellow may teach one 
course a year on an appropriate subject. The successful candidate will hold the doctorate in a relevant field of medieval 
studies and exhibit some familiarity and expertise in digital humanities. Familiarity with multimodal applications, 
talents in aesthetic design, and experience in digital graphic design, are highly desirable skill sets, though not 
absolutely required. Annual salary is $60,000, with benefits. One or two samples of work, preferably with at least 
one digital sample requested (links acceptable). A full position description and application information are available 
at: http:// www .clir .org/ fellowships/ postdoc/ applicants/ dc-medieval. An Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action 
Employer


US-Israel Educational Foundation

Fulbright Post-Doctoral Fellowships, Ben Yehuda 1, Migdalor Bldg, Floor 10 P.O. Box 26160 Tel Aviv 61261 
Israel

http://fulbright.org.il/en/?page_id=1024;

Fulbright Israel Post-Doctoral Fellowships for American Researchers in All Academic Disciplines 18885

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21432

The United States-Israel Educational Foundation (USIEF), the Fulbright commission for Israel, offers 8 fellowships 
to American post-doctoral researchers in support of work to be carried out at Israeli universities during the course 
of the 2014/2015–2015/2016 academic years.

The US Post-Doctoral Fellowship Program is open to candidates in all academic disciplines.

Program grants total $40,000, $20,000 per academic year.

Program fellows must be accepted as post-doctoral researchers by Israeli host institutions, which agree to provide 
them with a standard post-doctoral grant, which they will receive in addition to their Fulbright Fellowship. Thus, 
the total financial support received by Program Fellows is likely to be in the range of at least $35,000-$40,000 per 
year.

Applications for 2014/2015–2015/2016 Fulbright Post-Doctoral Fellowships must be submitted to the Council for 
International Exchange of Scholars by August 1, 2013.

Further details on the program and on application procedures may be found at:

http:// fulbright .org .il/ en/?page_ id=1024;

http:// catalog .cies .org/ viewAward .aspx?n=4397&dc=IS;



http:// www .cies .org/ us_ scholars/ us_ awards/ Application .htm.

Potential candidates should contact Ms. Judy Stavsky, Deputy Director, USIEF (jstavsky@ fulbright .org .il; +972–3-
517-2392) for advice and assistance.



