English 
Listings

Adelphi U

English, 
South Av Garden City NY 11530

Visiting Assistant or Associate Professor of Early Modern Literature 7128

http:// academics .adelphi .edu/ artsci/ eng/

Adelphi University is seeking applicants for a Visiting Assistant or Associate 
Professor in early modern literature. Successful candidate will teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses including surveys, seminars, composition. 
18-credit (3/3) teaching load. PhD by August 2009 required. Demonstrated 
interest in Milton and a secondary specialization in the Long 
Eighteenth Century preferred. Position is for the 2009–10 academic year. 
Please submit letter, c.v., and dossier online at http:// www .adelphi .edu/ 
positions/ faculty. Application deadline is April 24, 2009 or until position 
is filled. Adelphi is an AA/EEO Employer.


To learn more about the English 
department, please go to http:// academics 
.adelphi .edu/ artsci/ eng/

Alma C

English, 
614 W Superior Alma MI 48801

Visiting Instructor 7749

http:// www .alma .edu

The English 
Department at Alma College seeks a full-time, one-year 
visiting instructor in composition and world literature(s) beginning August 
2009. Advanced degree status (PhD or ABD) in composition or English 
is strongly preferred. Our new colleague will teach 3 courses each in 
fall and winter and 1 course during the 4 week May term. To apply, please 
send letter of application, vita, and contact information for three references 
to Dr. Robert Vivian, Co-Chair, Alma College, 614 W. Superior 
Street, Alma, Michigan, 48801. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled. A Phi Beta Kappa institution, 
Alma is a selective, baccalaureate liberal arts college committed to 
academic excellence and an equal opportunity employer 
committed to recruiting 
and retaining a diverse faculty, staff and studeny body. For more 
information about the College, visit www .alma .edu.

Auburn U, Montgomery

English 
& Philos, PO Box 244023 Montgomery AL 36124

Assistant Professor of English 
7132

http:// www .aum .edu

Assistant professor position, tenure track, doctorate by starting date in August 
2009. Teach in writing across the curriculum program as well as English 
composition, literature surveys, and either early American literature 
or classical and Biblical literature. Competitive salary and opportunities 
for professional leave and research. Teaching load of 4/3 with possibility 
of research release. Well-ranked university with a diverse student population 
in a growing urban area. Mail cover letter with teaching philosophy, 
c.v., photocopies of transcripts, and copies of at least three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Alan Gribben, Head, Department of English 
and 
Philosophy, Auburn University at Montgomery, P.O. Box 244023, Montgomery, 
AL 36124-4023. Applications received by June 5th will receive 
priority. Interviews by telephone. AA/EEO employer. 
Every effort will 
be made to interview qualified applicants. Candidates must already be authorized 
to work in the U.S. [R]

Augusta SU

English 
& Foreign Languages, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904

Assistant Professor of English/ 
Director of Freshman English 
7428

http:// efldept .aug .edu/

The Department of English 
and Foreign Languages seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor of writing beginning August 2009. Ph.D. in composition 
and rhetoric required. The successful candidate will have an excellent 
record of teaching and evidence of potential for successful research. The 
candidate will provide leadership for the freshman writing program, as 
part of a 3/3 teaching load. Teaching responsibilities will include freshman 
composition, advanced writing, as well as pedagogy courses for writing 
teachers in middle and secondary schools. Desirable secondary fields 
include assessment and writing, ESL writing, linguistics, and theories of 
reading. ASU is committed to excellence through diversity in our student 
body and faculty, and thus strongly encourages women and minorities to 
apply. Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of reference to: Dr. Lillie Johnson, Chair, Department of English 
and 
Foreign Languages, Box 19, 2500 Walton Way, Augusta State University, 
Augusta, GA 30904-2200. Materials must be postmarked by June 8, 2009. 
EO/AA employer 
of the University System of Georgia. [R]

Ball SU

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306

Contract Faculty Position/ English/ 
Composition 8108

http:// www .bsu .edu/ hrs/ jobpostings

Contract faculty position with possibility of renewal available August 21, 
2009, for the academic year. Major responsibility: twelve-hour load each 
semester teaching first-year University Core Curriculum composition 
courses in computer-mediated classrooms. Minimum qualifications: M.A. 
or M.F.A. in English 
or related field by date of appointment; record of effective 
teaching at the college or university level; computer competency. 
Preferred qualifications: Ph.D. or ABD in English 
or related field; record 
of effective teaching in a computer-mediated environment; record of effective 
teaching of writing in disciplines or interdisciplinary writing; web 
design, development, and maintenance skills.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact 
information for three references to: Composition Contract Search, Department 
of English, 
Ball State University, Muncie, IN 47306. Review of 
applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. (www .bsu .edu)

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and 
is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. [R]

Summer Supplement 2009

MLA Job Information List

The Job Information Service received the following listings in English and foreign languages after the April List went to press. 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy.

J

I

L

M

A

L

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1

Coleridge—Documents—JIL (SUM 09) File: JIL_SummSupp09_P5T2.indd Job #: 130-20 7/27/09–JF

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




Berry C

English, 
Rhetoric & Writing, PO Box 350 Mt Berry GA 30149

Visiting Assistant Professor/ Instructor of Composition and Rhetoric 7588

http:// www .berry .edu

The Department of English, 
Rhetoric, and Writing at Berry College invites 
applications for a one-year visiting assistant professor/ instructor in 
composition and rhetoric beginning Fall 2009, renewable for one additional 
year. Teaching responsibilities include four sections per semester of 
English 
Composition 101 and 102. Ph.D. preferred, M.A. required.

Send application letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Dr. Lara Whelan, Chair, Department of English, 
Rhetoric, and 
Writing, Berry College, P.O. Box 490350, Mt. Berry, GA, 30149-0350. 
E-mail inquiries: lwhelan@ berry .edu. Review of applications will begin 
immediately and continue until the position is filled. For more information 
on our first-year writing program, please visit our website at: www 
.berry .edu/ academics/ humanities/ english/.


Berry College is an independent, coeducational, comprehensive liberal 
arts college of approximately 1,900 students. Located on a 26,000-acre 
campus in a setting of great natural beauty near Rome, Georgia, Berry 
provides an integrated education that unites a challenging academic program 
with opportunities for spiritual and moral growth, work experience, 
and significant service to others. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. Berry College is an equal opportunity employer. 
For 
ADA Accommodations please contact our ADA Coordinator VTTY 
706-233-4062. [R]

C of Saint Rose

English, 
432 Western Av Albany NY 12203

One-Year Visiting Assistant Professor or Instructor in Early Literature of the 
Americas 6589

http:// www .strose .edu

The College of Saint Rose in Albany, NY, seeks a qualified candidate 
for a temporary, one year, full-time faculty position in the English 
Department 
for the 2009–2010 academic year. Candidates with an earned 
doctorate preferred; M.A.required, as well as college teaching experience. 
Responsibilities include expertise in Early Literature of the Americas, 
coupled with the ability to teach a range of introductory level courses 
in literature. Candidates should also have a demonstrated ability to work 
with and instruct a culturally diverse group of people.

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
April 17, 2009. Please direct any questions to Dr. Catherine Cavanaugh, 
English 
Department Chair at The College of Saint Rose. In order to be 
considered for this position, you must submit the following credentials 
online at http:// www .strose .edu/ Visitors/ job_ openings .asp. Please select 
the One Year Temporary Fulltime Faculty-English, 
and click

-Letter of Application

-Copy of transcript

-Three letters of recommendation

The College of Saint Rose is a dynamic, comprehensive college of more 
than 5,000 students. Located in the heart of New York State’s Capital 
District, we are an independent, coeducational institution. Additional information 
about the College may be found at http:// www .strose .edu.

The College of Saint Rose actively and energetically seeks to recruit a more 
diverse faculty, staff, and administration by encouraging applications from 
African-American, Latino, Asian-American, Native-American and women 
candidates, as well as the entire spectrum of diverse communities. [R]

Charleston Southern U

English, 
PO Box 118087 Charleston SC 29423

Assistant Professor 7188

http:// www .csuniv .edu

Charleston Southern University invites applications for an Assistant Professor 
of English. 
Applicants should be either a specialist in Rhetoric and 
Composition or a specialist in post-Victorian British or commonwealth 
literature. A Ph.D. is required. Charleston Southern seeks candidates for 
faculty positions who are professing Christians and who are committed 
to excellence in teaching and service. They should support the goals of 
a strong liberal arts education and be willing to explore with students 
the integration of faith and learning. Teaching assignments may include 
freshman composition and sophomore literature courses with some upper-
level courses; additionally, faculty are called upon to observe student 
teaching, participate in academic advising, and fulfill other obligations. 
Applicants should forward a letter of interest addressing qualifications and 
compatibility with the University’s mission, current vitae, and the names 
and contact information of at least three references to applications@ csuniv 
.edu or Human Resources Office, Charleston Southern University, P.O. 
Box 118087, Charleston, SC 29423-8087, (843) 863-8070. Direct questions 
regarding the position to Dr. Scott Yarbrough, Chair, Department 
of English 
(syarbrou@ csuniv .edu).

Charleston Southern University (www .csuniv .edu) is an independent 
comprehensive university with over 3,200 students and offers over 30 
undergraduate majors and graduate degrees in Education, Business and 
Criminal Justice. The University is affiliated with the South Carolina 
Baptist Convention and employs faculty who are professing Christians. 
Review of credentials will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled.

Charleston Southern University does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, national or ethnic origin, disability or sex. [R]

City U of Hong Kong

Department of English, 
Kowloon Tong Kowloon 852 HK

Chair Professor/ Professor/ Associate Professor/ Assistant Professor 7368

Worldwide Search for Talent

City University of Hong Kong aspires to become a leading global university, 
excelling in research and professional education. The University 
is committed to nurturing and developing students’ talent and creating 
applicable knowledge in order to support social and economic advancement. 
Within the next five years, the University will employ another 200 
scholars in various disciplines including science, engineering, business, social 
sciences, humanities, law, creative media, energy, environment, and 
biomedical & veterinary sciences.

Applications and nominations are invited for positions at the following 
ranks:

Chair Professor/ Professor/ Associate Professor/ Assistant Professor

Department of English 
[Ref. C/954/99]

Duties : To conduct research as well as to teach and supervise students 
at undergraduate and postgraduate levels, including BA, MA, MPhil and 
PhD programmes.

Requirements : The English 
Department of City University Hong Kong 
is now seeking to recruit faculty members with expertise in a number 
of fields of English 
studies. The Department would particularly welcome 
applications from scholars working in such areas as: English 
literature and 
language teaching; world literature in English; 
English 
linguistics; English 
for academic purposes; English 
for business and/or scientific communication; 
and English 
language testing and assessment. However, outstanding 
researchers in other fields of English 
studies are also welcome to apply. 
For appointments at Assistant Professor level, candidates should have a 
completed PhD and be able to demonstrate a record of some publications 
in the field as well as an excellent future research potential. For senior 
appointments at Associate Professor and above, the Department would 
particularly welcome candidates with an established research record and 
professional links to leading journals in the field. For appointment at 
Chair Professor level, it is expected that candidates will have an established 
international reputation in their field.

Salary and Conditions of Service

Remuneration package will be very attractive, driven by market competitiveness 
and individual performance. Excellent fringe benefits include gratuity, 
leave, medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where 
applicable). Initial appointment will be made on a fixed-term contract.

Information and Application

Further information on the posts and the University is available at http:// 
www .cityu .edu.hk, or from the Human Resources Office, City University 
of Hong Kong, Tat Chee Avenue, Kowloon, Hong Kong [Fax : (852) 2788 

2 SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2009

Coleridge—Documents—JIL (SUM 09) File: JIL_SummSupp09_P5T2.indd Job #: 130-20 7/27/09–JF

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




1154 or (852) 2788 9334/email: hrojob@ cityu .edu.hk ]. For further information, 
please contact Professor Kingsley Bolton, Head of Department of 
English 
[email: Kingsley .Bolton@ cityu .edu.hk or Tel: (852) 2788 9130].

Please send the application or nomination with a current curriculum vitae 
to Human Resources Office, City University of Hong Kong, Tat Chee 
Avenue, Kowloon, Hong Kong, or e-mail to hrojob@ cityu .edu.hk before 
15 June 2009. The University reserves the right to consider late applications 
and nominations, and not to fill the positions. Personal data provided 
by applicants will be used for recruitment and other employment-related 
purposes.

City University of Hong Kong was ranked among the world’s top 150 
universities according to The Times Higher Education Supplement 2008 
survey.

http:// www .cityu .edu.hk

Clayton SU

English, 
2000 Clayton State Blvd Morrow GA 30260

Chair of the Department of English 
6829

http:// a-s .clayton .edu/ langlit/

The Department of Language & Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences 
at Clayton State University will become the Department of English 
in Fall 2009. The new department is seeking applicants for the position of 
Department Chair at the Associate or Full Professor level. This will be a 
12-month, tenure-track position. The successful candidate will meet the 
following criteria:

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE POSITION:

-Earned doctorate in English; 
specialization open; with an understanding 
of a program model that includes Literature, Rhetoric/ Composition, 
Professional/ Technical Writing, Creative Writing, Learning Support, and 
English 
Education.

-Successful undergraduate and graduate college teaching experiences.

-A record of teaching, service and scholarship justifying appointment as 
an associate or full professor.

-Successful administrative and program-building experience.

-A collaborative and open management style.

-Demonstrated commitment to diversity.

-Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills.

DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE POSITION:

-Experience in integrating instructional technologies in teaching, including 
implementing courses using the Internet.

-Experience in curriculum development and program expansion.

-Experience with student recruitment and retention.

-Experience with faculty recruitment, development and evaluation.

-Experience in managing budgets, scheduling classes, and working with 
part-time faculty.

-Experience in collaboration between English 
and teacher education.

-Success in the generation of external funding.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

-Lead faculty in the department’s programs.

-Manage the department’s budget.

-Teach one course each term.

-Serve as advisor to English 
majors.

-Serve on various on-and off-campus committees.

-Engage in scholarly activities leading to grants, presentations and/or publications.


-Participate in service to the Department, College, and University.

This is a tenure-track appointment that reports to the Dean of the College 
of Arts and Sciences. The position will be available July 1, 2009. Salary 
will be commensurate with experience and competitive with comparable 
departments. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control 
Act of 1986, proof of authorization to work in the U.S. will be required at 
the time of hire.

Clayton State University is nationally recognized as a leader in the use of 
information technology to transform teaching, learning, and other aspects 
of the collegiate experience. For information about the current Department 
of Language and Literature, visit: http:// a-s .clayton .edu/ langlit/.

Application Procedures:

Applications received by April 18th are assured full consideration. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled. Qualified applicants 
should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, unofficial transcripts, 
and the contact information for three current references. Apply by 
email to (JillSears@ clayton .edu) or by mail:

Ms. Jill Sears, Administrative Assistant to the Dean, College of Arts and 
Sciences, Clayton State University, 2000 Clayton State Blvd., Morrow, 
Georgia 30260 [R]

Coastal Carolina U

Edwards College of Humanities and Fine Arts, PO Box 261954 
Conway SC 29528

Assistant Professor of English 
(Early Modern British Literature) 7669

http:// www .coastal .edu

Assistant Professor of English 
(Early Modern British Literature)

The Department of English 
at Coastal Carolina University invites applications 
for appointments at the rank of Assistant Professor (tenure-track) 
effective August 16, 2009. The department seeks candidates with research 
agendas and teaching expertise in Early Modern British literature (1500–
1830). Candidates with a record of excellent teaching in first-year composition 
and literature courses preferred. Desirable secondary strengths 
include: critical theory, transatlantic studies, children’s literature, and/or 
new media.

Teaching assignments may include evening/ weekend courses, courses 
taught at off-campus and distance learning courses. The successful candidates 
will hold a Ph.D. in English 
and preference will be given to candidates 
with an emerging record of research and publication, evidence of 
ongoing scholarly activity, and participation at conferences. Other responsibilities 
will include academic and university service

Coastal Carolina University is a public mid-sized, comprehensive liberal 
arts-oriented institution located in Conway, South Carolina, just nine 
miles from the Atlantic coastal resort of Myrtle Beach, one of the fastest-
growing metropolitan areas in the nation. It has an enrollment of 8,400 
students and is expected to have continued growth for the next several 
years. Coastal Carolina University is a part of the South Carolina system 
of public education and has close ties with its founder, the Horry County 
Higher Education Commission.

Candidates should submit a letter of application (outlining interest in the 
position, qualifications, and approach to teaching), a current resume, and 
transcripts of all graduate work (unofficial copies acceptable at this time) 
electronically at: http:// jobs .coastal .edu. Review of applications will begin 
immediately and continue until the position is filled. It is possible that the 
appointment can be on a visiting basis for one year.

Coastal Carolina University is building a culturally diverse faculty and 
strongly encourages applications from women and minority candidates 
and is an EO/AA employer.


Columbia U

English 
& Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York 
NY 10027

Lecturer in Discipline/ Writing Center Director and Associate Director, 
Undergraduate Writing Program 6868

http:// academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51450

One-year, full-time position as Director of the Writing Center and Associate 
Director of the Undergraduate Writing Program beginning July 1, 
2009, with a possibility of renewal for a second year. Appointment will be 
in the Department of English 
and Comparative Literature at the faculty 
rank of Lecturer in Discipline. Ph.D. in English, 
Rhetoric/ Composition, 
or a related field, and writing center experience required. The Writing 
Center is housed in the Undergraduate Writing Program (UWP), which 
is housed in the Department of English 
and Comparative Literature at 
Columbia University.

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 3

Coleridge—Documents—JIL (SUM 09) File: JIL_SummSupp09_P5T2.indd Job #: 130-20 7/27/09–JF

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




The Director of the Writing Center recruits, trains, and supervises 25–30 
graduate student tutors per year; coordinates Writing Center scheduling; 
publicizes the work of the Writing Center; leads workshops for undergraduate 
students on diverse topics related to academic and professional 
writing; teaches one section of first-year composition per semester; and, as 
Associate Director of the Undergraduate Writing Program, supports the 
Director of the UWP in all aspects of the UWP’s administration, including 
overseeing the program’s 80 graduate student instructors and facilitating 
the graduate pedagogy seminar.

Applications must be filed online at academicjobs .columbia .edu/ 
applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=51450 by April 30, 2009; in addition, dossier 
or letters of reference must be sent to Chair, UWP Search Committee, 
Department of English 
and Comparative Literature, 602 Philosophy 
Hall, Columbia University, MC 4927, 1150 Amsterdam Avenue, New 
York, NY 10027. Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R]

Columbus SU

English, 
4225 University Av Columbus GA 31907

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 6670

http:// www .colstate .edu

The Department of English 
invites applicants for a tenure-track professor 
in English 
to direct its Writing Center. This is a twelve-month position 
with an expectation of managing the Writing Center during the summer 
months. The teaching load is 2/2/1. Candidates should be qualified to 
teach writing center theory, composition theory, and core composition 
courses. Other teaching opportunities are available according to the interests 
of the candidate. The director will supervise the Writing Center 
(including developing policies and procedures, hiring and training student 
tutors, promoting WC services); coordinate WC activities with the First-
Year Composition Program, the English 
Department, and a campus-wide 
initiative to improve writing; and participate in service and scholarship 
appropriate to an assistant or associate professor of English.


This position carries full-time USG benefits, including options for health, 
dental, life, disability, and retirement. Pay is commensurate with experience.

Columbus State University offers a student-centered environment about 
100 miles southwest of Atlanta and has enjoyed steady growth in recent 
years, enrolling about 8,000 undergraduate and graduate students in the 
fall of 2008. The university offers more than 50 undergraduate and 35 
graduate degrees. CSU offers nationally-accredited programs in art, nursing, 
music, theatre, business, and teacher education. The university also 
offers a variety of online courses and an extensive continuing education 
program.

The position requires a Ph.D. in English, 
with composition training, and 
significant writing center experience. A successful criminal background 
check will be required as a condition of employment.

For full consideration, submit a letter of application, current curriculum 
vitae, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Barbara 
Hunt, Department of English, 
Columbus State University, 4225 University 
Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907-5645. Applications received by 
March 31, 2009 will receive full consideration, and the review of applications 
will continue until the position is filled. Applications for part-time 
and full-time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic 
work, and official transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if 
selected for interview. Ability to meet Southern Association of Colleges 
and Schools (SACS) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate 
hours in the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Committed to Diversity 
in Hiring.

Dr. Barbara Hunt, Chair, Department of English, 
Columbus State University, 
4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907-5645, Phone: 
(706) 565-4056 or 568-2054, Fax: (706) 568-2334, E-mail: hunt_ 
barbara@ 
colstate .edu.

Fitchburg SC

English, 
160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420

Assistant Professor/ American Literature 7028

http:// jobs .fsc .edu

Teach a wide range of courses in American Literature from the exploration 
period to the present. Design and teach undergraduate surveys, freshman 
writing course, upper division courses and Master’s level courses. 
Provide student assistance including academic advising. Participate in and 
contribute to the improvement and development of the academic programs. 
Serve on department and campus committees. Participate in public 
service. Participate in scheduled orientations and registration programs. 
Attend college functions and faculty and department meetings. Must have 
PhD in English 
(or completion of all Ph.D. program requirements). Demonstrated 
teaching ability in English 
Literature. [R]

Fordham U

English, 
441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458

Thomas F. X. Mullarkey Chair in Literature 6928

http:// www .fordham .edu/ english


The Department of English 
at Fordham University invites applications for 
the Thomas F. X. Mullarkey Chair in Literature. This is an open-field 
search. The department is looking for a candidate suitable for appointment 
at the full professor level whose publications have helped define a 
field while exerting an influence beyond it. Candidates should be dedicated 
to teaching at both undergraduate and graduate levels and willing 
to commit to full participation in the department and the university. Send 
letter of application and c.v. (by mail and email) to Glenn Hendler, Mullarkey 
Search Committee chair, English 
Department, Fordham University, 
441 E. Fordham Rd., Bronx, NY 10458, and tfxmsearch@ fordham 
.edu. Review of applications will begin by May 15, 2009; we hope to 
interview finalists in the fall, with a view toward filling the position in 
2010. Fordham is an independent, Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition 
that welcomes applications from women and men of all backgrounds. 
Fordham is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
[R]

Gustavus Adolphus C

English, 
800 W College Av St Peter MN 56082

Visiting Assistant Professor 6669

http:// www .gustavus .edu

The English 
Department at Gustavus Adolphus College invites applications 
for a one-year visiting assistant professor in Renaissance literature to 
begin September 1, 2009. Teaching includes introductory and advanced 
literature courses for the major, including Shakespeare, Renaissance Studies, 
British literature surveys, and general education; the teaching load 
is seven courses per year. Ph.D. preferred; ABD considered. In order to 
enhance our students’ educational experiences, we encourage applicants 
who have an interest in developing and implementing curricula that address 
multicultural issues.

Please send letter of application, CV, transcripts, and 3 letters of reference 
to: Dr. Laura Behling, Chair, English 
Department, Gustavus Adolphus 
College, St. Peter, MN 56082. All applications will be acknowledged. 
Review of applications begins April 9 and will continue until the position 
is filled.

Gustavus Adolphus College is a coeducational, private, Lutheran (ELCA), 
residential, national liberal arts college of 2,500 students. It is the practice 
of the College to provide equal educational and employment opportunities 
for all. We specifically encourage applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R]

James Madison U

English, 
Harrisonburg VA 22801

Assistant Director of the Furious Flower Poetry Center-0402894 7751

http:// joblink .jmu .edu

The Assistant Director of the Furious Flower Poetry Center at James 
Madison University executes the vision and initiatives of the Furious 



Flower Poetry Center; writes grants to support the mission of the Center 
and manages grants received; produces educational support materials, research, 
and publications that further the goals and programs of the Furious 
Flower Poetry Center; assists the Executive Director in the coordination 
of conferences, workshops, and seminars; manages the Center’s budget; 
and teaches courses in literature and/or creative writing as a part of the 
English 
Department. Applicants for this full-time position are required to 
have a Ph.D. degree in English 
with a concentration in African American 
literature or a M.F.A. in Creative Writing with an emphasis on poetry. 
Some grant writing experience is preferable. The salary shall be commensurate 
with experience. The deadline for applications is June 19, 2009. The 
position will be filled by August 14, 2009. To apply please go to https:// 
joblink .jmu .edu and reference posting number 0402894. AA/EOE.

Lone Star C, Montgomery

English, 
3200 College Park Dr Conroe TX 77384

Faculty, English 
# 40674 7928

http:// www .LoneStar .edu

Position Summary:

Lone Star College (LSC)-Montgomery, an innovative and dynamic community 
college located in the pine-forested northern suburbs of Houston, 
has openings for full-time faculty. The college is looking for a diverse 
group of colleagues who want to continue to make a difference in the lives 
of students, prefer teaching with the latest technologies, want to continue 
growing professionally and who want to have a voice in shaping curriculum. 
LSC Montgomery focuses on fulfilling individual dreams and enhancing 
community life. Check the college website at http://montgomery 
.lonestar .edu

Required Qualifications/ Education Campus Specific:

Master’s degree or higher in English, 
or in closely-related field with a 
minimum of 18 graduate hours in English.


Application Process:

For the complete job descriptions, submission requirements, and access 
to our on-line application, please visit our Web site at www .lonestar .edu 
click on Employment, Job Seekers, Search & Apply Now, and then Search 
Postings. All positions are subject to a criminal background check. AA/
EEO. APPLY ON-LINE ONLY.

Please do not fax, mail, or e-mail any documents.

Lone Star College System is a great place to work!

Full Time employees enjoy medical, dental coverage, life insurance short 
and long term disability, TRS/ ERS, Vacation up to 19 paid holidays, sick 
leave, tuition reimbursement and more.

There is a 90 day waiting period on medical coverage only.

Details at: http:// www .lonestar .edu/60465/

Louisiana Tech U

English, 
PO Box 3162 Ruston LA 71272

Assistant Professor of Technical Writing 8030

http:// www .latech .edu

The Department of English, 
Louisiana Tech University, is seeking a tenure-
track Assistant Professor of Technical Writing. PhD in English 
or 
Technical Writing required. Evidence of potential for publication, as well 
as experience in electronic learning or web-course design, desired. The 
Department offers a minor and concentration in technical writing at the 
undergraduate level, a graduate e-certificate, and an MA in English 
with 
the option of selecting Technical Writing as one of four areas of specialization. 
Salary is competitive. Applications will be reviewed beginning 
July 15, 2009 and will continue until position is filled. Send a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, and three current references with telephone 
numbers to Dr. Donald P. Kaczvinsky, Department of English, 
Louisiana 
Tech University, Ruston, LA 71272. You may also apply by sending 
material as an email attachment to dkaczv@ latech .edu. Louisiana Tech 
University, a member of the University of Louisiana System, is an EEO/
AA employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.

Macomb Comm C

Communications, 44575 Garfield Rd, Bldg N114 Clinton Township MI 
48038

Instructor of English-
Search Extended, # 000293 7949

Teach composition, develop/ modify curriculum, refine /modify course 
syllabi. Master’s degree in English 
required.

Starts Winter 2010 term.

Visit www .macomb .edu/ jobs for details and online application system. 
Apply by: 08–31–2009

AA/EEO EMPLOYER

Michigan Relay Center 1.800.649.3777 (Voice and TDD).

Miami U

Howe Center for Writing Excellence, Oxford OH 45056

Director of Howe Center for Student Writing/ Associate or Full Professor of 
English 
8088

http:// www .muohio .edu/ writingcenter

Miami University invites applications for the first Director of the Howe 
Center for Student Writing/ Associate or Full Professor of English. 
The 
director will help us re-imagine the scope and nature of university support 
for student’s writing; provide vision and direction to Miami’s thriving 
student writing center; teach the course for new peer writing consultants 
(the only teaching responsibility); and develop programs that encourage, 
support, and highlight all student writing, including their extracurricular, 
self-sponsored, and community-based writing, both print and digital. 
This tenured appointment is for five-years, after which the Director may 
request reappointment or elect to devote his or her talents to the English 
department.

Required: Terminal degree; record of teaching, research, and service that 
merits appointment as a tenured associate or full professor in the English 
department at Miami; ability to interact with a wide range of constituencies 
and collaborators, including faculty, students, and staff. Desired: 
knowledge and experience with student writing center theory and practice, 
writing in the disciplines, writing program administration, assessment, 
grant writing, and fundraising.

Application: Send a letter, vita, names of four references, and a statement 
discussing your interest in the opportunities afforded by this position to 
Paul Anderson, Chair, Search Committee, Howe Center for Writing Excellence, 
Miami University, Oxford, OH 45056. Screening of applications 
begins October 1, 2009 and continues until the position is filled. Miami is 
an EOE/AA employer 
with smoke-free campuses. The campus crime and 
safety report can be found at www .muohio .edu/ righttoknow; hard copy 
upon request. Information about the Howe Center for Writing Excellence 
is available at www .muohio .edu/ Howe.

Millikin U

English, 
1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522

Visiting Assistant Professor 7708

http:// millikin .edu

English, 
One-year Visiting Assistant Professor, beginning August 2009. 
Teaching responsibilities (12 hours per semester) include first-year writing 
and upper-division literature and/or writing courses. Applicants should 
have a Ph.D. in Shakespeare studies or a closely related field. Required: 
Ph.D. by August 1 and clear record of teaching excellence. Send vita, letter 
that addresses experience and philosophy of teaching, three letters of 
reference, and graduate transcripts to Dr. Michael O’Conner, Chair of 
English, 
Department of English, 
Millikin University, Decatur, IL 62522. 
Application review begins immediately. Inquiries to czelhart@ millikin 
.edu. Millikin University is an equal opportunity employer. 
Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]



Millikin U

English, 
1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522

Assistant Professor of English 
6688

http:// millikin .edu/ english/


English, 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track, beginning August 2009, pending 
approval. Teaching responsibilities (12 hours per semester) include 
first-year writing and upper-division literature and/or writing courses. 
Generalist, however applicant should show expertise in one or more of 
the following areas: intermediate and advanced prose writing, writing 
theory and/or pedagogy, and/or multicultural literature. Required: Ph.D. 
by August 1 and clear record of teaching excellence. Send vita, letter that 
addresses experience and philosophy of teaching, three letters of reference, 
and graduate transcripts to Dr. Michael O’Conner, Chair of English, 
Department of English, 
Millikin University, Decatur, IL 62522. 
Application review begins April 1st. Inquires to czelhart@ millikin .edu. 
AA/EOE. [R]

Missouri U of Science & Tech

English 
& Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla 
MO 65409

Lecturer 8048

http://hr.mst .edu/

The Missouri University of Science and Technology seeks to fill a part-
time, non-benefit eligible position of Lecturer in English 
and Technical 
Communication beginning fall 2009. Minimum requirements are a Masters 
or Doctorate in English, 
Rhetoric, or Writing. University teaching 
experience and demonstrated teaching success are preferred. Must provide 
evidence of teaching success. Duties include teaching one or two courses 
per semester, including freshman composition and some literature, depending 
upon the candidate’s area of specialty and the department’s need. 
The position will begin August 17, 2009 and end December 31, 2009. 
Consideration of applications will begin on July 13, 2009, and continue 
until position is filled.

Missouri S&T is an AA/EOE and does not discriminate based on race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or 
status as Vietnam-era veteran.

Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify. For more information on E-Verify, 
please contact DHS at: 1-888-464-4218

Submit letter of application, vita and three letters of reference to: Human 
Resources Services, Reference Number: 00046933, Missouri University 
of Science & Technology, 300 W. 12th St., 113 Centennial Hall, Rolla, 
MO 65409-1050, hrsinfo@ mst .edu, http://hr.mst .edu/

Missouri U of Science & Tech

English 
& Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla 
MO 65409

Lecturer 7848

http:// www .english 
.mst .edu

The Missouri University of Science and Technology seeks to fill one 
full-time, non-tenure track position of Lecturer in English 
and Technical 
Communication beginning fall 2009. This position provides benefits 
and is renewable annually. Minimum requirements are a Masters or Doctorate 
in English, 
Rhetoric, or Writing. University teaching experience 
and demonstrated teaching success are preferred. Must provide evidence 
of teaching success. Duties include teaching four courses per semester, including 
freshman composition and some literature, depending upon the 
candidate’s area of specialty and the department’s need. The position will 
begin August 17, 2009 and end May 31, 2010. Consideration of applications 
will begin on July 13, 2009, and continue until position is filled.

Missouri S&T is an AA/EOE and does not discriminate based on race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or 
status as Vietnam-era veteran.

Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify. For more information on E-Verify, 
please contact DHS at: 1-888-464-4218

Submit letter of application, vita and three letters of reference to: Human 
Resources Services, Reference Number: R36939, Missouri University of 
Science & Technology, 300 W. 12th St., 113 Centennial Hall, Rolla, MO 
65409-1050

hrsinfo@ mst .edu

Montclair SU

English, 
Montclair NJ 07043

Full and Half-Time Positions in First-Year Writing 6990

http:// www .montclair .edu/ writing/

The English 
Department at Montclair State University invites applications 
for one-year and half-time positions teaching FYW. Record of success 
teaching first-year writing in a diverse, multi-ethnic environment essential. 
Required: PhD, ABD, MFA, or MA in Writing, English 
or terminal 
degree in related field for full-time positions; PhD, ABD or MFA for half-
time positions. Salary is determined by state contract. For full job ad, see 
http:// www .montclair .edu/ writing/. Send letter, CV, letters of support 
from three people familiar with your teaching, a teaching statement, and 
evidence of your teaching effectiveness. Review of applications will begin 
April 15th and continue until positions are filled. Apply to Dr. Daniel 
Bronson, Chair, English 
Department, IN0910, Montclair State University, 
Montclair, NJ 07043. Montclair State University is an EO/AAI.

Newberry C

English, 
2100 College St Newberry SC 29108

Assistant Professor of English 
7548

http:// www .newberry .edu

Assistant Professor of English


The Newberry College Department of English, 
Literature, and Languages 
seeks to fill one tenure-track or visiting position depending upon interest 
and qualifications (with appropriate degree credentials in hand) to begin 
August 2009.

Duties and Responsibilities: Teach twelve hours per semester with teaching 
load in world literature, composition, introductory literature, and future 
upper-level courses. Desirable areas of interest include History of the 
English 
Language and developmental composition.

Qualifications: An earned doctorate preferred (ABD considered) in the 
field of English 
with specialization in composition/ rhetoric and non-
Western literature; experience using computers and other classroom technologies, 
and love of teaching. Preference will be given to those with a 
strong record of successful teaching and scholarly work at the college/ university 
level.

For full consideration, qualified applicants must submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and official 
transcripts. Electronic application materials (preferred) may be emailed to 
HR@ newberry .edu. Otherwise please send application materials to:

Newberry College, Office of Human Resources, 2100 College Street, 
Newberry, SC 29108, Attention: Assistant Professor of English


Newberry College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national 
origin, sex, religion, age, gender, veteran status, genetic characteristics, 
and disability in employment or the provision of services. Newberry 
College encourages a diversity of applicants.

Foreign Nationals should indicate current United States immigration status 
when submitting application materials. [R]

New York Inst of Tech

College of Arts and Sciences, P.O. Box 8000, Northern Blvd. Old 
Westbury NY 11568

Assistant/ Associate Professor 7112

http:// www .nyit .edu

New York Institute of Technology (NYIT), an independent senior comprehensive 
college with campuses on Long Island, in Manhattan, and in 
various countries providing graduate and undergraduate education to 



over 16,000 students, seeks applicants for four Full-Time faculty positions 
in English 
starting in Fall of 2009 at NYIT campus in Nanjing, China. 
NYIT China campus is located on the campus of Nanjing University of 
Posts and Telecommunications (NUPT), in Nanjing, China. The areas of 
teaching of the positions will cover composition, literature, speech, and 
professional writing.

Candidates must hold a Ph.D. in English 
and provide evidence of excellent 
teaching and research ability. Successful candidates must have a demonstrated 
interest and experience in teaching, research, and service.

Applicants should send a cover letter, curriculum vitae and contact information 
for three references to: Dr. Roger Yu, Dean, College of Arts and 
Sciences, Balding House, Room 200, NYIT, Northern Boulevard, P.O. 
Box 8000, Old Westbury, NY 11568-8000. Applications can also be sent 
to ryu@ nyit .edu [R]

Northwestern C

English, 
101 Seventh St SW Orange City IA 51041

Faculty Position in Rhetoric and Composition 7672

One year visiting position in Rhetoric and Composition beginning Fall 
2009 with possible conversion to tenure-track to follow, depending 
upon applicant’s qualifications. Advanced degree status (PhD or ABD) in 
Rhetoric 
and Composition or English 
preferred; successful teaching experience 
is essential. Teaching load is three classes per semester including 
Introduction to Rhetorical Theory, History and Theory of Rhetoric, and 
first-year composition. Depending upon expertise, candidate may teach an 
upper-level rhetorical studies or nonfiction genre course. Other requirements 
include a strong Christian faith and a commitment to Christian 
liberal arts. Visit www .nwciowa .edu/ english 
for more information. Send 
or email letters of interest and resume to Northwestern College, Office 
of Academic Affairs,101 7th Street SW, Orange City, IA 51041, deanoffaculty@ 
nwciowa .edu. Deadline for first consideration is June 12th; applications 
will be accepted until the post is filled. Northwestern College is 
affiliated with the Reformed Church in America and is an equal-opportunity 
employer. 
[R]

Ohio U

English, 
360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701

Visiting Assistant Professor of 18th and 19th Century British Literature 7951

http:// www .english 
.ohiou .edu/

The English 
Department at Ohio University invites applications for a visiting 
assistant professor of 18th and 19th Century British Literature for 
2009–2010. Please send cover letter, vita, and three letters of application 
(at least one should be from a person who has observed the candidate’s 
teaching). Review of materials will begin July 15, 2009, and will continue 
until position is filled.

You are required to apply online. Follow this link: www .ohiouniversityjobs 
.com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=55566

Send materials to: Joseph McLaughlin, Department Chair, Department of 
English, 
Ellis 360, Ohio University, Athens, OH 45701-2979

Women and other minorities are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is 
an EEO/AA employer. 
Further information about Ohio University can 
be found at the University’s web site: http:// www .ohio .edu.

Ohlone C

Lang Arts Div, PO Box 3909, 43600 Mission Blvd Fremont CA 94539

Basic Skills English 
Instructors 7148

Basic Skills English 
Instructors

Ohlone College-Fremont, CA. Job Reference # 09–07. Part-time, temporary. 
To teach writing and or reading courses. A reading certificate or 
MEd with emphasis in reading desired is required to teach the reading 
courses. Job description & required application are available at http:// 
www .ohlonejobs .com EOE

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Assistant Professor Renaissance 7049

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

One year replacement appointment, starting August 2009. PhD and 
teaching experience required. 3–3 course load, teaching undergraduate 
and graduate classes in Renaissance Literature and Shakespeare. Salary 
competitive. For further information on the department, see our web 
page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications 
must be received by April 24, 2009. However, we will continue to 
accept and consider applications until the positions are filled. Send letter 
of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters 
of recommendation and transcript to Carol Moder, Head, Department of 
English, 
Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 
74078-4069. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater 
is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Assistant Professor Composition and/or Undergraduate 
Literature 7048

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

Multiple positions possible, one year appointments renewable up to three 
years, starting August 2009. PhD and teaching experience required. 4–3 
course load teaching one or more of the following: composition, lower-division 
literature, technical writing. Salary competitive. For further information 
on the department, see our web page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. 
To ensure full consideration, applications must be received by April 24, 
2009. However, we will continue to accept and consider applications until 
the positions are filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and 
dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript to Carol 
Moder, Head, Department of English, 
Oklahoma State University, 205 
Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Oklahoma State University is 
an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed 
to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Pasadena City C

English, 
1570 E Colorado Blvd Pasadena CA 91106

Reading Instructor 7528

http:// www .pasadena .edu

#706 (REOPENED)

ENGLISH DIVISION-TENURE-TRACK

Pasadena City College is hiring a full-time, tenure-track Reading instructor 
commencing with the 2009–2010 academic year.

The final date to file the District application and all supporting documents 
is 12:30 p.m. on Thursday, June 4, 2009.

Minimum Qualifications

Master’s degree in education with a specialization in reading or teaching 
reading, OR a Bachelor’s degree in any academic discipline AND twelve 
semester units of course work in teaching reading AND a Master’s degree 
in English, 
literature, linguistics, applied linguistics, composition, comparative 
literature, TESL, or psychology OR a valid California Community 
College Instructor Credential, OR the equivalent. (Degree must be 
posted by June 30, 2009. Some degrees may require equivalency. It is the 
applicant’s responsibility to provide documentation to support equivalent 
qualifications.)

Proficiency in speaking and writing Standard American English


Demonstrated proficiency in teaching at the community college level or 
its equivalent

Professional Skills, Knowledge, and Abilities

Knowledge of current theories and methods in the teaching of reading, 
including computer-managed instruction



Knowledge in the use of computers and other emerging technologies in 
classroom instruction

Demonstrated commitment to the discipline through involvement in professional 
organizations and activities

Ability to work in a multiethnic environment with students who have a 
variety of learning styles and abilities

Demonstrated sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, 
socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community 
college students

The Assignment

Ten Months, 100%-Tenure-track position beginning August 2009.

Salary and Benefits

Salary and other terms of employment are competitive. Our contract 
monthly faculty salary schedule is available on line at http:// www 
.pasadena 
.edu.

Mail District application and supporting documents to: Human Resources 
(C204), Pasadena City College, 1570 E. Colorado Blvd., Pasadena, CA 91106

To access application materials on-line, please visit our Website: http:// 
www .pasadena .edu. Or to request the District application by telephone, 
call 626.585.7257.

Supporting Documents

For full consideration, applications MUST include all items listed below.

Official District application form

A list of at least five references (name, address, phone number, and position)

Letter of application addressing your qualifications for this position. 
Please discuss the ways you meet each of the points listed under-The 
Responsibilities,Minimum Qualifications,and Professional Skills, Knowledge, 
and Abilities.

Professional resume

Transcripts (unofficial copies are acceptable). Official transcripts are required 
upon offer of employment. Foreign transcripts and degrees require 
official certification of equivalency to U.S. transcripts and degrees by a 
certified U.S. review service at the time of application.

Three letters of recommendation (must be dated within 24 months from 
date of the application and included with the application packet)

Other information considered pertinent to the application (optional)

Note: All supporting documentation should include position name and/or 
position number. All materials submitted are for this position only and become 
the property of the District. Materials, including compact disks and 
slides, will NOT be returned, copied or considered for other openings.

PASADENA AREA COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT

Equal Opportunity, Title IX, Section 504 Employer


Rhode Island C

English, 
600 Mt Pleasant Av Providence RI 02908

Assistant Professor, one-year term 7729

http:// www .ric .edu/hr

Assistant Professor, English, 
Rhode Island College; full-time, one-year 
term position starting Fall 2009. The successful candidate will teach 
courses in literature and theory and general education courses. Required: 
Ph.D. in English. 
Preferred: Field or subfield in postcolonial literature and 
theory; modern British literature; and/or American literature.

IMPORTANT: For further information on the position, see our web site 
at http:// www .ric .edu/hr.

General Information/ Application Procedure:

Applications must be received in the Office of Human Resources by 
June 26, 2009. Submit cover letter, cv, official transcripts, and three current 
letters of reference. The cover letter must include the Search Code for 
the position [ENG09–1]. Mail or fax (e-mail not accepted) applications to: 
Office of Human Resources, Attention: Search Code: ENG09–1, Rhode 
Island College, 600 Mt. Pleasant Avenue, Providence, RI 02908-1991, 
Fax: 401-456-8717-Tel: 401-456-8216 [R]

Roosevelt U

Lit & Langs, 430 S Michigan Av Rm 724 Chicago IL 60605

Lecturer in English 
Composition 7171

http:// www .roosevelt .edu/hr

Roosevelt University’s English 
Program invites applications for four renewable, 
non-tenure track lectureships in composition. Instructors will 
teach four composition courses per semester and will join a department 
with a strong commitment to composition studies. These are three-year, 
renewable-contract positions with a salary of $42,000, plus a full and 
competitive benefits package.

Candidates must have at least an M.A. in English 
or a related field, preferably 
with coursework in composition theory; an excellent record of teaching 
in undergraduate composition courses; and readiness to teach at both 
our downtown Chicago and Schaumburg campuses. Please address questions 
to Bonnie Gunzenhauser, Chair, Roosevelt University Department 
of Literature and Languages, at bgunzenhauser@ roosevelt .edu

Details about the application are available on Roosevelt’s website, here: 
https:// jobs .roosevelt .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ frameset/ Frameset 
.jsp?time=1239981038539.

Roosevelt University is a comprehensive, urban, master’s-level private 
institution with campuses in downtown Chicago and suburban Schaumburg. 
Founded in 1945 with an explicit mission of equal educational opportunity, 
64 years later we are still shaped by a commitment to social 
justice. Roosevelt enrolls some 7900 students and is rated one of the most 
racially diverse universities in the Midwest. The Department of Literature 
and Languages, with 14 full-time professors, 140 undergraduate majors, 
and some 60 graduate students, is at the core of the College of Arts and 
Sciences—the largest of the five colleges within the university. [R]

Russell Sage C

English 
& Mod Langs, 45 Ferry St, Carriage House Troy NY 12180

Assistant Professor of English 
7189

http:// www .sage .edu

Assistant Professor of English. 
We reopen our search for a specialist in 
Rhetoric & Composition for a tenure track position beginning Fall 2009. 
The qualified candidate will teach a variety of writing & rhetoric courses, 
& must have secondary English 
Education certification as he or she will 
also supervise student teachers in English 
as well as coordinate our MAT 
in English 
program. Teaching load is 3–4 with student supervision part of 
that load. The candidate must have an earned doctorate in English, 
experience 
teaching at the undergraduate level, & evidence of active scholarship. 
The duties of this position are primarily on the Russell Sage campus, 
but the qualified candidate might teach an occasional course at Sage College 
of Albany as well. Salary commensurate with qualifications & experience; 
a generous benefit package includes a tuition waiver for employees 
& dependents. Interested applicants should submit a letter of intent, c.v., & 
dossier including three letters of support to: Dr. David A. Salomon, Chair, 
Department of English 
& Modern Languages, at salomd@ sage .edu, The 
Sage Colleges, 45 Ferry Street, Troy, NY 12180. Review begins immediately. 
AA/EOE. [R]

Saint Joseph’s C

English, 
155 W Roe Blvd Patchogue NY 11772

Assistant Professor of English 
Literature 7131

http:// www .sjcny .edu

Tenure track position (just opened) in the teaching of these areas:

Modern British Literature (19th century to present)

WITH

Equal Expertise in Medieval Literature

Ph.D.: Required or Imminent

Send Resumes & References to: Sr. Loretta McGrann, Provost, St. 
Joseph’s 
College (Of Brooklyn & Long Island), 155 Roe Blvd., Patchogue, 
New York 11772 [R]



Scripps C

English, 
1030 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711

Part-Time Lecturer in Writing, Fall Semester 2009 7030

http:// www .scrippscollege .edu/

Scripps College, a women’s liberal arts college with a strong interdisciplinary 
tradition, invites applications for one or more part-time Lecturers 
to teach Writing 50: Critical Analysis, a first-year course required of all 
students at Scripps.

Writing 50 is topic-based and may be in any academic discipline. It teaches 
careful reading, critical thinking, research methods, the conventions of 
academic writing, and the fundamentals of argumentation.

Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. College-level teaching experience 
required. Send a cover letter, c.v., three letters of reference, and a brief 
description of a course that you would like to teach. Deadline: April 25, 
2009. Please send all materials to Professor Kimberly Drake, Director, 
Writing Program, Scripps College, 1030 Columbia Avenue, Claremont, 
CA 91711.

Located 35 miles east of Los Angeles, Scripps College is one of seven 
members of the Claremont University Consortium, which also includes 
Claremont-McKenna College, Harvey Mudd College, Pitzer College, 
Pomona College, the Keck Graduate Institute of Applied Life Sciences, 
and the Claremont Graduate University.

In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide 
equal education and employment opportunities, Scripps College actively 
encourages applications from women and from members of historically 
underrepresented groups. [R]

Seton Hill U

Humanities, Box 363F Greensburg PA 15601

Assistant Professor of English 
(Writing Popular Fiction) 7888

http:// www .setonhill .edu

Seton Hill University seeks published novelist of popular fiction (preferably 
mystery/ suspense), to teach and to mentor novel-length theses in the 
graduate low-residency Writing Popular Fiction program (half-load), and 
to teach undergraduate courses in creative writing and first-year composition. 
This position will start January 2010. Background in journalism, 
publishing, and/or editing a plus. Teaching experience at graduate level 
desirable. MFA required (Ph.D preferred). 4/4 course load.

Seton Hill University is a Catholic, liberal arts University, serving undergraduate, 
adult and graduate students. Seton Hill is located 35 miles east 
of Pittsburgh. Visit setonhill .edu for more information.

Send a letter, C.V., official transcripts, statement of teaching philosophy, 
sample publications, and three letters of reference to Michael Arnzen, 
Ph.D., Seton Hill University, Greensburg, PA 15601 (arnzen@ setonhill 
.edu). The review process will begin immediately and will continue until 
the position is filled.

Seton Hill University is committed to a faculty, staff and student body 
that reflect the diversity of our global population. AA/EOE

Shippensburg U

English, 
1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257

Assistant Professor Creative Writing-Fiction 8028

http:// www .ship .edu

Tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing, Fiction, full-time 
appointment beginning August 2010. MFA or PhD from an accredited 
institution required by time of appointment. Candidates must have a 
demonstrated commitment to undergraduate education, a strong record 
of publications in fiction, and evidence of academic service. Twelve-hour 
course load each semester may include creative writing, general education 
(writing and literature), and literature courses in the major, with course 
reduction available for advising the student literary magazine. The committee 
will request writing samples from selected candidates and may meet 
with these candidates at MLA. On-campus interviews for finalists will include 
a demonstration of teaching effectiveness and a brief fiction reading.

Submit letter of interest, curriculum vitae, undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts (unofficial for application, official prior to interview), and 
contact information for three references to: Richard Zumkhawala-Cook, 
Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, Shippensburg University of 
Pennsylvania, 1871 Old Main Drive, DHC 113, Shippensburg PA 17257

Review of applications begins November 2, 2009.

For more information about the Department of English 
and Shippensburg 
University, see www .ship .edu/ ~english.


Evidence of a commitment to understanding diverse populations will be 
required as part of the on-campus interview. Offers of employment are 
contingent upon successful completion of a criminal background check. 
All candidates must furnish proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. upon 
appointment. Shippensburg University is committed to equal employment 
opportunity. Individuals from traditionally underrepresented populations 
are encouraged to apply.

Slippery Rock U of Pennsylvania

Mod Langs & Cultures, 1 Morrow Way Slippery Rock PA 16057

English 
Faculty 7249

http:// www .sru .edu

Slippery Rock University invites applications for three temporary, full 
time faculty positions and one quarter-time position at the Instructor level 
in the English 
Department beginning August 2009. Positions may be renewed 
based on need, funding and performance.

Assigned workload for a full-time position is four courses per semester, 
including first-year composition and possibly introductory literature or 
other English 
courses. Department and university service are encouraged, 
as well as continued scholarship. Excellent salary and benefits package.

Qualifications

Required

-ABD or PhD in English 
or related field

-Experience in teaching college-level composition and literature

-Commitment to excellence in teaching

-Commitment to the education of diverse populations

-Successful performance in an on-campus interview, including a teaching 
demonstration

Send letter of interest, current curriculum vitae, graduate and undergraduate 
transcripts (official transcripts before hiring), samples of teaching 
materials, teaching evaluations, and the names, addresses (including 
e-mail addresses), and phone numbers of three current references to: Dr. 
William Zeiger, Chair, English 
Search Committee, Slippery Rock University, 
Slippery Rock, PA 16057, Phone: (724) 738-2352 email: william 
.zeiger@ sru .edu., Fax: (724) 738-4829. No electronic applications will be 
accepted.

Review of applications will begin May 22, 2009 and continue until position 
is filled. Background investigation required for employment. Slippery 
Rock University of PA is a member of the State System of Higher 
Education and is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
Visit 
our web page at www .sru .edu. TTY# 724-738-4881

Slippery Rock U of Pennsylvania

Mod Langs & Cultures, 1 Morrow Way Slippery Rock PA 16057

English 
Instructor 7109

http:// www .sru .edu

Slippery Rock University invites applications for a temporary, full time 
faculty position in the English 
Department at the Instructor level beginning 
August 2009. Position may be renewed based on need, funding and 
performance.

The faculty member who fills this position will teach the Writing Practicum 
and coordinate department curricular offerings with the Secondary 
Education /Foundations of Education Department for Secondary Education 
English 
majors. Assigned workload is four courses per semester, including 
first-year composition and introductory literature. Department 
and university service are encouraged, as well as continued scholarship. 
Excellent salary and benefits package.



For complete details for this position and application procedure, please go 
to: www .sru .edu/ pages/15630.asp

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville

English 
Lang & Lit, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville 
IL 62026

Assistant Professor of English: 
Literature Generalist/ English 
Education 7190

http:// www .siue .edu/ ENGLISH

Our English 
Department fully integrates English 
Education into our mission. 
An ideal candidate must be committed to the duties of the position, 
which include teaching undergraduate and graduate English 
literature 
courses, composition (first-year students through advanced undergraduates), 
and involves significant efforts in advising, student teacher screening, 
observation, and other programmatic support for students in an English 
Education program. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or related field. A 
demonstrated interest in English 
Education, literature, composition, and 
pedagogy is essential. Teaching experience in a variety of college level 
courses (including both literature and composition) required. Experience 
with student teacher screening, observation, and website design/ maintenance 
is desirable.

Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master’s/comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates 
must submit an application packet including: letter of application addressing 
teaching and research interests, statement of teaching philosophy, 
current CV, three letters of recommendation, and unofficial graduate 
transcripts to: English 
Education Search Committee, Department of English, 
Box 1431M, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, 
IL 62026-1431. As an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers 
equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, creed or 
religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; 
benefits under state sponsored plans may not be available to holders of F1 
or J1 visas.

Position open until filled; preference given to applications postmarked by 
July 15, 2009. [R]

SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU

English, 
101 Broad St Champlain Valley Hall, Rm 103 Plattsburgh NY 
12901

Assistant Professor, English 
7329

http:// jobs .plattsburgh .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50559

The English 
Department of the State University of New York College at 
Plattsburgh invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position in 
English 
Education/ Language Arts for Fall 2010. English 
Language Arts, 
Literature, and Writing Arts are the three majors in the English 
Department. 
We offer a strong foundation in the content area of English 
with a 
focus in Education and innovative English 
Language Arts methodology 
for the preparation of Adolescence Education teachers.

Qualifications: Ph.D. or Ed. D. in English 
or English 
Education awarded 
by August 2010. Publication or promise of sustained scholarly activity and 
commitment to university service are required. Evidence of successful 
secondary teaching required. College teaching experience and/or expertise 
in digital writing/ new media will be highly regarded. Other teaching 
and research interests will be considered and should be included in the 
cover letter. Familiarity with national accreditation standards and/or National 
Writing Project is a plus.

Responsibilities: 3/3 teaching load includes courses from the following 
areas: methods in teaching composition, literature, and language arts; 
composition/ writing; general education; core curriculum in the major; 
and upper-division literature and/or writing. University service and ELA 
scholarship required.

SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity.

Review of applications begins September 14 and continues until the position 
is filled. Original transcripts will be required prior to the start of 
employment. Please apply to <a href=”https:// jobs .plattsburgh .edu/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=50559”>https:// jobs .plattsburgh .edu/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=50559</a> and include a cover letter specifically 
addressing this position, curriculum vitae, scholarly writing sample 
and three letters of reference.

Texas A&M Intl U

Lang & Lit, 5201 University Blvd Laredo TX 78041

Visiting Assistant Professor of English; 
Assistant Professor of English 
7210

http:// www .tamiu .edu

Job Duties: Texas A&M International University’s Department of Language 
and Literature invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
and a Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
to begin Fall 2009. We 
seek two generalists specializing in any area of American literature to teach 
American literature surveys, upper-division and graduate courses, and 
lower-division writing courses. Willingness to teach History of the English 
Language is also welcome. Special consideration will be given candidates 
capable of teaching any romance language at the introductory level.

Required Qualifications: Candidates with Ph.D. in hand are strongly preferred. 
They should have a record of teaching excellence and a dedication 
to scholarship. In addition to teaching, faculty responsibilities include student 
advisement, professional/ scholarly activity, and institutional service.

Salary: Commensurate with qualifications and experience.

Other Information: Texas A&M International University, located in 
Laredo, Texas, on the U.S./Mexico border, serves over 5,000 students in 
73 baccalaureate and graduate programs. Approximately 94% of the students 
are Spanish/ English 
bilingual. It is one of the fastest growing universities 
in Texas. The Department of Language and Literature offers the 
baccalaureate in Communication, English, 
and Spanish, and graduate degrees 
in English 
and Spanish, including a collaborative Ph.D. program in 
Hispanic Studies. For more information, visit www .tamiu .edu.

Application Procedure: To apply, send a letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, and contact information for three references to Dr. Kevin Lindberg, 
Associate Chair, Department of Language and Literature, Texas A&M International 
University, 5201 University Blvd., Laredo, TX 78041-1900. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
the positions are filled. All TAMIU positions are security sensitive. Applicants 
are subject to a criminal history investigation, and employment is 
contingent on the results of the criminal history investigation.

EOE

Tulane U

English, 
6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118

Visiting Assistant Professor 6648

http:// www2.tulane .edu/ ~english


The Department of English 
at Tulane University seeks to hire a Visiting 
Assistant Professor in British Modernism and/or Anglophone Postcolonial 
Literatures for the 2009–2010 academic year. Candidates with Ph.d. in 
hand are preferred. The teaching load for this position is 3–3. Please send 
a letter of application, vita and a 25 page writing sample no later than 
March 31st, 2009 addressed to Gaurav Desai, Chair, Department of English 
at engpos1@ tulane .edu. Applications will only be accepted and acknowledged 
electronically and should be sent as either Word or pdf files. 
Tulane University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. All eligible candidates are invited 
to apply for position vacancies as appropriate.

U at Buffalo

Asst Curator, Poetry Collection, Libraries, Music & Special 
Collections 112 Baird Hall Buffalo NY 14260

Assistant Curator, Poetry Collection 7270

http:// library .buffalo .edu/pl/

Assists the curator in all activities of the Poetry Collection, including 
acquisitions, publications, exhibitions, public presentations, meeting the 
needs and demands of researchers and donors, collection development, 
interacting with peer organizations and undertaking community and university 
departmental outreach. Assists in the preparation of grant applications 
and other developmental outreach, with sorting, arranging, and 
housing collections, and preparing descriptions for bibliographic records 



and finding aids. Assists with the preservation and maintenance of the 
monographic and manuscript collections, is responsible for maintaining 
control, order and shelving in the storage areas, and supervises student 
assistants.

To see qualifications and apply: Go to https:// www .ubjobs .buffalo .edu/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=52634

All applicants must apply via the UBJobs website above.

Application deadline: May 22, 2009 [R]

U of California, Riverside

University Writing Program, Office of the Chancellor 4148 
Hinderaker Hall Riverside CA 92521

Lecturer for University Writing Program 7090

http:// www .uwp .ucr .edu/

LECTURER

The University Writing Program at the University of California, Riverside, 
is seeking to hire full-and part-time Lecturers to teach Freshman Composition 
and/or Entry-Level Writing classes in the 2009–2010 academic year. 
An M.A. and at least one year’s teaching experience at the college level are 
required for these appointments. For some positions, ESL certification is 
desirable. You must apply no later than Monday, May 4, 2009.

These positions are subject to the availability of funding. Salary is based 
on an annual full time rate of $43,336. An application letter, CV, verification 
of credentials (diploma, official transcripts, etc.), self-statement explaining 
your Composition pedagogy, student evaluations that cover an 
academic year, and three current letters of recommendation or a dossier 
are required. Materials related to teaching such as syllabi are also useful to 
the hiring committee. All application materials must be received by the 
University Writing Program by the due date at the following address:

Professor John Briggs, c/o Cheryl Foster Brusuelas, University Writing 
Program, HMNSS 1003, University of California, 900 University Avenue, 
Riverside, CA 92521-0138, USA, Phone: (-951-827-7730), Fax: 
(-951-827-7761)

The University of California is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Members of underrepresented groups are particularly encouraged 
to apply.

U of Chicago

English, 
1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637

Lecturer of Twentieth-Century 
Poetry and Poetics 6810

http:// english 
.uchicago .edu

The Department of English 
at the University of Chicago invites applications 
for a one-year non-renewable lectureship in twentieth-century 
poetry 
and poetics, American or British and American. The lecturer will 
teach two courses each quarter in the 2009–2010 academic year, some 
at the graduate level. Applicants must have a Ph.D. We look for a strong 
teaching record, significant publication, and intellectual and professional 
ambition and inventiveness. Please submit a CV; an introductory letter 
on academic background, scholarly interests, and teaching experience; a 
dissertation or book abstract (where applicable); and three letters of recommendation. 
Applications received by May 11, 2009, will receive the 
fullest consideration. Address correspondence to Jay Schleusener, Chair, 
Department of English, 
University of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Chicago, 
IL 60637. The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R]

U of Dayton

English, 
300 College Park Dayton OH 45469

Lecturer 7029

http:// www .udayton .edu

Full-time, non-tenure-track lecturer position in composition. Teaching 
load is four courses each semester with primary responsibility in first-
year composition. M.A. in English 
or related discipline required; Ph.D. 
preferred. Candidates should also demonstrate a record of excellence in 
college-level teaching. Additional qualifications of interest include graduate 
training in rhetoric and composition and experience with writing in 
the disciplines, ESL, or new media. Experience teaching students from 
diverse backgrounds also preferred. Letter of application, CV, and statement 
of teaching philosophy must be submitted on-line at http:// jobs 
.udayton .edu. In addition, three original letters of recommendation 
should be mailed to Sheila Hassell Hughes, Department Chair. Review of 
applications will begin April 20 and continue until position is filled. The 
University of Dayton, a comprehensive Catholic university founded by 
the Society of Mary in 1850, is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans 
are encouraged to apply. The University of Dayton is firmly committed 
to the principle of diversity. [R]

U of Louisiana, Lafayette

English, 
PO Box 44691 Lafayette LA 70504

Writer-in-Residence and Professor/ Associate Professor of English 
6908

http:// www .louisiana .edu

Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2009. Creative Writing-Fiction. 
Duties: teaching one creative writing workshop per academic year, directing 
creative writing dissertations and masters thesis, working with 
undergraduate students in creative writing, presenting at least one public 
reading or lecture each year, and participating in the department and 
university community. Continued publishing in field and other duties associated 
with holding a university position. Qualifications: International 
reputation as a creative writer as evidenced by awards and publications in 
prestigious international venues, extensive publications in creative genres 
(fiction, poetry, drama, creative non-fiction, professional experience in 
teaching advanced creative writing workshops). Salary competitive. Minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. Send application letter, current 
CV, and names and addresses of three references to Professor James McDonald, 
Department Head, Department of English, 
University of Louisiana 
at Lafayette, P.O. Box 44691, Lafayette, LA 70504. UL Lafayette is 
a selective-admissions, state-supported university located in the heart of 
Louisianaâ€™s Acadian-Creole region. The department offers the B.A., 
M.A., and Ph.D. in English, 
as well as graduate concentrations in Literary 
Studies, Rhetoric, Creative Writing, Folklore, and Linguistics. AA/EEO 
compliant. http:// english 
.louisiana .edu. [R]

U of Miami

English, 
PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124

Lectureships in English 
7828

http:// www.as.miami .edu/ English


The University of Miami Department of English 
seeks applicants for 
appointment as full-time lecturers to teach sections of 200-level survey 
courses in World, English, 
and American literature. Teaching load is four 
courses per semester. Appointments are for one year only, with no commitment 
to renewal. We especially seek applicants with relevant graduate 
course work and teaching experience in college-level literature classes. 
Ph.D. in literature required.

Please send a letter of application briefly describing your teaching experience, 
a current c.v., and a syllabus (including a set of writing assignments) 
from a college-level literature course to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Miami, P.O. Box 248145, Coral Gables, 
FL 33124. To save time you may send materials by email c/o Mary 
Dulik (mdulik@ miami .edu). Review of applications will begin immediately 
and will continue until all positions are filled. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
[R]

U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S. State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

Lecturer III 7531

The Department of English 
Language and Literature at the University 
of Michigan seeks applicants for an open Lecturer III position. This is a 
non-tenure track position appointed annually for the first four years of the 
appointment as long as instructional/ programmatic needs and the performance 
standards of the Department are met. Full-time load is three (3) 
courses per semester or the equivalent in other duties.



Duties include teaching upper-level writing courses, introductions to poetry 
and to literary studies, courses in drama, romanticism, and/or digital 
rhetoric and literacy, and undergraduate advising.

Terms and conditions of employment for this position are subject to the 
provisions of a Collective Bargaining Agreement between the University 
of Michigan and the Lecturers Employee Organization (LEO). The University 
of Michigan is an Affirmative Action/ Equal opportunity employer

Department Qualifications: The candidate must hold a PhD degree in 
English 
Language and Literature. The candidate must have demonstrated 
excellence in college-level teaching of writing and literature. Candidates 
must have expertise in rhetoric and composition; preference will be given 
to candidates with the ability to teach an introduction to poetry, an introduction 
to literary studies, romanticism, drama, and/or digital rhetoric 
and literacy.

Application Deadline: June 5, 2009. To apply, send an application letter 
explaining your qualifications and teaching philosophy, a current CV, evidence 
of teaching excellence, and two letters of recommendation to: Recruitment 
Coordinator, University of Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann 
Arbor, MI 48109-1003 [R]

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Lecturer 7449

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ engl

The University of Nevada, Reno, Department of English 
seeks candidates 
for a one-year, non-tenure track position, beginning July 1, 2009. Each 
semester, the visiting instructor will teach three or four classes for the department. 
Courses may include required courses for majors, courses in the 
Core Humanities sequence, and graduate seminars.

Candidates must possess a Ph.D. in English 
or related field. Candidates 
must have demonstrated experience and expertise in teaching.

Preference will go to a candidate with expertise in British nineteenth-
century 
literature. Secondary expertise in visual studies, transatlanticism, 
or gender and sexuality studies desirable.

To apply, please visit www .unrsearch .com/ applicants/ Central?
quickFind=53808. [R]

U of North Texas

English, 
1155 Union Circle #311307 Denton TX 76203

Lecturer 7628

http:// www .engl .unt .edu

The English 
Department at the University of North Texas seeks a full-
time, non-tenure-track lecturer beginning August 27, 2009. Lecturers 
typically teach 4 courses per term, mainly freshman composition but also 
lower-division literature and/or creative writing. Required qualifications 
include an M.A. in English 
and experience teaching freshman composition; 
a Ph.D. in English 
or M.F.A. in creative writing and experience 
teaching literature and/or creative writing are highly desirable. To apply, 
send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. David 
Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, 
University of North Texas, 
1155 Union Circle # 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-5017. A dynamic, rapidly 
growing institution that is now the fourth largest university in Texas, 
UNT is an AA/ADA/ EOE that values diversity and is located in the culturally 
and economically vibrant Dallas/ Fort Worth area. Postmark deadline 
for applications is 6/5/09. [R]

U of Oregon

Robert D. Clark Honors College, 1293 University of Oregon Eugene 
OR 97403

Tenure-Track Assistant Literature Professor 7629

http:// honors .uoregon .edu

Full-time Tenure-track Assistant Literature Professor, Clark Honors College, 
University of Oregon, beginning 9–16–09.

Requirements: Ph.D. in literature outside Western canon by 6–30–09; 
evidence of superior teaching ability; post colonial literature and theory 
expertise, non-European literature, role played by Orientalism in reading 
texts; familiarity with Western literary and intellectual traditions 
and ability to engage them in teaching and research; command of second 
language; experience teaching honors students, mentoring honors thesis 
projects; focused research program; experience teaching where writing 
and discussion are integrated into liberal arts instruction.

Responsibilities: student advising, teaching year-long undergraduate sequence 
of ancient through contemporary literature, undergraduate research, 
upper-division interdisciplinary seminars. Tenure standards for 
scholarship in candidate’s discipline apply.

Submit: description of teaching and research interests, CV, transcripts, 
three recommendations, writing sample, syllabi and teaching evaluations 
to Literature Search Committee, Clark Honors College, University of 
Oregon, Eugene, Oregon 97403.

Complete application deadline: 6–18–09. EO/AA/ADA institution committed 
to cultural diversity.

U of Oxford

English, 
St Cross Bldg Manor Rd Oxford OX1 3UQ England


Early Career Fellow in American Literature 6729

http:// www .english.
ox.ac.uk

A three-year research and teaching appointment in American literature 
from October 2009 for an outstanding academic at an early stage of his 
or her career. Candidates will be required to teach for up to six hours per 
week and to be involved in assessment. Applicants should have and excellent 
research record and experience of teaching in the field of American 
literature. They must have completed their PhD by 1 October 2009.

Further details and information about how to apply (which should be 
consulted before applying) are available from:

http:// www .English.
ox.ac.uk/news-and-events/ current-vacancies .html

Applications and references should be sent: by e-mail (preferred) to: english 
.office@ ell.ox.ac.uk or by post to English 
Faculty Office, St. Cross 
Building, Manor Road, Oxford, OX1 3UL by no later than 12 noon on 
Monday 6 April 2009. [R]

U of Pittsburgh

English, 
526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260

Director of the Western PA Writing Project for School of Education 7348

http:// www .english 
.pitt .edu

The University of Pittsburgh is seeking candidates for the position of Director 
of the Western Pennsylvania Writing Project (WPWP).

Qualifications: Earned doctorate in literacy or a related area, such as composition, 
English 
education, or reading (advanced doctoral candidates considered). 
Experience with the National Writing Project (or other teacher 
professional development programs), K-12 classroom teaching, and work 
with diverse populations and urban education preferred.

Review of applications will begin May 20, 2009 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Please send a letter of application, current vitae, and 
three letters of reference. Electronic submissions (search@ education .pitt 
.edu) are highly encouraged. If you are unable to submit electronically, 
please mail the requested materials to Faculty Searches, Office of the 
Dean, School of Education University of Pittsburgh, 5600 Posvar Hall, 
Pittsburgh, PA 15260.

We invite inquiries to the Chairs of the Search Committee: Dr. Amanda 
Godley (agodley@ pitt .edu) and Dr. David Bartholomae (barth@ pitt .edu).

The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
employer 
committed to diversity. Women and members of minority 
groups are especially encouraged to apply.

U of Puerto Rico

English, 
PO Box 23323 San Juan PR 00931

Assistant Professor of English 
7089

The English 
Department of the College of General Studies at the University 
of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras campus, seeks applications to fill 
three (3) tenure-track positions. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in one 



of the following 
areas: Composition and Rhetoric, Literature, Linguistics 
and ESL. Experience with teaching non-native speakers of English 
preferred. Must have research and publishing record in last five years and 
demonstrate ability to generate external funds and do research in undergraduate 
and general education. Ability to communicate in Spanish is recommended. 
Send cover letter, curriculum vitae, transcripts, dissertation 
abstract, teaching portfolio or other evidence of teaching experience, examples 
of publications or creative work, and two current letters of recommendation 
postmarked by April 30, 2009 to Dr. Jorge Rodriguez Beruff, 
Dean, College of General Studies, PO Box 23323, San Juan, PR, 00931-
3323. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Parkside

English, 
PO Box 2000, 900 Wood Rd Kenosha WI 53141

Three Lecturerships in English, 
starting in Fall 09 6929

http:// uwp .edu

M.A. or M.F.A.required, Ph.D. preferred, with good record in teaching 
freshman composition, other writing courses (such as business, technical, 
and creative), and literature survey courses, and experience with a diverse, 
multicultural population.

Four courses per semester, usually three in composition/ writing and one in 
lit. survey. These positions have the possibility of being renewable and converting 
to rolling three-year contracts. Send application letter, vitae, and 
three recommendation letters to Dr. Walter Graffin,Chair, English 
Department, 
University of Wisconsin-Parkside, Kenosha, WI, 53141, by April 27, 
2009. U. W.-Parkside is an AA/EEO employer. 
D/M/V/V. [R]

Virginia Commonwealth U

English, 
PO Box 842005, 900 Park Av Richmond VA 23284

English 
Instructors 7268

http:// www .has .vcu .edu/ eng

The English 
Department in the College of Humanities and Sciences at 
VCU seeks to hire multiple non-tenure track faculty on renewable appointments 
(pending performance and funding), beginning 16 August 
2009. MA or MFA required, Ph.D. desirable. 4/4 load teaching composition, 
advanced writing and literature. Minimum 3 yrs. teaching composition; 
some experience teaching or assisting with large lecture classes 
is a plus. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and excellent written and 
oral communication skills essential. Publications desirable. This position 
is contingent upon funding. For details, see www .has .vcu .edu/ eng.

Send letter of application, current cv, three letters of recommendation to 
Terry Oggel, Chair, English 
Department, Virginia Commonwealth University, 
Box 842005, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. All materials must be 
postmarked by June 1, 2009.

VCU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Women, minorities 
and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]

Weill Cornell Medical College in Qatar

Writing, PO Box 24144 Doha Qatar

Writing Faculty 7211

http:// www .qatar-med .cornell .edu

Weill Cornell Medical College in Qatar (WCMC-Q) seeks a full-time 
experienced faculty member to teach college-level academic writing to 
students enrolled in a rigorous premedical program. Primary duties consist 
of teaching WRIT 137–138, a Cornell University course sequence 
designed for students who need more focused attention to master the 
expectations of academic writing. The courses emphasize analytic and 
argumentative writing and critical reading. In addition, the successful 
candidate will participate in activities of the Pre-Medical Education unit 
and the academic life of WCMC-Q.

Qualified applicants will have an M.F.A. or Ph.D. in writing, composition 
theory or literature. Demonstrable college teaching experience and 
knowledge of contemporary teaching practices are required. Candidates 
are expected to be familiar with the American higher education system 
and must be willing to relocate to Doha, Qatar for the duration of the 
appointment. Academic rank and salary are commensurate with training 
and experience and are accompanied by an attractive foreign-service 
benefits package. Qualified applicants should submit a curriculum vitae 
and a letter of interest outlining their teaching experience to: http:// job 
.qatar-
med .cornell .edu *

*Please select the appropriate position under the Academic options and 
indicate job # 09-wcmcq-WRT

Cornell University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action educator 
and employer. 
Details regarding WCMC-Q and its facilities, including 
the Foundation Program, can be accessed at: www .qatar-med .cornell .edu

The screening of applications will begin immediately and continue until 
suitable candidates are identified. Please note that due to the high volume 
of applications, only short-listed candidates will be contacted. Service is 
expected to begin in August 2009.

Short-listed candidates will be asked to provide names of three references.