Summer Supplement 2005 

ML
MLMLA J 
A JA JOB I 
IINFORMATION L 
LLIST 


The Job Information Service received the following listings in English and foreign languages after the April List went to press. Subscribers to the List may use the 
form enclosed to renew their subscriptions for 2005–06. Subscribers may want to determine if their departments are members of ADE or ADFL. Departments that 
become paid members of ADE or ADFL for 2005–06 will be able to grant their graduate students and faculty members free access to the 2005–06 online List. 
ADE- and ADFL-member departments also receive print versions of the List. For additional copies of the subscription form, please write to the Job Information 
Service, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, NY 10004-1789. 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy. 

ENGLISH LISTINGS 
SEE ALSO ADDITION AL LISTINGS 

Albany C of Pharmacy 

Humanities, 106 New Scotland Ave Albany NY 12208 

Assistant/Associate Professor 2755 

The Department of Humanities and Social Sciences at Albany College of Pharmacy 
(www.acp.edu) is seeking applicants for a full time, tenure-track position at 
the rank of assistant or associate professor. The successful candidate will be one of 
several colleagues involved in the development and implementation of new 
graduate programs in pharmacoeconomics and pharmacy administration. Candidates 
also will be part of the administration-management-economics sequence 
within the existing Pharm.D. program. Expertise in any of the following is preferred: 
research design; epidemiology; health administration; econometrics/ 
biometrics. Ph.D. in a discipline related to administrative sciences, economics 
and/or research design, or Pharm.D. with extensive postgraduate work in similar 
fields, is required. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until position is 
filled. Send letter of application, CV and names of three references to: Dr. Kenneth 
J. Blume, Chair, Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, Albany 
College of Pharmacy, 106 New Scotland Avenue, Albany, NY 12208, e-mail applications 
accepted at admin-eco@acp.edu. 

Albany College of Pharmacy does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, 
sex, sexual preference, age, religion, creed, national origin, marital status, Vietnam 
Era Veteran status, disabled Veteran status, or disability in its programs and 
activities. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding 
the non-discrimination policies: Gerald H. Katzman, Esq., General Counsel, 
Albany College of Pharmacy, 106 New Scotland Ave., Albany, NY 12208-3492; 

(518) 445-7298; Fax: (518) 445-7341; katzmang@acp.edu. 
Angelo SU 

English, PO Box 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

English Faculty Position 1407 

http://www.angelo.edu 
The Angelo State University Department of English announces a tenure-track 
position in Rhetoric and Composition with emphasis in professional or technical 
writing or in English with substantial experience in teaching upper division professional 
writing courses and/or with substantial corporate experience. PhD required. 
Competitive entry-level salary. Teaching load normally twelve hours per 
semester, including courses in technical, business, and professional writing as well 
as composition. Other duties include development of existing specialization in 
Professional Writing, including working with the academic community to develop 
curriculum, recruiting and retaining students, and establishing contacts 

with local business and industry. Active research and publication agenda required, 
plus service to department, university, profession, and community expected. 
Send letter of application, CV, and names, addresses, and telephone numbers of 
three professional references to Nancy Allen, Head, Department of English, 
ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909-0894. Review of applications will 
begin immediately and continue until position is filled. Angelo State University 
is located in San Angelo, a city of approximately 90,000. A state-sponsored coeducational 
institution governed by the Texas State University System, the University 
has an enrollment of approximately 6,300 students. As a regional, 
comprehensive university, it is fully accredited to award degrees at the associate, 
bachelor's, and master's levels through its three colleges, two schools, and nineteen 
academic departments. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, PO Box 97404 1 Bear Pl Waco TX 76798 

Lecturer, or Possibly Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 2643 

Full-time Lecturer, or possibly tenure-track Assistant Professor, to begin Fall 
2005. Possibly two or more positions. Field open in either British or American 
literature, although applications in Medieval British, Renaissance, Modern 
American, and Professional Writing especially encouraged. Active researcher 
with publications in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist 
General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer, Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities 
to apply. Applicants should be able to affirm Baylor's Christian identity 
and mission. Complete applications are due by July 18, 2005; they should include 
a letter of application, a c.v., and a dossier including at least three letters of 
recommendation. Mail all materials to Professor Maurice Hunt; Chair, Department 
of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 
76798-7404. [R] 

Biola U 

English, 13800 Biola Avenue La Mirada CA 90639 

Assistant Professor, Critical Theory and British Literature 699 

http://www.biola.edu 
Biola University's English Department seeks applicants for a full-time tenure 
track position jointly in Critical Theory and British literature (twentieth-century 
preferred). Candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by date of appointment (August 
2005). Department faculty teach four courses a semester, both surveys and 
upper-level courses. Biola is an evangelical Christian university in which faculty 
endorse a university statement of Christian faith and community values, and are 
committed to the integration of faith and learning. An equal opportunity 
employer, Biola is committed to diversity and seeks faculty who can contribute 
to multicultural understandings. The university is located 22 miles southeast of 
downtown Los Angeles and serves a student body of over 5,000 undergraduate 
and graduate students. Biola is accredited by WASC. Please send letter, CV, and 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


three letters of recommendation to Dr. Carol Taylor, Vice Provost for Undergraduate 
Education, Biola University, 13800 Biola Ave., La Mirada, CA 90639. 

Bowdoin C 

English, 8300 College Stn Brunswick ME 04011 

Visiting Assistant Professor or Instructor in Contemporary American Fiction 2698 

http://academic.bowdoin.edu 
The Department of English at Bowdoin College seeks a Visiting Assistant Professor 
or Instructor for the fall semester of 2005, to teach two courses in contemporary 
American fiction. This half-year position includes benefits, and eligibility for 


research/travel funds. Evidence of excellence in teaching is especially important. 
The Ph.D. should be completed or nearly complete. 
Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum vita, at least three letters 


of recommendation, and a brief writing sample to: Ann Louise Kibbie, Chair, 
Department of English, 8300 College Station, Bowdoin College, Brunswick, ME 
04011-8483. We are unable to consider incomplete applications. We will begin 
reviewing applications immediately and will continue reviewing them until the 
position is filled. 


Further information about Bowdoin and the Department is available at http:// 
academic.bowdoin.edu. Bowdoin College is committed to equality through affirmative 
action and is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage inquiries 
from candidates who will enrich and contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity 
of our college. Bowdoin College does not discriminate on the basis of age, 
race, creed, color, religion, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, 
national origin, or disability status in employment, or in our education programs. 
[R] 


CUNY, Kingsborough Comm C 

English, 2001 Oriental Blvd Brook lyn NY 11235 

Associate Professor/Professor to serve as Department Chairperson 2631 

http://www.kbcc.cuny.edu 
Notice Number: FY-10371 
Position Description and Duties: Chairperson of large department, consisting of 

50 full-time and 80 adjunct faculty; responsible for coordinating and teaching 
developmental reading and writing, freshman English, ESL, literature and journalism. 
The Chair is expected to provide effective administrative and intellectual 
leadership for the department, and to support the faculty in their work as both 
teachers and scholars. Chair is Department's primary representative at college-
wide meetings and committees. Commitment to on-going college-wide initiatives, 
including portfolio-based assessment, Writing Across the Curriculum, 
Learning Communities and information literacy. Please refer to our Web Site for 
qualifications and details: www.kbcc.cuny.edu 

When responding please indicate Notice Number and source of advertisement. 
Respond to: Dr. Stuart Suss, V.P. of Academic Affairs& Provost, Kingsborough 
Community College, 2001 Oriental Boulevard, Brooklyn, NY 11235, e-mail 
response to: apps.fy@kbcc.cuny.edu. An equal opportunity/affirmative action/ 
irca/americans with disabilities act employer. 

Cecil Comm C 

English & Reading, 1 Seahawk Dr North East MD 21901 

FT Assistant English Professor (Fall 2005–10 month) 2762 

http://www.cecilcc.edu/employment 
The Department of English and Reading seeks a generalist with a proven record 
of successfully teaching a range of composition and literature courses, as well as 
developmental courses. Applicants should have a minimum of a Master's degree 
in English or English/Reading. Also, applicants must be available to teach day, 
evening, and possibly weekend classes. Despite its rapid growth, Cecil Community 
College maintains its commitment to small class sizes and a collegial community, 
and encourages innovative teaching and professional development. The 
salary is $35,000-$40,000 depending upon experience. Applicants should submit 
their application, a vita and three letters of recommendation to Dr. James M. 
Wilburn, III, Director, Human Resources, Cecil Community College, One Sea-
hawk Drive, North East, MD 21901. Review of applications will begin on 

June 15, 2005, and will continue until the position is filled. For best considera


tion please reply before Wednesday, June 8, 2005. 
Apply on-line to www.cecilcc.edu/employment and e-mail vita and letter of application 
to resume@cecilcc.edu. Cecil Community College is an equal employment 
opportunity employer and is committed to diversity. 


Chapman U 

English & Comp Lit, 333 N Glassell Orange CA 92866 

Lectureship 2723 

http://www.chapman.edu/ 
The Department of English and Comparative Literature at Chapman University 
is looking for qualified applicants to teach for a one (1) year, full-time, non-tenure 
track position starting in fall 2005. Renewal possible. This person will teach 


four (4) courses per semester, at least three (3) of which will be composition. 
Salary and benefits are commensurate with position. PhD required. 
Interested candidates should submit a letter of application and current curricu


lum vitae to: Dr. Mark Axelrod, Chair, Department of English and Comparative 


Literature, Chapman University, 1 University Dr., Orange, CA 92866. 
Chapman University is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing 
career opportunities to all people, without regard to race, color, religion, 
gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status. [R] 


Georgian Court U 

English, 900 Lakewood Av Lakewood NJ 08701 

Assistant Professor of English 2680 

http://www.georgian.edu 
Georgian Court University, located in Ocean County, NJ, seeks an experienced 
candidate for a full-time tenure track position beginning Fall 2005. Generalist 


with experience teaching composition and survey courses in American and/or 
World Literature. 
Responsibilities: Teach four courses per semester; advise and mentor students; 


participate in university-wide committees; teach in diverse delivery modes; assist 
in department sponsored student publications and/or organizations; and engage 
in research. 


Qualifications: Doctorate in English; college/university level teaching experience; 
record of published research preferred; demonstated commitment to undergraduate 
education; and experience teaching in diverse delivery methods 
preferred (online, accelerated, internet classroom preferred). 


Please send 2 copies each of cover letter, resume, unofficial transcript, and recent 
letters of recommendation from three professional references with contact information 
to: Georgian Court University, APEng Search Committee, Office of 
Human Resources, 900 Lakewood Ave., Lakewood, NJ 08701-2697. Review of 
applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. AA/ 
EO Employer 


Los Angeles City C 

English, ESL & Ling, 855 N Vermont Av Los Angeles CA 90029 

English Instructor 2686 

http://www.lacitycollege.edu/ 
Los Angeles City College announces a tenure track English instructor position 
The successful applicant will be required to teach 12 hours per week in courses 
ranging from basic composition to literature and upper level writing classes, and 
to perform additional duties as determined by the English Department to fulfill 
the 30-hour/week assignment as specified by the current Labor Contract. We 
are looking for energetic, effective teachers eager to help students at all levels to 
develop the skills essential for truly educated: to read perceptively, write and 
speak clearly, and think analytically. Desirable qualifications include evidence of 
ability to teach any course in dept. curriculum effectively, recency in community 
college teaching experience, experience or interest in working on department 
and campus committees, experience with computers and on-line teaching, and 
qualification to teach ESL (preferred but not required). 

SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2005 


Marymount C of Fordham U 

English, 100 Marymount Av Tarrytown NY 10591 

Assistant Professor of English 2736 

One year appointment beginning September 2005 for Instructor or Assistant 
Professor to coordinate Journalism program. Four course teaching load per semester 
will include journalism and composition classes. Strong journalism experience 
essential. PhD preferred. Send letter of application and CV to Patricia 
Silber, Chair, Department of English, Marymount College of Fordham University, 
Box 1312, Tarrytown, NY, 10591. Application will be acknowledged by letter. 
Deadline July 15, 2005. 

Montclair SU 

English, Montclair NJ 07043 

Half-time Instructor 2724 

http://english.montclair.edu 
The English Department invites applications for half-time instructors to teach in 
the first year writing program (Introduction to Writing, College Writing I: Intellectual 
Prose, and College Writing II: Writing and Literary Study). We seek 
candidates who are recent Ph.D. (within three years), MFA (within three years) 
or ABD (registered for thesis writing) who have experience in and a demonstrated 
commitment to the teaching of writing to undergraduates. The teaching 
load is 2/2. Starting Date September 1, 2005 for the academic year 05–06. 
These are one-year, part-time appointments with a possible second year renewal. 

Salary is $21,500 for PhD or $17,750 for MFA or ABD (based on the MSU 
salary guide) and subject to available funding. 
Please send curriculum vitae, letters of support from three people familiar with 

your teaching, and a cover letter describing your teaching experience and interests. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until positions 
are filled. 

Apply to Dr. Larry Schwartz, Chair, English Department, HT 05, Montclair 
State University, Upper Montclair, NJ 07043. Montclair State University is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution. 

Quincy U 

Lang & Lit Progs, 1800 College Av Quincy IL 62301 

Assistant Professor of English 2559 

http://www.quincy.edu 
Quincy University invites applications for a sabbatical replacement position, Assistant 
Professor of English, to begin August, 2005. Possibility this position could 
become a tenure track position in 2006–2007. Candidates should have proven expertise 
in current composition theory and pedagogy, including experience with 
computer-assisted instruction. Demonstrated interest in teaching at a range of levels 
from developmental through advanced is essential. Teaching responsibility of 
4/4 includes introductory writing and literature courses and upper-level courses. 
Qualifications include Ph.D. (by August, 2005) and evidence of teaching excellence. 
Send letter of application, vita, official transcripts, and three letters of professional 
recommendation to: Dr. David Schachtsiek, Vice President of Academic 
Affairs, Quincy University, 1800 College Avenue, Quincy, IL 62301. EOE. [R] 

Smith C 

English, Seelye Hall Northampton MA 01063 

Director of the Jacobson Center for Writing, Teaching, and Learning 2719 

http://www.smith.edu 
Smith College invites applications and nominations for the position of Director of 
the Jacobson Center for Writing, Teaching, and Learning. The director will be ex


pected to provide dynamic leadership for this well-established Center and to ensure 
its visibility on campus and its connections to faculty members across disciplines. 
Responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Jacobson Center, as well as 

long-term strategic planning, the director serves as administrative director of the 
Jacobson Center, overseeing and working closely with staff specialists in writing, 
quantitative skills, and tutoring; prioritizes resources and maintains budget oversight; 
assists with and connect Center to academic initiatives on campus as determined 
by Committee on Academic Priorities and the Provost's Office; initiates, 

leads, and participates in faculty development efforts under the direction of the 
Office of the Provost and the Associate Dean of the Faculty; represents Center at 
appropriate College events and connect Center to faculty members and campus 
offices in order to ensure visibility and effectiveness of Center; contributes to 
writing counseling and/or other direct involvement in the work of the Center as 
appropriate; establishes and articulates longer-term goals of Center and plans and 
implements new initiatives as appropriate; teaches two courses per year, in writing 
or other areas appropriate to mission of the Center. 

A Ph.D. or terminal degree in English, writing pedagogy, or related field, administrative 
experience in higher education preferred. College-level teaching experience 
in writing or other area appropriate to mission of the Center, preferably in 
liberal arts environment. The ability to effectively and efficiently develop and execute 
several key projects simultaneously. Must be able to work independently, 
have strong organizational and planning skills, excellent writing and oral communication 
skills, strong analytical and research skills and computer expertise including 
familiarity with MS Office suite. Excellent interpersonal skills, and be 
able to effectively interact with people of all backgrounds; ability to use sound 
judgment, creativity and vision. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until position is 
filled. Submit a cover letter, resume and the names of three references to: Jacobson 
Director Search, Smith College, Office of the Provost, Box 2160, 27 College 
Hall, Northampton, MA 01063. Smith College is an equal opportunity 
employer encouraging excellence through diversity. [R] 

Southern Polytechnic SU 

Humanities & Tech Communication, 1100 S Marietta Pky Marietta GA 
30060 

Assistant Professor, Composition 

http://www.spsu.edu/htc 
Fall 2005. Search continuing for tenure-track assistant professor in composition. 
Required: Ph.D. in English or related field in hand by August 15, 2005. Responsibilities: 
teaching primarily composition (4/4 load), service, scholarship, and 
professional development. Preference given to candidates with (1) knowledge of 
current composition pedagogy and theory, (2) experience teaching composition, 

(3) experience in computer-mediated instruction. Possible teaching in literature, 
speech, drama and/or technical communication. The campus interview includes 
a teaching demonstration. 
Southern Polytechnic State University, in north metro-Atlanta, is a unit of the 
University System of Georgia. The department offers B.S., B.A., and M.S. degrees 
and a graduate certificate in technical communication. SPSU is an affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

For preliminary screening, submit (1) letter of application, (2) resume, (3) three 
current letters of reference, and (4) graduate transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable). 
Review begins immediately and continues until position is filled. See web 
page: www.spsu.edu/htc/WritingCorner/index.htm 

Send materials to: Dr. Kenneth T. Rainey, Chair, Humanities/Technical 
Communication. Southern Polytechnic State University. 1100 S. Marietta 
Parkway, Marietta, GA 30060-2896 [R] 

Tusculum C 

English, PO Box 5077 Greeneville TN 37743 

Assistant Professor of English/Journalism 

http://www.tusculum.edu 
Position available at Tusculum College August 2005 to coordinate print journalism 
minor, advise student newspaper, and teach composition, lower and upper 
division courses in basic newswriting, specialized journalism and nonfiction markets. 
Experience with and aptitude for teaching freshman composition expected; 
experience with screenwriting and broadcast writing desirable, with the possibility 
of teaching other writing courses such as creative writing fiction or poetry. 
PhD or MFA with professional print journalism experience preferred. MA with 
professional print journalism experience considered. Submit letter of application, 
vita, graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Writing Search 
Committee, Tusculum College, P.O. Box 5093, Greeneville TN 37743. Minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. Review of applications will begin imme-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


diately and will continue until the position is filled. See www.tusculum.edu for 
detailed information about the College's distinctive Civic Arts mission. [R] 

U of Dubuque 

English, 2000 University Av Dubuque IA 52001 

Teaching Specialist/Writing Center Director 2562 

http://www.dbq.edu 
The University of Dubuque invites applications for a Teaching Specialist in English, 
to teach introductory courses in English and direct the Writing Center. 
The Writing Center Director supervises tutors and serves as a liaison between 
the composition faculty and the writing center. Experience teaching college 
composition required; Writing Center, WAC, or WID experience preferred. 
Position includes teaching 15 hours per year and advising students. Minimal 
qualifications are a Master's degree in English, rhetoric and composition, or a related 
field and two years' university teaching experience; terminal degree and additional 
experience desirable. Teaching Specialist Faculty are full-time, renewable 
term faculty who focus specifically on teaching and advising. Salary $28,000 to 
$37,000, depending on qualifications, plus full benefits.Send letter of application, 
vita, teaching portfolio, and three letters of reference to English Search Committee, 
c/o Ms. Rima Britt, University of Dubuque, 2000 University Avenue, 
Dubuque, Iowa 52001. Review of applications will begin immediately. The 
University of Dubuque is a small, private university affiliated with the Presbyterian 
Church (USA), committed to excellence in academic inquiry and professional 
preparation; relationships that encourage intellectual, spiritual, and moral 
development; and community where diversity is appreciated and Christian love 
is practiced. [R] 

U of Dubuque 

English, 2000 University Av Dubuque IA 52001 

Teaching Specialist in English 2561 

http://www.dbq.edu 
The University of Dubuque invites applications for a Teaching Specialist in English, 
to begin August, 2005. The successful candidate will have a commitment 
to teaching excellence, experience in teaching composition and introductory literature 
courses, and a record of success in teaching general education courses. 
Teaching Specialist Faculty (TSF) are full-time, term (rather than tenure-track) 
faculty who focus specifically on teaching and advising. The load consists of 
teaching 15 hours per semester and advising 6–15 students. Minimal qualifications 
are a Master's degree in English, rhetoric and composition, or a related field 
and two years' university teaching experience; terminal degree and additional experience 
are desirable. Experience teaching composition, introduction to litera


ture, and developmental reading/writing is preferred. Salary $28,000 to $37,000, 
depending on qualifications, plus full benefits. 
Send letter of application, vita, teaching portfolio, and three letters of reference 


to English Search Committee, c/o Ms. Rima Britt, University of Dubuque, 
2000 University Avenue, Dubuque, Iowa 52001. Include a one-page statement 
of teaching philosophy, two examples of syllabi, and two examples of assignments 
that generated creative learning for students. The University of Dubuque is a 
small, private university affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA). We are 
committed to excellence in academic inquiry and professional preparation; relationships 
that encourage intellectual, spiritual, and moral development; and 
community where diversity is appreciated and Christian love is practiced. [R] 


U of Oklahoma 

Expository Writing Program, 401 W Brooks St Bizzell Library Rm 4 
Norman OK 73019 

Lecturer 2732 

Freshman Writing Seminars 
The Expository Writing Program at OU announces two lectureships for 
2005–2006. Lecturers will design a topic-based course in the academic essay and 
will teach two classes of 14–16 students per semester. Contracts are for one year, 
renewable for five years, with the possibility of a two-year extension. Starting 
salary for the 2005–2006 year is $36,000. Preference will be given to candidates 
who have college teaching experience and demonstrate a lively interest in issues 
of pedagogy. All disciplines are welcome; applicants should have a Ph.D. or 

M.F.A. degree. Applicants should send a CV (including contact information for 
references) along with a cover letter describing what they think are the most important 
skills for students to learn to: David Long, Director of Expository Writing, 
University of Oklahoma, 401 W. Brooks St., Bizzell Library, Room 4, 
Norman OK 73019-2121. The search will remain open until the positions are 
filled. All applications will be acknowledged. The University of Oklahoma is an 
Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. [R] 
U of Wisconsin-Stevens Point 

English, Stevens Point WI 54481 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English (Technical Writing/Expository Writing) 
2737 

http://www.uwsp.edu/english/ 
One-year temporary position, starting August 2005. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. Assignment 
may include beginning/advanced technical writing, business writing, or expository 
writing, depending on scheduling needs. Ph.D. preferred. We are looking 
for outstanding teaching, a strong commitment to undergraduate education, and 
awareness of the importance of diversity in education. Competitive salary dependent 
on experience. Send letter of application and curriculum vita to Michael 
Williams, Chair, Department of English, University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, 
Stevens Point, WI 54481. Applications will be accepted until the position is 
filled. The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point is committed to diversity in 
education and strongly encourages applications from female and minority candidates. 
Position contingent upon final budgetary approval. [R] 

Utica C 

English, 1600 Burrstone Rd Utica NY 13502 

Assistant Professor of English 2654 

SEARCH EXTENDED. Assistant professor of English (tenure track) to begin 
August 2005. We are looking for a specialist in Composition & Rhetoric to 
teach a variety of writing courses from developmental to advanced. 4/4 load may 
include introductory literature courses. Experience and interest in Writingacross-
the Curriculum, English as a Second Language, or Writing Center issues 
highly desirable. Doctorate in hand by August 15, 2005 req. Our first priority is 
teaching, but professional accomplishment & service are also expected. Send letter 
of application & cv to Dr. Lawrence Aaronson, Dean of Arts & Sciences, 
Utica College, Drawer 352M, 1600 Burrstone Rd., Utica, NY 13502. Review 
of applicants will continue until position is filled. Previous candidates need not 
reapply as their applications will automatically be reconsidered. AA/EOE 

Utica C 

English, 1600 Burrstone Rd Utica NY 13502 

Assistant Professor of English-Creative Writing 2608 

http://www.utica.edu 
Assistant Professor of English (tenure track) beginning August 1, 2005. Active 
undergraduate program seeks a published poet to teach courses in creative writing, 
Forms and Art of Poetry, and Contemporary American Poetry. 4/4 load, 
50% in composition. Opportunity to supervise established literary magazine. 
Possibility of graduate teaching. Doctorate preferred, MFA considered. Advanced 
degree in hand by August 2005 required. Send letter of application and 
cv to Dr. Lawrence Aaronson, Dean, Division of Arts & Sciences. Utica College, 
Drawer 350M, 1600 Burrstone Rd., Utica, NY 13502. Review of applications 
begins immediately and continues until the position is filled. AA/EOE 

William Paterson U 

English, 300 Pompton Rd Wayne NJ 07470 

Assistant Professor of English 2566 

http://www.wpunj.edu 
Assistant Professor of English with a specialization in African American literature. 
Tenure track. Ph.D. preferred, advanced ABD considered. Candidate who can 
teach introductory survey and specialized courses in World Literature preferred. 
Teaching experience required; publications desirable. Send letter, CV, and three 
letters of recommendation to Donna Perry, Chair, Department of English, 


SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2005 


William Paterson University, 300 Pompton Road, Wayne, NJ 07470. Tel: 973 
720-2254. Email for inquiries only: perryd@wpunj.edu. [R] 

Woodbury U 

English & For Lang, 7500 Glenoaks Blvd Burbank CA 91510 

Assistant Professor in Writing 2649 

http://www.woodbury.edu 
The school of Arts & Sciences invites candidates to apply for a fulltime position to 
teach all levels of composition. The workload includes: teaching four courses per 
semester for a total of eight per year, advising, and serving on committees. The 
candidate must have two to four years of total teaching experience; demonstrate 
interest in teaching writing-intensive interdisciplinary courses and have experience 
in writing centers or in programs with writing in the disciplines (WID) or 
writing across the curriculum (WAC). Candidate must have a Ph.D. in liberal arts 
discipline and have evidence of training in writing (graduate education in writing). 
Interested persons should send a letter of application, current cv, three letters 
of recommendation, writing sample; teaching philosophy and transcripts (unofficial 
acceptable for application) to: Patricia Hess, HR Dept.; Woodbury University 
7500 Glenoaks Blvd.; Burbank, CA 91510-7846. Electronic submissions 
welcome: pat.hess@woodbury.edu. Initial review of applications will begin in 
April and continue until the position is filled. Woodbury University is an EEO/ 
AA institution committed to multicultural diversity in its peoples and programs. 

Woodbury U 

English & For Lang, 7500 Glenoaks Blvd Burbank CA 91510 

Assoc.Professor & Director of the Writing Center 2648 

http://www.woodbury.edu 
Woodbury University welcomes applications for an associate professor in com


position. The position includes a half-time appointment as the director of the 
newly created writing center. 
Responsibilities for the directorship include establishing the writing center; as


sisting faculty in designing discipline-specific writing courses; conducting workshops 
to enhance University-wide initiatives to increase writing across the 
curriculum (WAC) and in the disciplines (WID) at the undergraduate and graduate 
level; managing a peer and professional tutoring staff and coordinating activities 
with the Learning Resources Center. Faculty responsibilities include 
teaching two courses per semester, maintaining professional development and 
scholarship activities, academic advising and involvement on faculty and University 
committees. Successful candidates will hold a doctorate in composition or a 
closely related field; have experience administering a broad-based writing program; 
demonstrate teaching excellence; evidence of scholarship and strong interdisciplinary 
interests. Experience with diverse student populations with a wide 
range of preparedness for college-level writing is desirable. Interested persons 
should send a letter of application, current cv, three letters of recommendation, a 
WAC and WID philosophy statement; teaching philosophy and transcripts (unofficial 
acceptable for application), to: Patricia Hess, HR Dept.; Woodbury University; 
7500 Glenoaks Blvd.; Burbank, CA 91510-7846. Electronic submissions 
welcome: pat.hess@woodbury.edu. Initial review of applications will begin in 
April and continue until the position is filled. Woodbury University is an EEO/ 
AA institution committed to multicultural diversity in its peoples and programs. 