Summer Supplement 2006

MLA Job Information List

The Job Information Service received the following listings in English and foreign languages after the April List went to press. Subscribers to the List may use the form 
enclosed to renew their subscriptions for 2006–07. Subscribers may want to determine if their departments are members of ADE or ADFL. Departments that become 
paid members of ADE or ADFL for 2006–07 will be able to grant their graduate students and faculty members free access to the 2006–07 online List. ADE- and 
ADFL-member departments also receive print versions of the List. For additional copies of the subscription form, please write to the Job Information Service, MLA, 
26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, NY 10004-1789.

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy.

J

I

L

A

M

L

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1

English Listings

Brandeis U

English & Amer Lit, PO Box 549110, 415 South St Waltham MA 02454

Fiction Writer and Associate Director of Creative Writing Program 2539

http://www.
brandeis.edu/departments/
english

Brandeis University seeks experienced fiction writer and teacher with 
substantial publications to join the faculty of a distinguished undergraduate 
creative writing program as Fiction Writer and Associate Director. 
The position is half-time, within the tenure structure, at the rank of either 
Assistant or Associate Professor, beginning in the Fall of 2007. Responsibilities 
include advising, thesis direction, active membership in the 
Creative Writing Committee, and the teaching of two courses, usually 
one per semester. At least one course will be a workshop for advanced undergraduates; 
classes may include graduate students from our Ph.D. program 
in English and American literature.

Details of the Creative Writing Program and Major may be found online 
at: http://www.
brandeis.edu/departments/
english/creativewriting_
brochure.html and http://www.
brandeis.edu/departments/
english/
creativewriting/
overview.html

Please send a C.V., teaching statement, and the names of three recommenders 
to Olga Broumas, Director, Creative Writing, MS023, Brandeis 
University, Waltham, MA 02454-9110. First consideration will be given 
to applications postmarked by August 15, 2006.

Brandeis University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to 
building a culturally diverse intellectual community, and strongly encourages 
applications from women and minorities. [R]

California SU, Bakersfield

English, 9001 Stockdale Hwy Bakersfield CA 93311

Lecturer in Linguistics 2566

http://www.
csub.edu/english


The Department of English seeks a Ph.D. in Linguistics who is qualified 
to teach courses in general linguistics, including the structure of English, 
sociolinguistics and syntax. The successful candidate will teach up to 
nine courses, graduate and undergraduate, including composition, over 
three quarter terms, and may be asked to teach occasionally at our satellite 
campus in Lancaster and via Instructional Television. Completed Ph.D. 
required at time of appointment. The position is non-tenure-track and 
begins in fall 2006. Please send letter of application, vita, and three letters 
of recommendation to Sophia Adjaye, Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, Bakersfield, 9001 Stockdale Highway, Bakersfield, 
California 93311. Application deadline: Open until filled.

CSUB fosters and appreciates ethnic and cultural diversity among its faculty 
and students and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty 
to reflect the diversity of the campus community. Applications from 
women, ethnic minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are 
especially welcome. [R]

Hampton U

English, East Queen St Hampton VA 23668

Assistant Professor of English 2638

http://hamptonu.
edu

Assistant Professor of English to teach first year writing and upper division 
courses in rhetoric and composition and/or 
linguistics. Temporary 
annual w/possibility 
of conversion to tenure-track. Prefer doctorate 
in hand (ABD considered) with a clearly defined area of specialization 
in rhetoric and composition and secondary specialization in linguistics, 
discourse analysis, or professional/technical 
writing. Experience teaching 
first year writing is required. The teaching load is twelve hours and 
normally includes one or more composition courses, as well as research/
grantsmanship 
and service. Salary open. Initial inquiry should be sent 
ASAP but no later than June 30 and include detailed resume with cover 
letter. Non-US citizens must also include emigration status. Receipt acknowledged 
immediately. Finalists will then be invited to submit a full 
application. Please address Faculty Search Committee, Department of 
English, Hampton University, Hampton, Virginia 23668. Hampton University 
is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Hardin-Simmons U

Lit & Langs, 2200 Hickory, Box 16035 Abilene TX 79698

Assistant Professor of English 2627

http://www.
hsutx.edu/admin/
hr/pro/
pro_fac.htm

Hardin-Simmons University (HSU), an institution affiliated with the 
Baptist General Convention of Texas, seeks Assistant Professor of English, 
tenure track, 4/4. 
Shakespeare, Rhetoric/Composition 
a plus. Set to 
begin Fall 2007, applicants must be ABD by May 07. Founded in 1981, 
HSU has approximately 2,450 students. HSU and the Cynthia Ann 
Parker College of Liberal Arts are committed to higher education taught 
from the perspective of the Christian worldview. Send cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, philosophy of teaching in a Christian context, three letters 
of reference from within the profession, and evidence of quality teaching 
to: Laura Pogue, Chair/Department 
of Literature & Languages/HSU 
Box 
16035/Abilene, 
TX 79698. Electronic submission of materials encouraged: 
lpogue@hsutx.edu. Deadline for application: November 1st. See 
http://www.
hsutx.edu/admin/
hr/pro/
pro_fac.htm. [R]



SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2006

Manhattan C

English, 4513 Manhattan College Pky Riverdale NY 10471

Visiting Instructor/Assistant 
Professor of Composition 2648

http://www.
manhattan.edu

One-year position, starting August 28, for a Visiting Instructor or Assistant 
Professor for 2006–2007. This position, at present, is not renewable. 
4/3 
teaching load in composition courses. The successful candidate 
will be an ABD (in the final stages) or preferably have earned a Ph.D. 
in Composition or Rhetoric (please, no other specialities will be considered). 
Candidate should have experience teaching freshman composition. 
Business writing, ESL backgrounds are a plus. Send letter and curriculum 
vitae to Dr. Daniel Collins, Director of Writing, English Department, 
Manhattan College, 4513 Manhattan College Parkway, Riverdale, NY 
10471. Or email materials to: daniel.collins@manhattan.edu. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. EO/AA/
F/D/
V. Manhattan College, 
located in the Riverdale section of the Bronx, is an independent Catholic 
coeducational institution in the LaSallian tradition. We expect our faculty, 
administration, and staff to be knowledgeable about our mission and 
to make a positive contribution to that mission.

New C of Florida

Humanities, 5700 N Tamiami Trail Sarasota FL 34243

Visiting Instructor/Assistant 
Professor of British and 
American Literature 2502

http://www.
ncf.edu

One-year replacement appointment in British and American literature 
with special emphasis on poetry beginning August 2006. Broad teaching 
competence in English-language poetry required. Research area open to 
both British and/or 
American, modern and/or 
earlier periods. Specialization 
in African American, African diasporic, or multiethnic poetry particularly 
desirable.

Teaching load four courses per year (2/semester, 
no summer session).

Candidate will also have the opportunity to supervise tutorials, sponsor 
independent study projects, and may direct senior theses when appropriate. 
New College is an innovative public liberal arts Honors college.

Candidates should demonstrate an engagement with research, a commitment 
to teaching undergraduates, and have an interest in contributing to 
a program in Literature that includes Classics, French, German, Russian, 
and Spanish in addition to British and American literature. Ph.D. in hand 
or dissertation completed by the date of appointment preferred. Salary 
competitive.

Send letter of application, dossier (three letters of reference, official transcripts 
of graduate work, CV), and descriptions of two proposed courses 
to Dr. Maribeth Clark, Chair, Division of Humanities, New College, 
5700 N. Tamiami Trail, Sarasota, FL 34243-2197. We especially welcome 
descriptions for courses that are varied and imaginative as well as intellectually 
challenging. Candidates who are scholar-poets may choose to 
include descriptions for courses combining the reading and writing of 
poetry. Position open until filled, but review of applications will begin 
April 1, 2006.

For disability accommodations, contact the Chair a minimum of five (5) 
days in advance @ (941) 359-4360. EOE/AA/
ADA/WMA. 
Website: 
www.ncf.edu [R]

North Carolina Wesleyan C

English, 3400 N. Wesleyan Boulevard, Rocky Mount, NC 27804

Assistant Professor/Instructor 
of English 2660

North Carolina Wesleyan College invites applications for two full-time 
faculty positions in the Humanities Division:

English. Tenure-track, Assistant Professor, Ph.D. in English or Composition/
Rhetoric; 
specialization open.

English. Instructor (non-tenure track). M.A. in English; specialization 
open. Possibility of reappointment for up to four years.

The College teaching load is 12 hours/semester, 
of which at least 75% 
will be freshman composition. NC Wesleyan is a four-year liberal arts and 
professional/career 
oriented institution serving 1,800 students in traditional 
and adult degree programs. The College is committed to providing 
excellent teaching and personal attention to all its students.

To apply, send a letter of application; curriculum vitae; copies of academic 
transcripts; names, addresses, email/telephone 
numbers of three references 
to Mr. Darrell Whitley, Director of Human Resources, North Carolina 
Wesleyan College, 3400 N. Wesleyan Boulevard, Rocky Mount, 
NC 27804. For questions about the positions, contact Dean Jim Traer, 
jftraer@ncwc.edu, 252-985-5129. Review of applications begins immediately. 
EOE.

North Georgia C & SU

Lang & Lit, 100 College Cir Dahlonega GA 30597

Assistant Professor of English, Rhetoric & Composition/Director 
of 
Writing Center 2589

http://www.
ngcsu.edu/adminsrv/
hr/facultypositions.
htm

North Georgia College & State University invites applications for a one-
year position, with the possibility of becoming a tenure-track position at 
the Assistant Professor level, beginning August 2006. Ph.D. preferred, but 
ABD applicants considered at the Instructor level. A background in Rhetoric 
& Composition is required; experience with Writing Centers is preferred, 
World Literature desired. Teaching experience is required, with an 
expectation of continued scholarship and service to the university.

Duties: Teaching courses in first-year composition, as well as upper-level 
writing, and directing the Writing Center. Teaching load is 3/3. 
One 
course in the fall semester will be a 2-hour training class for Writing Center 
tutors.

NGCSU, the Leadership Institution of Georgia, is a liberal arts institution 
founded in 1873. Located in the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Chattahoochee 
National Forest, Dahlonega, Georgia is only one hour north 
of Atlanta. U.S. News & World Report’s America’s Best Colleges 2005 
ranks NGCSU as No. 13 in the South among peer public universities.

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until position 
is filled. Please send letter of application, curriculum vita, and three 
letters of recommendation to: Dept. of Human Resources, Attn: Assistant 
Professor of English, Rhetoric & Composition/Director 
of Writing 
Center, North Georgia College & State University, 82 College Circle, 
Dahlonega, GA 30597 [R]

Northwestern SU of Louisiana

Language & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Drive, NSU Box 5247 
Natchitoches LA 71497

Assistant Professor of English 2617

http://www.
nsula.edu/langcomm


Tenure-track assistant professor in English beginning Fall 2006. We seek 
a compositionist with specialization in technical writing. Duties will include 
teaching technical and professional writing, composition, computers 
and composition, document design, and possibly, working with the 
National Writing Project. Record of high quality teaching at the university 
level, established research agenda, and Ph.D. required; ABD candidates 
with scheduled defense dates will be considered. Please submit 
letter of application, CV, three letters of reference, and official transcripts 
to Dr. Lisa Abney, Acting Department Head, Department of Language 
and Communication, Northwestern State University, NSU Box 5247, 
Natchitoches, LA 71497. Northwestern State University of Louisiana is 
an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, 
and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Northwestern SU of Louisiana

Language & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Drive, NSU Box 5247 
Natchitoches LA 71497

Assistant Professor of English 2618

http://www.
nsula.edu/langcomm


Tenure-track assistant professor in English beginning Fall 2006. We seek 
an Americanist/generalist 
with experience in both early and contemporary 
American literature. Background in multi-cultural literature useful. 
Duties will include teaching sophomore literature surveys, courses in 
the English major and graduate courses. Record of high quality teaching 
at the university level, established research agenda, and Ph.D. required; 
ABD candidates will be considered. Please submit letter of application, 
CV, three letters of reference, and official transcripts to Dr. Lisa Abney, 
Acting Department Head, Department of Language and Communication, 
Northwestern State University, NSU Box 5247, Natchitoches, LA 
71497. Northwestern State University of Louisiana is an Affirmative Action 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]

Princeton U

English, 22 McCosh Hall Princeton NJ 08544

Professor of English 2596

Full Professor. Medieval. Distinguished scholar at the senior level, with a 
demonstrated record of excellence in teaching and research. Expected to 
teach and advise across the range of English and continental medieval literature, 
with particular interests in Chaucer, the history of philosophy, and 
literary theory. Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications. 
By September 1, 2006, please send a letter of application, a curriculum 
vitae, and the names of at least three references to D. Vance Smith, Chair of 
Search Committee, English Department, Princeton University, Princeton, 
N.J. 08544. Princeton University is an EOE/AA 
employer. 
Women and 
minority candidates are especially encouraged to apply. For information 
about applying to Princeton University and how to self-identify, 
please link 
to http://web.
princeton.edu/sites/
dof/ApplicantsInfo.
htm.

San Diego SU

English & Comp Lit, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182

Poet-Open Rank 2494

http://www-
rohan.sdsu.edu/dept/
english/engl.
html

Tenure-track specialist in poetry with distinguished teaching experience 
and publications, with expertise in one or more areas of creative writing: 
program development and administration; literary publishing; fiction. 
Ph.D. or M.F.A. preferred. The successful candidate should have significant 
experience in teaching poetry, as well as other genres of creative 
writing and literature. Applicant should be a well-published writer, with 
at least two volumes of poetry, who has a deep commitment to teaching 
and writing, as well as experience in program development, program 
administration, and/or 
editing, and one who sees these responsibilities as 
complementary rather than competing activities. Teaching experience 
should include creative writing workshops, form and theory seminars, and 
literature classes. Administrative and editorial experience can be varied, 
but the successful candidate should be prepared to work toward assuming 
either the directorship of the MFA program and/ or the editorship of an 
international poetry journal.

Demonstrated commitment to working with diverse student population 
required. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Send applications to include application letter and CV to Sherry Burgus 
Little, Chair, Department of English and Comparative Literature, San 
Diego State University, 5500 Campanile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-
8140. Explain in application letter how expertise in relevant areas is 
demonstrated by teaching experience, publications, and/or 
dissertation. 
Review of applications will begin October 17, 2005, continuing until position 
is filled. We particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of 
the university and its surrounding urban community.

SDSU is a Title IX, Equal Opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate 
against individuals on the basis of race, religion, national origin, 
sexual orientation, gender, marital status, age disability or veteran status, 
including veteran of the Vietnam era. [R]

Sungkyunkwan U

English, 53 Myungryun-dong, 3 ga Jongno-ku Seoul 110–745 Korea

Rank Open Tenure-Track Faculty Position in English Literature 2656

http://www.
skku.edu

Field(s): English Literature

Application Deadline: September 1, 2006

Job Description: The Department of English Language & Literature at 
Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul, Korea invites applications for a tenure-
track faculty position in English Literature (rank open). The position 
begins on March 1, 2007.

Duties include (a) Teaching five courses per year in English literature at 
both undergraduate and graduate levels; (b) Directing thesis and dissertation 
research; (c) Conducting original research and publication; (d) Advising 
undergraduate and graduate students; (e) Performing departmental 
and institutional service.

Requirements include: (a) The Ph.D., awarded no later than June 2006; 
(b) Excellence or potential for excellence as a teacher, researcher, and advisor; 
(c) Native or near-native fluency in English

Interested persons should email a letter of application and curriculum 
vitae to: Il-Yeong Kim, Chair, Department of English Language & Literature, 
Sungkyunkwan University, 53 Myungryun-dong, 3 ga, Jongro-ku, 
Seoul 110–745, Korea

Email: soyafop@hanmail.net

Phone: 82–2-760-0267

Fax: 82–2-760-0247

Applicants should also send a letter, CV, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of past teaching performance, a list of courses prepared to teach, 
and sample published or other written work to the above address.

The deadline for receipt of all application materials is September 1, 2006. 
Interview is scheduled to take place at the Seoul campus of Sungkyunkwan 
University in October 2006; Finalists will be notified on further details 
about the interview.

Sungkyunkwan University is an equal opportunity employer. 
For details 
about the university visit http://www.
skku.edu. (Sungkyunkwan University 
is one of the top level research universities in Korea which is run 
by SAMSUNG. It is located at the heart of the dynamic, multi-cultural 
downtown of Seoul.)

Salary: The starting salary is $50,000 per year and is negotiable depending 
on the previous experience; The University also provides free on-
campus housing within the International House for the first two years of 
appointment.


Tulane U

English, 6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118

Post Doctoral Teaching Fellowship 2458

http://www.
tulane.edu/~writing

The University Writing Program at Tulane seeks to appoint a number of 
post-doctoral teaching fellowships for Fall 2006. Field open, but Ph.D. in 
any humanities discipline required before term begins. Strongest candidates 
will have experience teaching composition and an interest in service-
learning commensurate with Tulane’s role in the cultural revival of 
New Orleans. Teaching load: three writing courses per semester, focused 
on a theme of the teacher’s choice. Additional duties include six hours 
per week tutoring in the Writing Center and active participation in ongoing 
discussions of pedagogy. Three year contract, pending successful, 



annual review, renewable for an additional and terminal two years. Salary: 
$35,000. For more information on the University Writing Program 
at Tulane, please visit www.tulane.edu/~writing/.

Please submit a letter-of-application and a CV with the names of three 
references electronically to uwp@tulane.edu. Review of applications will 
begin immediately and continue until all positions filled. Tulane University 
does not discriminate on the basis of age, nor on the basis of racial, 
sexual, religious, or national identity, nor on the basis of marital or military 
status.

U of Alabama at Birmingham

English, 900 S 13th St, 217 Hum Bldg Birmingham AL 35294

English Instructor or Assistant Professor 2469

http://uab.
edu

Non-tenure-track, full-time positions, 9-month contract, beginning 
August 15, 2006, with possibility of renewal. Experience teaching freshman 
composition and sophomore literature survey courses required. Experience 
and interest in teaching on-line or CAI courses preferred. Our 
40+ member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a nationally 
ranked teaching and research urban university of 17,000 students. 4/
4-
course load. Masters degree in English required for instructorships. 
Terminal degree required for Assistant Professor rank. Send letter, official 
transcripts, c.v., and 3 recent letters of recommendation to Search 
Committee, English Department, University of Alabama at Birmingham, 
Birmingham, AL 35294-1260. Review of applications begins April 1 
and continues until positions are filled. Visit us at www.uab.edu/english. 
UAB is an EO/AA 
employer 
and actively seeks applications from women 
and minority candidates. [R]

U of Detroit Mercy

English, PO Box 19900, 4001 W McNichols Rd Detroit MI 48219

Assistant Professor of Composition/Rhetoric 
and Director of First-Year 
Writing Program 2476

http://liberalarts.
udmercy.edu/english/


Qualifications: Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric; demonstrated competence 
in integrating IT technologies into the composition classroom; 
previous experience in administering writing program preferred. Secondary 
interests in new media production, critical theory, and/or 
cultural 
studies will be welcome.

Responsibilities: As Director of the First-Year Writing program: supervise 
and mentor adjunct composition faculty; supervise and train Writing 
Center consultants; offer composition/writing 
theory workshops for faculty; 
sponsor Writing Across the Curriculum initiatives and other composition-
related ventures. Teaching load 2/2: 
two in first-year writing 
and, preferably, two others in history of English language, professional 
writing, information design, or an upper-level topics course. Health and 
pension benefits offered. Opportunities to join other faculty members in 
departmental programs such as our national, peer-reviewed journal, Post 
Identity, our program in Electronic Critique, and the Dudley Randall 
Center for Print Culture. Information about the department, programs, 
and projects available at: http://liberalarts.
udmercy.edu/english/
and 
http://www.
e-crit.com.

The University of Detroit Mercy is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer 
with a culturally diverse faculty and student body, and 
welcomes applications from persons of all races and backgrounds. The 
University of Detroit Mercy is an independent Catholic institution of 
higher education sponsored by the Religious Sisters of Mercy and the Society 
of Jesus (Jesuits).

Deadline: Application materials should include vita, names and contact 
information of references, relevant syllabi, and sample publications. All 
applications will receive immediate attention, and the search will continue 
until a suitable candidate is hired.

Dr. John Freeman, Chair, English Department, The University of Detroit 
Mercy, 4001 W. McNichols, Detroit, Michigan 48221-3038

E-mail: freemajc@udmercy.edu

Please submit a self-addressed postcard to receive an acknowledgement of 
your application. [R]

U of North Carolina

Writing Center, CB #5137 Phillips Annex Chapel Hill NC 27599

ESL Specialist in the Writing Center 2595

http://www.
unc.edu/depts/
wcweb

The Writing Center at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 
(http://www.
unc.edu/depts/
wcweb) seeks an ESL Specialist. Full-time, 
non-tenure track position in an innovative, busy center providing onsite 
and online service. The ESL specialist will design and deliver services to 
students, faculty, and staff. English, Linguistics, or a related field (Ph.D. 
preferred), ESL teaching experience at the college level or equivalent. 
Writing center experience an advantage. Demonstrated skill teaching 
English for academic purposes a plus. UNC-CH is an equal opportunity 
employer.


Applications will be accepted until position is filled. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and three references. Teaching portfolios, web 
work, or other materials that demonstrate ability are welcomed.

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer.


Kimberly Town Abels, Ph.D., Director, Writing Center, CB#5137 Phillips 
Annex, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, 
North Carolina 27599-5137

Or email applications to: kabels@email.unc.edu

Villa Julie C

English, 1525 Greenspring Valley Rd Stevenson MD 21153

Assistant Professor of English 2577

http://www.
vjc.edu

The English Department of Villa Julie College seeks applicants for a one-
year full-time position (with possibility of renewal) as Assistant Professor 
of English with a specialization in professional writing and rhetoric beginning 
in August 2006.

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English Composition and Rhetoric; experience 
teaching upper and lower division writing and technology-based writing; 
and/or 
experience in professional writing or journalism. Responsibilities 
include four courses per semester, upper and lower division composition 
and professional writing, student advising, and participation in developing 
the existing English major writing track.

Application review will begin May 22, but position will remain open until 
filled. Submit: letter of intent, curriculum vita, three professional references 
and teaching statement to: Villa Julie College, 1525 Greenspring 
Valley Road, Stevenson, MD 21153-0641, Attn: Human Resources, Fax 
443-334-2888, e-mail: per-lorr@mail.vjc.edu. EOE/M/
F/V/
D [R]