MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION 
J
JJOB 


I 
IINFORMATION 


L 
LLIST 


ENGLISH AND FOREIGN LANGUAGE EDITION ..SUMMER 2012 
CONTENTS 
English Departmental Job Listings 
US Colleges and Universities.......................................................... 1 
Canadian Institutions............................................................... 19 
Overseas Institutions ............................................................... 19 
Postdoctoral Listings ............................................................... 23 
Foreign Language Departmental Job Listings 
Foreign Language Positions (by Language) ............................................. 25 
Department Chairs and Other Administration .......................................... 51 
Linguistics and ESL................................................................. 51 
Multiple Competencies ............................................................. 53 
Postdoctoral Listings ............................................................... 57 
Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
and the Association of Departments of Foreign Languages 

Summer 2012 

E!"#$%&
D'()*+,'!+)# J-. L$%+$!"s 


Note: A n [R] 
at the end of a listing indicates that the department o!er ing this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample mater ials in accordance with M LA policy 
(w w w.m la.org/jil _jobseekers_m la). 

ALABAMA 
U of South Alabama 

English, 307 University Blvd, HUMB 240 Mobile AL 36688 

Instructor 16982 

http://www.southalabama.edu/english/ 
The University of South Alabama English Department invites applications 
for a non-tenure track (9 month) Instructor position to teach primarily 
freshman composition along with sophomore literature survey courses, 
starting August 15, 2012 (4/4 teaching load). Required: MA in English or 
related #eld and evidence of strong commitment to teaching college freshmen 
and sophomores. Send hard copies (no email copies) of vita, cover letter, 
o$cial transcripts, and three original letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Larr y Beason, Chair, Search Comm ittee, Department of English, 5991 
University Drive N., Room 240, University of South Alabama, Mobile, 
AL 36688. Review of applications will begin June 1, 2012. The University 
of South Alabama is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer. 

ARIZONA 
Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe A Z 85287 

Assistant Professor in Film and Media Studies 16849 

http://asu.edu/english 

The English Department at Ar izona State Universit y seeks an assistant 
professor in #lm and media studies to begin in August 2012. Job 10026. 
Required: The successf u l ca nd id ate must have the Ph.D.in Fil m and 

Media Studies or related discipline in hand by August 1, 2012, demonstrated 
strong commitment to teaching; a well articulated and promising 
research program; excellent record of college-level teaching appropriate 
to rank and experience mentoring undergraduate and graduate students. 

Desired: Ex per tise in one or a combination of the fol low ing: Dig ital 
Media Studies, Television Studies, Media Industr y Studies, Screenwriting, 
Documentary. 

ASU is a Research I universit y with outstanding research facilities and 
infrastructure support and is located within the rapidly growing and dynamic 
metropolitan Phoenix area. Our English department is a large and 
diverse unit of faculty committed to excellence in teaching, to new and 
exciting research, and to ongoing community outreach. Information about 
the English Department and the Film and Media Studies Program can 
be found at http://asu.edu/english and http://#lm.asu.edu/. Application 
Deadline is April 9, 2012; if not #lled, and then ever y Monday thereafter 
until the search is closed. A background check is required for employment. 

Application procedure: materials submitted must include 1) a current curriculum 
vita; 2) a letter outlining research program, teaching philosophy 
and a description of how the applicant’s experiences #t the area(s) of expertise 
listed above; and 3) the names, positions, and contact information 
of three references. 

Ap p l i c a n t s m u s t s u b m i t m a te r i a l s e l e c t r o n i c a l ly t o: h t t p s : // 


academicjobsonline.org/ajo/ASU/English. 
“A r i zon a St ate Un iver sit y is a n equ a l oppor t u n it y/af f ir mative action 
employer committed to excellence through diversity. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply.” 


https://www.asu.edu/titleIX/ 


CALIFOR NIA 
Paci!c Collegiate School 

Humanities Division, P.O. Box 1701 Santa Cruz CA 95061 

Full-time English instructor (10th-12th grade) 16969 

http://www.paci#ccollegiate.com 
Paci#c Collegiate School, a small, nationally recognized college-preparatory 
charter school in Santa Cruz, is looking to hire a full-time English 
instructor to teach English courses for students in grades 10–12. Experience 
with older students is preferred. The speci#c assignment will be determined 
at a later date; please see our website for more information about 


the English department and cur riculum (www.paci#ccollegiate.com— 
syllabi are posted on individual teacher's webpages). 
To be considered for the position, please submit a cover letter, curriculum 


vitae, college transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to the Faculty 
Dean, Tara Firenzi (tara.#renzi@pcsed.org). 


A valid California teaching credential is preferred, but not required. 
Though email applications are preferred, candidates may also send their 
applications through regular mail to 255 Swift Street, Santa Cr uz, CA 
95060. 


PCS is an equal opportunity employer. 
Please submit applications as soon as possible, even if incomplete. We are 
trying to wrap up the search by May 4th, so please do let us know of your 
interest immediately. 


Scripps C 

English, 1030 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711 

MARY ROUTT ENDOWED CHAIR OF WRITING SPRING 2013 16850 

http://www.scrippscollege.edu/ 
The Scr ipps Col lege Wr iting Prog ra m seeks a dist ing uished v isit ing 


writer for the Mary Routt Endowed Chair of Writing during the spring 
semester of 2013. 
The successfu l candid ate w il l ser ve as Mar y Routt Chair of Wr iting 


throughout the spring semester (from mid-Januar y to mid-May). Teaching 
responsibilities include one writing workshop in the area of his or her 
choice as well as a presentation of his or her work at two public events. 
We are looking for candidates with critical recognition consistent with 
a writer of national reputation; we prefer candidates who can show evidence 
of outstanding teaching ability. 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Please send a cover letter, a cv (including a list of previously delivered 
courses, workshops, and/or lectures with br ief descriptions of topics), 
three current letters of reference, a writing sample, and a sample course 
syl labus for an undergraduate writing seminar to Kimberly Drake, Director 
of the Writing Program, Scripps College, Claremont, CA 91711 
(kdrake@scrippscollege.edu). We encourage emailed applications, when 
possible. Review of applications will begin April 16, 2012. 

Scripps College is one of seven members of The Claremont Colleges consortium 
located 35 miles east of Los Angeles. In a continuing e!ort to 
build a diverse academic community and to provide equal educational and 
employment opportunities, Scripps College actively encourages applications 
from women and members of historically under-represented groups. 

FEC: Approved 3/8/2012 [R] 


U of the Paci!c 

Mod Lang & Lit, 3601 Paci/c Av Stockton CA 95211 

Director of University Writing Programs 16873 

http://www.paci#c.edu 
The University of the Paci#c in Stockton, California, is seeking a Director 
of University Writing Programs to expand upon an established Writing 
in the Disciplines Program and Student Writing Center in the context 
of university-wide learning outcomes assessment. The Director will work 
with units across the tr i-cit y campus (Stockton, Sacramento, San Fran


cisco) to strengthen the teaching, learning, and assessment of writing in 
the disciplines and across the curriculum. 
A ful l l isting of the details and responsibil ities of this position can be 


found at www1.paci#c.edu/~dtedards/director.pdf 
Application deadline is Friday, April 6. The position begins July 1, 2012. 


Salary is commensurate with experience and credentials. This is a three-
year term, renewable appointment. 
Electronic subm ission of all application materials is prefer red. See the 


PDF above for submission requirements. Questions can be sent to Douglas 
Tedards, dtedards@paci#c.edu. [R] 


COLOR ADO 
U of Colorado, Colorado Springs 

English, 1420 Austin Blu0s Pky Colorado Springs CO 80918 

Writing Center Director, Ph.D. Required 17012 

http://www.jobsatcu.com 
The University of Colorado Colorado Springs announces an opening for 
the position of Director of the Center for Excellence in Writing. Ph.D. in 
English required from an accredited college or university with expertise in 
Rhetoric and Composition, Writing Across the Curriculum, or a related 
#eld. Experience working in a professional capacity in a college/university 
resource center and experience teaching at the university/college level are 
also required. Review of applicants will begin June 1 and will continue 
until position is #lled. For full job description, application requirements, 
and to apply for this position, go to www.jobsatcu.com and refer to posting 
number 817769. The University of Colorado is an equal opportunity, 
a$rmative action employer and encourages a diversity of applicants. 

CONNECTICUT 
Yale U 

Librar y Human Resources, PO Box 208240 New Haven CT 06520 

Curator of American Literature Drama and Prose Writings 16851 

http://www.library.yale.edu/ 
Yale University Library Seeks Applications and Nominations for 
Curator of American Literature Drama and Prose Writings 

Beinecke Rare Book Library 
The Curator is one of two curators who share responsibility for the Yale 
Collection of American Literature at the Beinecke Library. Alongside and 
in collegial cooperation with a curator whose chief responsibilities reside 
with American poetry, the successful candidate for this position will focus 
on prose, drama, and performance in American Literature. The two cura


tors share responsibility for the James Weldon Johnson Collection in their 
respective areas. 
For a complete position description and application guidelines, please see: 


http://goo.gl/tpDYN 
Ya l e Un i ve r s i t y i s a n A f f i r m a t i ve A c t i o n / E q u a l O p p o r t u n i t y 
Employer [R] 


FLORIDA 
U of South Florida 

English, 4202 E Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Visiting Instructor 17024 

http://english.usf.edu 
Communication for Engineers, a junior-level course. Ph.D. in English 
or related #eld required. Candidates must have appropriate background 
and successf ul teaching exper ience. 4 – 4 teach ing assig n ment. Sa lar y 
$36K plus bene#ts for a 9-month appointment beginning August 7, 2012, 
with possible extensions for a second and a third year. Letter addressing 
quali#cations and vita required. Review of applications will begin June 4, 
2012. Position open until #lled. Apply on-line at https://employment.usf 
.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=59256. The position is listed under 
the “facult y” job categor y. The job posting title is Visiting Instr uctor-
English. According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding 
them are open to the public. For ADA accommodations, contact Nancy 
Serrano (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@usf .edu) f ive days pr ior to need. 
USF is an AA/EEO institution. [R] 


GEORGIA 
Agnes Scott C 

English, 141 E College Av Decatur GA 30030 

Assistant Professor of English and Creative Writing 

http://agnesscott.edu 
The Agnes Scott College Department of English invites applications for 
a tenure-track position at the level of assistant professor in creative writing 
with a specialization in poetry. Desirable secondary #elds include creative 
non#ction, #ction, and cross-or multi-genre work. The successful 
candidate will be expected to teach 200-and 300-level courses in poetry 
and creative writing and will participate in and help shape a strong creative 
writing program that includes a reading series, a project-based senior 
seminar, and an acclaimed Writers’ Festival going on its 42nd year. Many 
of our creative wr iting majors go on to MFAs and PhDs. The teaching 
load is 3–2, and every department member teaches one #rst-year English 
course each year and contributes occasionally to the #rst-year seminar 
program. We seek an active writer-scholar with a signi#cant and promising 
publishing record and a commitment to undergraduate liberal arts 
learning. Candidates must have the MFA or PhD in creative writing in 
hand by Aug ust, 2013. To apply send letter, CV, and three recent letters 
of recommendation to Christine Cozzens, chair of the Department 
of Eng lish through Inter folio via the M LA Job In formation List or at 
englishsearch@agnesscott.edu (electronic submissions only). Additional 
materials—including writing sample, syllabi, teaching evaluations, and of


#cial transcripts—will be solicited from selected applicants later in the hiring 
process. The deadline for receipt of applications is October 30, 2012. 
Agnes Scott College is a highly selective, independent national liberal arts 
college for women located in metropolitan Atlanta. The college is com-

SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


mitted to providing its faculty with a supportive academic environment 
that includes a balance of teaching, research, and ser vice. Excellence in 
undergraduate teaching, the establishment of an effective and sustainable 
research program, and service to the department and the college are 
necessar y for tenure and promotion. Suppor t for facult y development 
includes travel funding, a one-semester research leave at full pay after 
successful completion of the third-year review, a post-tenure sabbatical 
program, and the opportunity to apply for many internal professional development 
awards. Agnes Scott College enrolls a socially and economically 
diverse student body, and has a strong commitment to diversity. The 
College urges members of underrepresented groups to apply. EOE [R] 


Augusta SU 

English & For Langs, 2500 Walton Way Aug usta GA 30904 

English Studies Lecturer 17043 

http://e%dept.aug.edu/ 
The Department of English and Foreign Languages seeks a full-time lecturer 
in English Studies beginning Fall 2013. Appointment annual and 
renewable. M.A. in English with a concentration in Composition and 
Rhetoric required; Ph.D. preferred. The successful applicant must demonstrate 
excellence in teaching freshman-level writing, reading, and research. 
Experience teaching technical writing, grant writing, writing in a 
service-learning environment, persuasive writing, advanced composition 
and/or middle-grades writing pedagogy is desirable. ASU is committed 
to excellence through diversity in our student body and faculty, and thus 
strongly encourages women and minorities to apply. Please send a letter 
of application, a curriculum vita, and three letters of reference by October 
15, 2012, to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department of English 
and Foreign Languages, Box 19, 2500 Walton Way, Augusta, GA 30904. 
Review of applications begins immediately. EO/AA employer of the University 
System of Georgia. [R] 


Augusta SU 

English & For Langs, 2500 Walton Way Aug usta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 17042 

http://e%dept.aug.edu/ 
The Department of English and Foreign Languages invites applications 
for a tenure-track position beginning Fall 2013. Applicants must have 
expertise in Eighteenth-Century British Literature. Ph.D. required. Desirable 
secondary areas of expertise include grant writing and/or online 
teaching and secondar y #elds in grammar, linguistics, or children’s literature. 
The successful candidate must demonstrate excellence in teaching 
and a commitment to research. Duties will include teaching humanities 
and freshman composition. For full consideration, applicants should send 
a letter of application, a detailed vita, and three letters of recommendation 
by October 15, 2012 to Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department of English 
and Foreign Languages, Augusta State University, Box 19, 2500 Walton 
Way, Augusta, GA 30904. EO/A A employer of the University System of 
Georgia. [R] 


Georgia Gwinnett C 

Sch of Lib Arts, 1000 University Center Ln Lawrenceville GA 30043 

Dean, School of Transitional Studies 16876 

http://www.ggc.edu 
Georgia Gwinnett College (GGC) is seeking candidates or nominations 
for the position of Dean of the School of Transitional Studies. Reporting 
to the Vice President for Academic and Student A!airs, the Dean will 
ser ve as the college-wide academic administrative off icer for this new 
School within the Division of Academic and Student A!airs and serve as a 
member of the college's academic and administrative leadership team. The 
Dean will provide the academic and administrative leadership required to 
achieve the highest standards of excellence in ever y area of the School. 

The Dean will play a major role in the formulation and implementation of 

programs essential to the innovative mission of the institution. 
Minimum Quali#cations:-Earned doctorate from an accredited college/ 
university required. 

For more information on the job posting description and quali#cations, 
please go to the website below. 
MUST APPLY ONLINE TO: https://jobs.ggc.edu or 
Quicklink jobs.ggc.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=51777 
Questions: apply@ggc.edu 

Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.valdosta.edu 
Assistant professor of English with a specialization in British Victorian literature. 
In addition to teaching upper-division and graduate courses in 
#eld of specialty, other teaching responsibilities include freshman composition, 
world literature, and, possibly, interdisciplinary courses. Experience 
in online teaching helpful. Departmental duties include committee 
work and research leading to publicat ion. Salar y com mensurate w ith 
quali#cations and experience. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand by 
the position’s starting date, August 1, 2012. Send letter of application, 
signed faculty application form http://www.valdosta.edu/academic/documents/
Faculty_2010App.pdf, curriculum vita, and complete dossier, including 
all universit y transcripts and three letters of reference, to Mark 
Smith, Head, Department of English, Valdosta State University, Valdosta, 
GA 31698. Email submissions may be sent to marksmit@ va ldosta 
.edu. Review of applications begins May 15 and continues until position 
is #lled. Valdosta State University is an Equal Opportunit y educational 
institution and has a strong institutional comm itment to d iversit y. In 
that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a 
broad spectrum of people, including, but not limited to, minorities, and 
individuals with disabilities. Valdosta State University has a non-discrimination 
policy that includes sex, race, color, sexual orientation, religion, 
age, marital status, national origin, disability, and veteran status. For more 
information call 229-333-5946 or email marksmit@valdosta.edu . [R] 


ILLINOIS 
Millikin U 

English, 1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522 

2012–13 Visiting Assistant Professor or Instructor of English in Rhetoric 
and Composition 17040 

http://millikin.edu 
Millik in Universit y invites applications for the position of Visiting Assistant 
Professor or Instructor in Rhetoric and Composition for 2012–13. 
Applicants with a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition qualify for the Visiting 
Assistant Professor. Applicants who are ABD or M.A. in English or a 
related writing #eld qualify for the Visiting Instructor of English. Teaching 
responsibilities (12 hours per semester) include courses in our two-semester 
First Year Writing sequence and either a literature course in area of 
specialty, a United States Cultural Studies, or a Global Issues course in our 

University Studies o!erings. Information about the Millikin University 
Department of English is available at http://www.millikin.edu/english. 
Millik in Universit y is a private, comprehensive institution serving ap


prox imately 2,300 underg raduate, g raduate, fu l l-t ime and par t-t ime 
students who study in four colleges/schools: Arts and Sciences, Business, 
Fine Arts and Professional Studies. Situated on an attractive seventy-acre 
campus in Decatur, Illinois (population of 85,000), Millikin is located 
180 m i les southwest of Ch icago, 150 m iles west of Indianapolis, and 
120 miles northeast of St. Louis. A Mil likin education is characterized 
by performance learning—a unique approach to learning that builds the 
con#dence to succeed before and after graduation. Students apply their 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


learning to experiences both in Decatur and around the world. A vibrant 
campus community engages students in more than 90 student organizations 
and a close-knit Greek communit y. Millikin Big Blue athletics include 
19 NCA A Division III teams as wel l as junior varsit y teams and 
intramurals. In 2010, 98% of Millikin graduates gained employment or 
entry into graduate/professional school within six months of graduation. 

E-mail inquiries should be sent to Dr. Stephen Frech, Chair of the English 
Department: sfrech@millikin.edu. Applicants should submit materials 
by e-mail to Cindie Zelhart: czelhart@millikin.edu. Please attach a 
letter of application, vita, letter that addresses teaching excellence experience 
and philosophy of teaching, three letters of reference and graduate 
transcripts. Review of applications will begin June 24, 2012 and continue 
until the position is #lled. O!er of employment is contingent upon successful 
completion of background check and budgetary approval. Millikin 
University is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Millikin U 

English, 1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Writing and Rhetoric and First-Year 
Writing Coordinator 16925 

http://millikin.edu 
Assistant or Associate Professor in Writing and Rhetoric and First-Year 
Writing Coordinator, tenure track, beginning August 1, 2012. Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric and Composition or related writing #eld. Teaching responsibilities 
include #rst-year writing and advanced writing and rhetoric courses 
in Millikin University's nationally-recognized, integrated Writing Program, 
with opportunities to develop course o!erings in the candidate's 
area of expertise. Millikin values the autonomy and creativity of faculty 
and encourages al l facult y to teach in the University Studies program. 
Expected load is 4/3, which includes a course release for administrative 
responsibilities, including assessment, as Coordinator of Millikin’s university-
wide #rst-year writing program. Millikin expects faculty members to 
excel at teaching, develop a program of ongoing scholarship, and contribute 
to Departmental, College, and University service. Opportunities for 


faculty to collaborate with students in research are available. Required: 
Ph.D. by August 1 and record of teaching excellence. 
Infor mation about the Mil likin Universit y Depar tment of Engl ish is 


available at <http://www.millikin.edu/english>. Address your application 
letters to Dr. Stephen Frech, Chair of the English Department, 1184 W. 
Main Street, Decatur, IL 62522. E-mail inquiries to <sfrech@ millikin 
.edu>. 


Millik in Universit y is a private, comprehensive institution ser ving approx 
imately 2,300 underg raduate, g raduate, fu l l-t ime and par t-t ime 
students who study in four colleges/schools: Arts and Sciences, Business, 
Fine Arts and Professional Studies. Situated on an attractive seventy-acre 
campus in Decatur, Illinois (population of 85,000), Millikin is located 
180 m i les southwest of Ch icago, 150 m iles west of Indianapolis, and 
120 miles northeast of St. Louis. A Mil likin education is characterized 
by performance learning—a unique approach to learning that builds the 
con#dence to succeed before and after graduation. Students apply their 
learning to experiences both in Decatur and around the world. A vibrant 
campus community engages students in more than 90 student organizations 
and a close-knit Greek communit y. Millikin Big Blue athletics include 
19 NCA A Division III teams as wel l as junior varsit y teams and 
intramurals. In 2010, 98% of Millikin graduates gained employment or 
entry into graduate/professional school within six months of graduation. 


Applicants should complete an online application by submitting materials 
by e-mail to Cindie Zelhart: <www.millikin.edu/humanresources>. 
Please attach a vita, letter that addresses exper ience and philosophy of 
teaching, three letters of reference and graduate transcripts. Review of 
applications will begin April 19 and continue until the position is #lled. 
O!er of employment is contingent upon successful completion of background 
check and pending budgetary approval. Millikin University is an 
equal opportunity employer. [R] 


U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637 

Deputy Director and Literary Studies/M APH Coordinator, MAPH 17036 

http://english.uchicago.edu 
The Master of Arts Program in the Humanities working with the Department 
of English seeks to hire a Deput y Director and Literar y Studies/ 
MAPH Coordinator and Lecturer to assist with academic administration 
(curricular oversight, admissions and recruitment, advising and mentoring, 
and outreach and alumni engagement) and teaching. PhD in English 
or other literar y discipline and background in Critical Theory required. 


Experience as a preceptor or equivalent in a graduate program and graduate 
program teaching and administration also required. 
Candidates are required to submit a letter of application, current curricu


lum vitae, writing sample (25 page maximum) and contact information 
for three references online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career 
Opportunities website (https://academiccareers.uchicago.edu), posting 
number 01309. 


No application materials will be accepted after July 9, 2012. 
Position contingent upon funding availabilit y and f inal budgetar y approval. 
The University of Chicago is an A$rmative Action /Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 


U of Illinois, Chicago 

College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, 601 S Morgan St (MC 228) 1530 
University Hall Chicago IL 60607 

Professor and Head of the Department of English 17014 

The Department of English in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
(LAS) at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) invites applications 
and nominations for the position of Head. The head is the chief administrative 
off icer of the department with responsibilit y for instructional 
programs and for administrative, budgetary, promotion, and recruitment 
matters. 


The Depar tment of English at UIC (http://www.uic.edu/depts/engl/) 
embraces multiple approaches to writing, reading, and teaching English, 
and o!ers exciting courses of study for students at both undergraduate and 
graduate levels. We seek an innovative and energetic head to build on the 
department’s position of prominence and provide leadership and vision for 
its continued excellence in research, teaching, and ser vice. The department 
is rated in the top 10 in the country in research productivity. There 
are over 35 tenured and tenure-track faculty members in literature, rhetoric, 
cultural studies, literary theory, creative writing and the teaching of 
writing, and approximately the same number of lecturers teaching both 
#rst-year writing and general education courses. The department has approximately 
400 undergraduate majors, and 100 graduate students. UIC is 
a leading urban public research I university with 17,000 undergraduates, 
8,000 graduate students, and 2,500 professional students. Its vibrant campus 
is located in the heart of Chicago. 


Minimum Education and Work Experience: 
The position requires an earned doctorate in English or related disciplines 
and a distinguished scholarship record commensurate with the rank of 
tenured full professor. The successful candidate should have an outstanding 
record of achievement in research and teaching, and demonstrable administrative 
skills and exper ience. We seek a col league who will work 
collaboratively with key units within LAS, the UIC community, and the 


Chicago metro area to enhance the mission of the department, College, 
and university. 
Documents required to apply for this position: 
To apply for this position, please complete and submit an online applica


tion, which will include the names and e-mail addresses of four references 
and the following attachments: letter of application outlining applicant's 
quali#cations relevant for this position and full curriculum vitae. 


Applicants must apply no later than October 1, 2012 online at: https:// 
jobs.uic.edu/default.cfm?page=job&jobID=20108 


SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


Inquir ies shou ld be d i rected to Mar ya Schechtman, A ssociate Dean, 


(englishheadsearch@las.uic.edu). 
The desired appointment date is August 16, 2013. Salar y is competitive 
based on quali#cations. 


Applications from women and minorities are particularly encouraged. 
The University of Illinois is an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunit y 
Employer. [R] 


U of Illinois, Spring!eld 

English, MSUHB 3050 1 Universit y Plz Spring/eld IL 62703 

Clinical Instructor-Writing Specialist 16965 

http://www.uis.edu 
Clinical Instructor-Writing Specialist sought to work at the University of 
Illinois Spring#eld Center for Teaching and Learning and to teach one 
course each semester fall and spring starting August 16, 2012. The normal 
work week is 40 hours. Required: Master’s Degree in English, composition, 
journalism, communication or a #eld in which writing and the 
teaching of writing is emphasized. Doctorate or other term inal degree 
preferred. Two years experience teaching college or university level English 
composition, tutoring writing, and training and supervising graduate 
teaching assistants and undergraduate peer tutors. The successful candidate 
must have demonstrated the ability to work with and be sensitive to 

the educational needs of individuals and groups of diverse socioeconomic, 
cultural, sexual orientation, disability and/or ethnic backgrounds. 
Review of applications for the faculty search will begin immediately, and 

will continue until the position has been #lled 
Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, uno$cial under


graduate and graduate transcripts, and contact information for three professional 
references to: 
Dr. Tung Nguyen, Writing Specialist Search Committee Chair 
Center for Teaching & Learning 
University of Illinois Spring#eld 
1 University Plaza, MS BRK 460 
Spring#eld, IL 62703 
Located in the state capital, the University of Illinois Spring#eld is one of 

three campuses of the 

University of Illinois. The UIS campus ser ves approximately 5,100 students 
in 20 graduate and 
23 undergraduate programs. The academic curriculum of the campus em


phasizes a strong liberal arts core, an array of professional programs, extensive 
opportunities in experiential education, and a broad engagement 
in public a!airs issues of the day. The campus o!ers many small classes, 
substantial student-faculty interaction, and a rapidly evolving technology 
enhanced learning environment. Its diverse student body includes traditional, 
non-traditional, and international students. Twenty-#ve percent of 
majors are in 17 undergraduate and graduate online degree programs and 
the campus has received several national awards for its implementation of 
online learning. UIS faculty are committed teachers, active scholars, and 
professionals in ser vice to society. You are encouraged to visit the university 
web page at http://www.uis.edu and the department web page at: 
http://www.uis.edu/ctl 

UIS is an a$rmative action/equal opportunit y employer with a strong 
institutional commitment to recruitment and retention of a diverse and 
inclusive campus community. Women, minorities, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


INDI A NA 
Ball SU 

English, 2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306 

Contract Faculty Position 

http://www.bsu.edu 
Contract facult y position available August 17, 2012. Responsibil ities: 
teach a 12-hour load in screenwriting and other creative writing courses. 
Evening sections may be assigned. Minimum quali#cations: MA, MFA, 
or PhD in screenwriting, creative writing, English, #lm, or telecommunications 
by August 1, 2012; record of e!ective teaching at the college 
or university level; ability to teach screenwriting. Preferred quali#cations: 
record of e!ective teaching at the col lege or universit y level in screen-
writing and other creative writing courses; record of publications and/or 
presentations in area of specialization; experience teaching in a computer-
mediated environment; record of e!ective instruction in online courses. 

Candidates for contract faculty searches must have current authorization 
to be employed in the U.S. without employer sponsorship. 
Send cover letter, resume, copy of transcript of highest degree earned, and 

the names and contact information for three references to: Dr. Elizabeth 
Riddle, Chairperson, Department of English, Ball State University, Muncie, 
IN 47306. Review of applications will begin immediately and will 
continue until the position is #lled. (www.bsu.edu) 

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, a$rmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 
[R] 


IOWA 
Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Lecturer in Professional Communication 

http://www.http://engl.iastate.edu/ 
The Department of English at Iowa State University seeks a Lecturer in 
Professional Communication to teach primarily undergraduate business 
and/or technical communication courses, as wel l as some foundation 
communication courses, with potential to teach grant writing. This position 
is in a comprehensive and innovative “writing” program that integrates 
written, oral, visual, and electronic communication. The position 
will teach 7 courses/year, with regular reductions possible for administrative 
work, curriculum development, and outreach to departments. Required 
quali#cations: Masters degree in professional communication or 
related discipline, and record of success teaching professional communication 
courses at the college level. Experience in one or more of the following: 
curriculum development, grant writing, writing in the disciplines, 

learning communities, online learning. Preferred quali#cations: Ph.D. in 
professional communication or related discipline. Start date: August 2012. 
All interested, quali#ed persons must apply for this position through the 

Iowa State website at w w w.iastatejobs.com, vacancy #120180. Click 
"Apply for this Vacancy" and complete the Employment Appl ication. 
Please be prepared to attach or enter a cover letter, curriculum vitae, evidence 
of teaching e!ectiveness, sample syllabus from a recent professional 
communication course, and names and email addresses for three references. 


Application deadline is April 16, 2012. If you have any questions about 
this vacancy, please email Jenny Aune at jeaune@iastate.edu or call 515294-
3596. Iowa State is an AA/EO Employer. Women and members of 
historically underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Iowa SU 

World Langs & Cultures, 3102 Pearson Hall Ames IA 50011 

LECTUR ER IN AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE (ASL) & DEAF and 
HARD OF HEARING (DHH), STUDENT SERVICES 17011 

http://www.iastate.edu 
The Col lege of Liberal A rts and Sciences, Department of World Languages 
and Cultures, Dean of Students O$ce, and the Student Disability 
Resources O$ce invite applications for a Lecturer in American Sign 
Language (ASL) & Deaf and Hard of Hearing (DHH) Student Ser vices 
staff member who will develop/teach courses in the area of American 
Sign Language and Deaf Culture while collaborating with the Student 
Disability Resources O$ce to provide student services for DHH students 
at Iowa State University. The term position will be a full-time 9-month 


appointment starting August 16, 2012 and ending May 15, 2013 with the 
possibility of renewal. 
The individual selected for this position will develop/teach courses related 


to deaf culture and communication as well as provide direct student services 
for out-of-class activities for ISU students (including interpreting/ 
transliterating). The successful candidate will be a motivated instructor 
with a background in deaf culture/awareness. 


Required Quali#cations: A Master's degree in related discipline and ex-
per ience teaching sig n lang uage, interpreting, deaf culture, or related 
courses at a postsecondar y institution. Must have a permanent Professiona 
l l icense w ith the Iowa Board of Sig n La ng uage Inter preters & 
Transliterators at the time of hire. Preferred Quali#cations: Experience 
working with students with diverse backgrounds/challenges to learning. 
Experience developing curricula in deaf culture and communication. Experience 
in student a!airs/services for DHH population. 


To apply for this position complete the Employment Application at: 
www.iastatejobs.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=81425 
Please be prepared to attach or enter the following: 
1) Curriculum Vitae with contact information for two references ; 
2) Cover Letter ; 
3) Representative teaching evaluations (attach as other document); 
4) Brief statement describing teaching accomplishments and plans, includ


ing a description of the candidate's vision for teaching and providing stu


dent services to the DHH students at Iowa State University. 
To ensure consideration, submit application by June 18, 2012. Please include 
email address for communication purposes. 


If you have questions regarding this vacancy, please emai l cmueller@ 


iastate.edu or call 515-294-9396. 
If you have quest ions regarding this application process, please email 
employment@iastate.edu or call 515-294-4800 or Toll Free: 1-877-4777485. 


All o!ers of employment, oral and written, are contingent upon the universit 
y's ver if ication of credentia ls and other infor mation required by 
federal and state law, ISU policies/procedures, and may include the completion 
of a background check. 


Iowa State is an A$rmative Action /Equal Opportunit y Employer 


KANSAS 
Kansas SU, Salina 

Arts, Sciences, & Business, 2310 Centennial Rd Salina K S 67401 

Assistant Professor of Communication 16842 

http://www.salina.k-state.edu/ 
Kansas State University Salina seeks applicants for the position of Assistant 
Professor of Communication that have earned a Ph.D. by employment date 
and have evidence of scholarly achievement. For details and how to apply, 
visit www.sal.ksu.edu & click on employment opportunities Chair: Dr. 
Patricia Ackerman 785-826-2904 AA/EOE Background Check Required 


MARY LAND 
Comm C of Baltimore County 

English, 800 S Rolling Rd Baltimore MD 21228 

Coordinator, English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) Program 16862 

http://www.ccbcmd.edu 
The Commun it y Col lege of Baltimore Count y has a rich tradition of 
providing undergraduate education, workforce development, technology 
training and life enrichment in the Baltimore metropolitan area. CCBC is 


the college of choice to over 70,000 students and 200 businesses every year. 
We meet students where they are and take them where they want to go! 
Under the supervision of the Director of the Center for Adult and Fam


ily Literacy (CAFL), the ESOL Coordinator is responsible for overseeing 
instructional services for non-credit ESOL courses from beginning literacy 
level through transition courses to prepare ESOL students for pre-
academic/credit ESOL. The coordinator leads a team of ESOL program 
staff 
and is an essential part of the CAFL Leadership Team. 


Responsibi lit ies include h ir ing and super v ising ESOL instr uctors and 
sta!; participating as a member of the ESOL registration team; overseeing 
attendance records of all ESOL facult y and staff 
as well as collecting 
and analyzing of student performance data from instructors; establishing 
and monitoring ESOL program/grant outcomes; reviewing and reporting 
all program data to the MIS Coordinator; working collaboratively with 
CEED/CAFL staff 
and credit ESOL to ensure smooth transition of students 
to academic/workforce development courses; managing grant-funded 
budgets; developing annual operational plans and goals for ESOL unit; establishing 
and maintaining relationships with community ESOL advocates 
including representing CCBC/CAFL on the Maryland Community Colleges' 
ESOL A$nity group; planning and implementing staff 
development 
sessions for all ESOL staff 
and instructors; and maintaining program quality. 


Evening and some weekend work hours are required as needed. 
Requirements: 
Bachelor's degree required; Master's Deg ree or cer tif icate in TESOL 


preferred. 2 years of experience to include administering an educational 
program, including hiring and supervising sta!, budget management, and 
working with, assessing, and/or teaching adult ESOL learners. 


Pro#ciency in MS O$ce including word processing, spreadsheets, data


bases and email. 
Demonstrated experience in planning and implementing interactive staff 
development activities, teacher meetings, and/or instr uctional sessions/ 
workshops. 


Occasional evening and weekend work hours. 


Preferred: Exper ience planning and implementing g rant activities and 
outcomes. 
MUST APPLY ONLINE AT http://www.ccbcmdjobs.com 
CCBC practices equal opportunity in education and employment and is 


strongly and actively committed to diversity within the college community. 
EEO/AA 


U of Mar yland 

English, 2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742 

Visiting Assistant Professor (2) – Academic Writing 

http://www.english.umd.edu 
Visiting Assistant Professor (2) – Academic Writing. The Department of 
English at the University of Maryland invites applications for two visiting 
assistant professorships (three years, non-renewable) to teach in the Academic 
Writing Program. The 3/3 teaching load will include #ve courses in 
our rhetorically based #rst-year writing program and one course in the applicant’s 
area of interest (within the department’s o!erings). Ongoing professional 
development and contribution to program initiatives expected. 
The salar y will be $45,000 a year plus bene#ts. Quali#cations: PhD (in 
hand by August 1); substantial experience in academic writing instruction 

SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


with evidence of excellence and innovation (e.g., experience in instructional 
technology, multimodal assignment design, composition program 
leadership). For best consideration, submit a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and evidence of teaching excellence by Monday, April 16, 
2012. Application and materials must be submitted online at https://jobs 
.umd.edu. Search and apply for position #103952. Appointment contingent 
upon the continued availability of funding. The University of Maryland 
is an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. [R] 


MASSACHUSETTS 
Bentley U 

Mod Langs, 175 Forest St, 109 Morison Hall Waltham MA 02452 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of English/Director of ESOL 17026 

Posting Number: FY1211207 
Division: AA-Academic A!airs 
Position Department: English and Media Studies 
Position Classi#cation: FF-Full Time Faculty 
Title of Person to which Position Reports: Chair of Engl ish & Media 


Studies 
Description of Duties: 
The English and Media Studies Department at Bentley University invites 


applications for a tenure-track advanced Assistant or Associate Professor to 
serve as ESOL director. We seek applicants with a record of publication and 
other scholarly activity in ESOL studies, excellence in teaching ESOL composition 
at the undergraduate level, and strong leadership, organizational, 
and interpersonal skills. A secondary specialty in applied linguistics, rhetoric, 
literature, #lm, communication or media studies is highly desirable. 


Preference: PhD completed on or before July 2013. 
Additional Descr iption of Duties: The ESOL director administers and 
teaches in the undergraduate ESOL expository writing program for fully 
matriculated international students, works closely with the ESOL Center 
director and faculty tutors, and oversees the coordinator for the ESOL 
g raduate tutor ia ls and seminars. Add itional duties include recr uit ing 
adjunct ESOL writing faculty as needed, working with the director of 
expository writing to oversee the placement of all expository writing students 
each year, and meeting with representatives of the graduate school, 
international student o$ces, and career ser vices to coordinate international 
undergraduate and graduate student academic support. The ESOL 
director also serves as a resource for university faculty and staff 
and conducts 
workshops across the curriculum. This position presents an oppor


tunity for leadership at the university level and potential for developing an 
English language institute program. 
Position Quali#cations: 
Applications must be submitted online at https://jobs.bentley.edu/. Review 


will begin October 15, 2012. Please include cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
research statement, teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference. 
Required Applicant Documents: Resume/Curriculum Vitae 
Cover Letter 
Teaching Philosophy 
Letter of Reference 1 
Letter of Reference 2 
Letter of Reference 3 
Research Statement 
Optional Applicant Documents: Teaching Evaluations 
Posting Date: 06– 01–2012 


Closing Date: Open Until Filled 
Special Instructions to Applicants: During the on-line process applicants 
will be prompted to enter reference contact information. We will contact 
references only for those candidates who remain under consideration after 
the initial screening process. 


Bentley University requires reference checks and may conduct other pre


employment screening. 
Bentley University is an Equal Opportunity Employer, building strength 
through diversity. 


U of Massachusetts, Boston 

English, 100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Medieval Postdoctoral Teaching Fellow 17052 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/mn24pq2 
The UMass Boston English Department is offering one non-renewable 
Postdoctoral Teaching Fellowship of two years, beginning Fall 2012. The 
Teaching Fel low wil l receive guidance from a dedicated mentor in the 
development of a re%ective pedagog y for teaching English Studies to the 
global student body of the 21st century. Some of the unique features of this 
program are: an opportunity to teach at an urban, public university with 
the most diverse student body in New England; development of increasing 
skill in teaching at the introductory and advanced levels; and professionalization 
through participation in the university's annual teaching conference. 


Responsibilities include: a 2+3 course load, participation in departmental 
pedagogy meetings, and one teaching presentation in the second year. 
Minimum Quali#cations: 
-PhD in English granted within three years of the start of the postdoctoral 


fellowship 

-Expertise in Medieval literature and ability to teach advanced courses in 
the Medieval period 
-Ability to teach history of the English language; interest in teaching two 

of our gateway to the English major courses: "Five British Authors" and 

"Understanding Literature" 
-Abilit y to work e!ectively w ith a diverse student body in discussion-
based classes 

-Commitment to the values of a re%ective teaching practice 
To Apply: Applications must be received by July 13, 2012. Please apply 

online with your cover letter, CV, and writing sample of no more than 20 
pages. File size is limited to 2MB each. 
http://umb.interviewexchange.com/candapply.jsp?JOBID=32993&jobboard 

=192 

Letters of reference will be accepted via email only to lisa.greggo@umb 
.edu with #le size limited to 2MB or less. 
The fellowship includes a $45,000 salar y plus bene#ts. We regret that we 


cannot provide travel reimbursement. 
The University of Massachusetts Boston is an A$rmative Action, Equal 
Opportunit y, Title IX employer, and encourages applications from minorities, 
women, and those with di!erent abilities. 


Wellesley C 

English, 106 Central St Wellesley MA 02481 

Open Rank Professor-English 17056 

http://wellesley.edu 
The Wel lesley College Eng lish Department invites applications from 
specialists at any rank in the #eld of African American literature. PhD 
preferred (A BD considered). Preference will be given to candidates who 
work both on major 20th-century African American writers and on some 
other aspect or period of African American literature and culture. If above 
the assistant level, the successful candidate will have a strong publication 
record in these are\as. Nor mal teaching program is t wo courses per semester, 
including some teaching at the introductory level. Please address 
letter of application and CV by November 1, 2012, to James Nogg le, 
Chair of the Search Committee, and subm it them through Wellesley’s 
on-line application system at https://career.wellesley.edu. If circumstances 
make it impossible to submit materials electronically, email working@ 
wellesley.edu for assistance. Wellesley College is an A$rmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer, and we are committed to increasing the 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


diversity of the college community and the curriculum. Candidates who 
believe they can contribute to that goal are encouraged to apply. 

MICHIGAN 
A lma C 

English, 614 W Superior St Alma MI 48801 

Visiting Instructor of English, American Literature 16989 

http://www.alma.edu 
The Department of English at A lma Col lege invites applications for a 
visiting instructor of English, specializing in pre-20th century American 
literature. This one-year position would include teaching six courses, including 
composition, introductory literature courses, a survey course, and 

one 300-level course in an area of expertise. Quali#ed candidates would 
be o!ered the option of a course in Women’s Studies, as well. 
Position requires at least a M.A. in English and relevant teaching experi


ence. A BD or Ph.D. strongly preferred. The ideal candidate will have a 
commitment to liberal arts education at the undergraduate level in an environment 
emphasizing close faculty-student interaction. Review of applications 
will start May 21 and continue until the position is #lled. 

Applicants should email a letter of interest, vita, a statement of teaching 
philosophy, sample syllabi from a composition as well as a literature 
course, and names of three references to: 

Laura von Wallmenich 
vonwallmenich@alma.edu 
Chair of English Department 
Alma College 
A Phi Beta Kappa institution, A lma is a selective, baccalaureate liberal 

arts college committed to academic excellence and an equal opportunity 
employer committed to recr uiting and retaining a diverse facult y, staff 
and student body. For more information about the College, visit www 
.alma.edu. [R] 


Michigan SU 

Writing, R hetoric, & Amer Cultures, 235 Bessey Hall East Lansing 
MI 48824 

Assistant Professor, Professional and First Year Writing 16921 

http://wrac.msu.edu/faculty/ 
Full-time assistant professor, #xed-term; initial appointment for one year. 
Subsequent appointment contingent on positive annual review, funding, 
and sta$ng needs. Appointment starts August 16, 2012. PhD in an area 
of writing studies, professional and digital writing, and composition. We 
seek candidates prepared to teach First-Year Writing and in such Professional 
Writing areas as introductor y and advanced web authoring, pub


lishing, or nonpro#t communication. For information on the Professional 
Writing and First-Year Writing programs, see http://wrac.msu.edu/. 
Teach three courses per semester. Ongoing professional development and 

contribution to program initiatives expected; participation in professional 

conferences relevant to the appointment preferred. 
Applications must be submitted electronically to the Michigan State Universit 
y Human Resources web site http://jobs.msu.edu/. Applications 
should include a statement of interest in this position describing quali#cations 
and experience and a current curriculum vitae. Julie Lindquist, 
search committee chair, may be contacted at lindqu11@ msu.edu or at 
517-355-2400. Review of applications will begin on April 18, 2012 and 
will continue until the position is #lled. 

MSU is an a$rmative action, equal opportunity employer. MSU is committed 
to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The University 
actively encourages applications and/or nominations of women, persons 
of color, veterans, and persons with disabilities. 

Michigan SU 

Writing, R hetoric, & Amer Cultures, 235 Bessey Hall East Lansing 
MI 48824 

Assistant Professor, First Year Writing 16920 

http://wrac.msu.edu/faculty/ 
Contingent on funding and need, up to #ve full-time assistant professors, 
f ixed-term; initial appointment for one year. Subsequent appointment 
contingent on positive annual review, funding, and sta$ng needs. Starts 
August 16, 2012. PhD in an area of composition, literacy education, or 
writing studies, and demonstrated commitment to #rst-year writing. We 
particularly seek candidates with prior teaching experience or background 
in developmental wr iting and in college composition for multiling ual 
language learners, including TESOL. We are also interested candidates 
with an area in Linguistics and/or Discourse Studies to contribute to ELL 

Writing and teach an occasional Introduction to Language Studies course 
for English Education undergraduates. 
The First-Year Writing Program includes a developmental writing course 

and a set of thematically-focused 4-credit courses each of which satis#es 
the #rst-year general education writing requirement. Three emphases inform 
the program: cultural literacy practices, multimodal literacies, and 
writing as rhetorically and culturally situated. The department has shared 
learning outcomes for writing, reading, and research (http://www.wrac 
.msu.edu/academic-programs/#rst-year-writing/). 

Teach three courses per semester. Ongoing professional development and 
contribution to program initiatives expected; participation in professional 
conferences relevant to the appointment preferred. 

Applications must be submitted electronically to the Michigan State Universit 
y Human Resources web site http://jobs.msu.edu/. Applications 
should include a statement of interest in this position describing quali#cations 
and experience and a current curriculum vitae. Julie Lindquist, 
search committee chair, may be contacted at lindqu11@ msu.edu or at 
517-355-2400. Review of applications will begin on April 18, 2012, and 
will continue until positions are #lled. 

MSU is an a$rmative action, equal opportunity employer. MSU is committed 
to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The University 
actively encourages applications and/or nominations of women, persons 
of color, veterans, and persons with disabilities. 

U of Michigan 

Technical Communication Program, 305 Gorg uze Family Lab/Eng. 
Prog. Bldg. 2609 Draper Dr Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Lecturer in Technical Communication 16856 

http://umjobs.org/job_detail/62189/lecturer_iii_in_technical 
Technical Communications faculty deliver technical communication instruction 
in written, oral, and visual communication in the College of 
Engineering. Instruction occurs in the context of engineering content 
and project work—usua l ly in courses team-t aught w ith eng ineer ing 
professors—with special focus in the #rst year courses, laboratories, and 
capstone design courses. Applicants must have an academic degree, PhD 
preferred, and/or signi#cant relevant training and experience in technical 
communication or an allied #eld; signi#cant training and successful experience 
in the teaching of writing; skill and experience in various technical 
communication genres; excellence in written and oral English; experience 
with engineering/scienti#c content; ability to work e!ectively with 
students singly and in engineering project teams; experience with scienti
#c/engineering content; and, preferably, relevant industrial experience. 
Salar y will be competitive. The Universit y of Michigan is an A$rmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer. The full position description 
for 2012–2013 and application site are available until Apr il 5, 2012, at 
the following link: http://umjobs.org/job_detail/62189/lecturer_iii_in_ 
technical_communication [R] 


SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


MINNESOTA 
U of Minnesota, Duluth 

Writing Studies, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Instructor/Assistant Professor of Writing Studies 16977 

http://www.d.umn.edu/writ 
The Department of Writing Studies at the University of Minnesota Duluth 
seeks to add up to six people to its pool of temporary instructors and/ 
or assistant professors to teach #rst-year writing, ESL, lower and upper 
division writing, journalism, and/or information design courses on a full-
time or part-time basis beginning August 27, 2012. Term contracts only; 
positions contingent on funding. Essential quali#cations include one year 
of relevant teaching experience at the college level, willingness to work 
in a structured writing program, e!ective teaching and communication 
sk il ls appropr iate to the position, exper ience in using technolog y for 
teaching, and an MA from a regionally accredited university in a relevant 
#eld, such as Writing, Comp/Rhetoric, English, Journalism, TESL, or 
Technical Communication. The University of Minnesota requires that 
you apply online for this position. For a complete position description and 
information on how to apply online, visit http://employment.umn.edu/, 

and search for Job Requisition 177239. Completed applications will be reviewed 
beginning May 7, 2012 and continue until the positions are #lled. 
The Un iver sit y of M in ne sota is an equa l oppor t un it y educator a nd 

employer. [R] 


MISSISSIPPI 
U of Mississippi 

English, PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall Universit y MS 38677 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 16846 

http://jobs.olemiss.edu 
The Depar tment of English at the University of Mississippi invites ap


plications for for a one-year Visiting Assistant Professorship at the University’s 
branch campuses at Grenada and Booneville. 
The successful candidate will be able to teach a wide variet y of writing 

and English and American literature courses. Candidates should have an 

M.F.A. or Ph.D. in hand, demonstrable teaching experience and signi#cant 
publications in the #eld of creative writing. The term of the appointment 
is one year and the teaching load is 3–3. 
Apply on l ine at jobs .olem iss .edu. Applicant s are requested to subm it 
a cover letter and c.v. Three recommenders should send a letter of rec-
om mend at ion to Ivo K a mps, Depa r t ment of Eng l ish, Un iver sit y of 
Mississippi, University MS 38677. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and will continue until the position is #lled or an adequate applicant 
pool is established. The University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/ 
Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ADEA employer. For further information, 
contact Ivo Kamps (egkamps@olemiss.edu). 

NEVADA 
U of Nevada, Reno 

English, Dept of English/0098 Reno N V 89557 

Lecturer in Linguistics 16985 

https://www.unrsearch.com/postings/10734 
The English Department at the University of Nevada, Reno, invites applications 
for a one-year, non-tenure track position as a Lecturer in Linguistics. 
This position is renewable yearly for a total of three years and is contingent 
upon funding and performance. This is a teaching position, with a class load 
of four courses per semester. The ideal candidate will be comfortable teaching 
across the discipline, mainly at the undergraduate level. Courses include 

one or more sections of Introduction to Linguistics, Phonetics/Phonology, 
Syntax, graduate seminars and other courses based on area of expertise. A 
Ph.D. in Linguistics and teaching experience are required. 

The University of Nevada, Reno is the state’s %agship land-grant research 
and teaching institution. The university enrolls 18,000 students and encompasses 
nine degree-granting colleges and schools, which o!er bachelor’s 
degrees in 75 disciplines, along with more than 100 master’s and 
doctoral-level degrees. UNR is located in northwest Nevada on the eastern 
slope of the Sierra Nevada, 45 minutes from Lake Tahoe and four 
hours from the San Francisco Bay Area. For more infor mation on the 
campus, please see www.unr.edu 


The University of Nevada accepts applications electronically. Please send 
letter, vita, and the list of references via the university’s website: https:// 
www.unrsearch.com/postings/10734 


The search committee will review al l completed applications received 


through May 25, 2012. 
Inquir ies regarding the position may be addressed to the search chair, 
Dennis Cronan, at dcronan@unr.edu or 775-682-6365. Candidates will 
be interviewed by phone. EEO/AA – Women and members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. 


NEW JERSEY 
Kean U 

English, 1000 Morris Av Union NJ 07083 

Lecturers, Assistant Professors, Associate Professors of Writing 16979 

http://www.kean.edu/KU/Wenzhou-Kean-Facult y-Positions 
Kean University is seeking faculty to teach various levels and kinds of writing 
to Chinese students for its extension program to be o!ered beginning 
Fall, 2012, in Wenzhou, China, in preparation for the opening of an autonomous 
branch campus to be known as Wenzhou Kean University in 2014. Instruction 
will be in English. Students are of traditional college-entering age 

(18) with tested competence in English. Multiple positions at various ranks 
available. Travel and housing allowances included. For more information, 
see http://www.kean.edu/KU/Wenzhou-Kean-Faculty-Positions . [R] 
NEW YORK 
C of New Rochelle 

English, 29 Castle Pl New Rochelle NY 10805 

Assistant/Associate Professor of Composition 

http://www.cnr.edu 
The College of New Rochelle, School of Arts & Sciences, seeks applications 
for a tenure-track faculty position in composition within the English 
Department, available September 1, 2012. Responsibilities include halftime 
teaching in composition, coordination of the School of Arts and Sciences 
writing program (instruction, assessment, and tutorial services) and 
consultation on planning and assessment of writing activities with each of 
the other three schools of the College. Candidates with a Ph.D. or termi


nal degree in composition, rhetoric or closely related area are invited to 
send CVs and three letters of reference to: 
Richard H. Thompson, Ph.D. 
Dean, School of Arts & Sciences 
The College of New Rochelle 
29 Castle Place 
New Rochelle, NY 10805 
e-mail: rthompson@cnr.edu 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the po


sition is #lled. 
The College of New Rochelle is a Catholic college in the Ursuline tradition 
and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds who can contribute 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


to our unique educational mission. The School of Arts & Sciences has a 
strong liberal arts tradition and serves a diverse population of undergraduate 
women. It is located in Westchester County, just north of New York 
City. 

The College of New Rochel le is an EO/Af f ir mative Action employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to diversity. 

Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 
10027 

Lecturer in Discpline 17022 

http://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=56193 
The School of Continuing Education at Columbia University invites applications 
for a Lecturer in Discipline, who will also serve as the Academ 
ic Director i n Nar rative Med icine to beg in Fa l l 2012. Th is is a 
full-time appointment with multi-year renewal contingent on successful 
review. Candidates must show demonstrated record of accomplishment 
in teaching and/or appropriate #eld of research or professional practice. 
Responsibilities will include teaching up to six courses per year; actual 
teaching load will depend upon size of classes and other responsibilities. 
Oppor tunit y for practitioner who has a v ibrant portfolio of academ ic 
study, experience and publications in one or more of the following disciplines: 
Medicine, Psychology, Psychotherapy, Philosophy, Health Advocacy, 
Literature, Intercultural Studies, Writing, Oral History, or a related 
#eld. The candidate should have extensive leadership experience applying 
these disciplines across a wide spectrum of health-care contexts; substantial 
teaching experience; and deep and demonstrated understanding of the 

academic and applied trends that are driving best practice and research in 
the #eld of Narrative Medicine. 
For more information and to apply please visit our online site: 
https://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants Central?quickFind=56193 
If you have any questions, please email scehr@columbia.edu 
Closing date for applications is July 2, 2012. 
Colu mbia Un iver sit y i s a n Equa l Oppor t u n it y/A f f i r m at ive Act ion 

employer. [R] 


Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 
10027 

Associate Professor or Professor, Postcolonial Studies 16935 

http://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=56134 
Columbia University 
The Department of English and Comparative Literat ure at Columbia 

Universit y invites applications for a tenured associate or beginning full 
professor of postcolonial studies. We are seeking candidates whose research 
and teaching extend the study of colonial and postcolonial literatures, 
societies, and languages in new directions. We are especially 
interested in candidates whose work employs comparative, transnational, 
and/or interdisciplinary methods, including the study of multiple postcolonial 
cultural forms (such as #lm and other media), and who can develop 
connections with other university research units and global initiatives. We 
welcome applications from people working with postcolonial approaches 
to cultures of empire, comparative world literatures, critical globalization 
studies, transoceanic formations, liberation movements, indigenous 
peoples' struggles, resource con%icts, socio-economic and environmental 
justice, eco-criticism, practices and theories of translation, and whose 
work demonstrates deep historical engagements with at least two regions, 
literatures, languages, and/or traditions of the postcolonial world. 

Appl icat ion s mu st be f i led on l i ne at ac adem icjobs .colu m bi a .e du / 
applicants/Central?quickFind=56134 by September 4, 2012. All applications 
must be made through Columbia University's online application system. 
On the site, please upload a cover letter, current CV, list of references 
and an article-length writing sample. 

Colu mbia Un iver sit y i s a n Equa l Oppor t u n it y/A f f i r m at ive Act ion 
employer. [R] 


Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 10027 

Lecturer in Discipline 16934 

http://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=56163 
The Columbia Universit y Undergraduate Writing Program in the De


partment of English and Comparative Literature invites applications for 
lecturer in discipline to begin in July 2012. 
Lecturers will teach #rst-year writing and provide leadership as we de


velop new theme-based writing courses in collaboration with Columbia's 
faculty from its many interdisciplinary programs. Initial term of appointment 
is one year with the possibility of renewal for a second year contingent 
on satisfactory performance. 

Applications from candidates in interdisciplinar y #elds of the humanities, 
socia l sciences and the natural sciences and from candidates with 
TESOL certi#cation and expertise in teaching writing to English Language 
Learners are welcome. Candidates in the areas of gender studies, 
sustainability development and American Studies who can demonstrate 
excellence in teaching and writing in these areas are especially welcome. 

Lecturers teach two sections (no more than 14 students each) of #rst-year 
writing each semester, and mentor current graduate student instructors 
and suppor t teachers' professiona l development in workshops, con ferences, 
and class observations. UWP Lecturers act as liaisons as we revise, 
update, and pilot new courses. They also provide editorial support for our 
program's internal publications, assessment materials, and undergraduate 
journal of student writing. 

The Undergraduate Writing Program is located in the Depar tment of 
English and Comparative Literature. Infor mation about the U W P and 
the #rst-year writing course is available at http://www.college.columbia 
.edu/core/uwp. Infor mation about Columbia's interdisciplinar y centers 
and institutes can be found at http://www.columbia.edu/content/ 
centers-institutes.html. 

Applicants should apply to https://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=56163 and submit a cover letter directed to Dr. Nicole 

B. Wallack, Director, Undergraduate Writing Program. A complete application 
will comprise a cover letter, a statement of teaching philosophy, 
a c.v., a writing sample of no more than 20 pages, a syllabus from a recent 
writing course, and a sample of strong student writing from that course. 
Candidates for the ELL Lectureship position should clearly identify themselves 
in their cover letters. 
Eligibility: To be considered for a UWP lectureship, applicants must have 
fulf illed the requirements of their terminal g raduate degree by July 1, 
2012. Two years of teaching writing at the college level is also required. 
Applicants for the English Language Learners position must be certi#ed 
in TESOL and have experience teaching dedicated courses in academic 
writing for ELL and ESL populations. 

Preferred quali#cations: A Ph.D. is preferred; however, a candidate with 
another terminal graduate degree and exceptional experience will receive 
full consideration. Ideal candidates will also demonstrate experience with 
writing program development and evidence of leadership within a writing 
program. 

Deadline for applications is May 10, 2012 
Colu mbia Un iver sit y i s a n Equa l Oppor t u n it y/A f f i r m at ive Act ion 
employer. [R] 


Hamilton C 

English and Creative Writing, 198 College Hill Rd Clinton N Y 13323 

Visiting Assistant Professor of 20th C American Literature 16978 

http://www.hamilton.edu/index.cfm 
The English and Creative Writing Department at Hamilton College seeks 
a specialist in 20th-Centur y American Literature for a two-year replace-

SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


ment position. Candidates with ability to teach literar y theor y are especially 
encouraged to apply. PhD required (in hand or completed by Fall 
2012). Teaching load is 5 courses per year. Appointment beg ins July 1, 
2012. Please send vita, letter of application, and writing sample (10 pages) as 
pdf #les to ensrch12@hamilton.edu, addressed to Prof. Onno Oerlemans, 
chair. We will begin reviewing applications on May 21, 2012. Hamilton 
(ww w.hamilton.edu) is a residential liberal arts college located in upstate 
New York. Appl icants w ith dua l-career considerations can f ind other 
Ham ilton and nearby academ ic job listings at w w w.upstatenyherc.org. 
Hamilton College is an a$rmative action, equal opportunity employer and 
is committed to diversity in all areas of the campus community. Hamilton 
provides domestic partner bene#ts. Candidates from underrepresented 
groups in higher education are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 


Hobart & William Smith Colleges 

Writing & R hetoric Program, 300 Pulteney St. Geneva N Y 14456 

Visiting Assistant Professor-One Year Appointment 17038 

http://www.hws.edu/o$ces/hr/employment/fac_2012_WandR_Visi 
The Writing and Rhetoric Program invites applications for a bene#ts-eligible, 
Instructor/Assistant Professor position for one academic year (2012– 
13 with possibilit y of renewal) in Composition Studies; PhD preferred, 
ABD considered. Teaching responsibilities include #ve courses per year. 


Candidates must demonstrate teaching excellence; experience with nontraditional 
evaluation methods including portfolio assessment preferred. 
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: 
Evaluation of applications begins immediately, and will continue until the 


position is #lled. Candidates should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, teaching statement, sample syllabi including assignments, and 
the names of three references to: 


Professor Cheryl Forbes 
Writing and Rhetoric Program 
Hobart and William Smith Colleges 
300 Pulteney Street 
Geneva, NY 14456 
EOE 
Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and sup


porting faculty and staff 
that fully represent the racial, ethnic, and cultural 
diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from under-represented 
groups. The Colleges do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, 
sex, marital status, national origin, age, disability, veteran's status, sexual 
orientation, gender identity and expression or any other protected status. 

Hobart and William Smith Colleges are a highly selective residential liberal 
ar ts institution located in a small, diverse city in the Finger Lakes 
region of New York State. With an enrollment of approximately 2,200, 
the Colleges o!er 62 majors and minors from which students choose two 
areas of concentration, one of which must be an interdisciplinar y program. 
Creative and extensive programs of international study and public 
service are also at the core of the Colleges’ mission. [R] 


Niagara U 

English, PO Box 2035 Niagara Universit y NY 14109 

Assistant Professor-English (One Yr. Appt) 16843 

http://www.niagara.edu 
Niagara Universit y, a private, predominately undergraduate institution 
sponsored by the Vincentian community, seeks a Visiting Assistant Professor 
for a one-year appointment in the English Department for the Fall 


2012-Spring 2013 academic year. Please visit http://www.niagara.edu/ 
english to learn more about our department. 
M i n i mu m qu a l i f icat ion s: Ph D in ha nd (or f i r m g raduat ion d ate of 


May 2012) with specialization in rhetoric and composition; active publication 
record, demonstrated excellence in teaching, and service to the 
University, the profession, and the community. 


Desired quali#cations: Experience in creative writing (#ction, poetr y, or 

creative non#ction). 
The successful candidate will teach writing courses to students pursuing 
English majors and writing studies minors. The candidate will also teach 
Niagara’s #rst-year composition course (WRT 100). The teaching load is 
3 courses per semester (9 hours). Salary commensurate with like institutions; 
excellent bene#ts. 

To view posting and further application instructions go to Niagara University’s 
electronic application site at https://jobs.niagara.edu/JobPosting 
.aspx?JPID=1658. 

Niagara University is an equal opportunity/a$rmative action employer. 
Women and minor ities are encouraged to apply. A copy of the Student 
Right to K now A nnua l Securit y Repor t is available at: http://www 
.niagara.edu/safety 

SU of New York, U at Albany 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany N Y 12222 

Visiting assistant professor of American literature before 1900 17020 

http://tinyurl.com/c8km862 
The Department of English at the University at Albany (SUNY) seeks a 
visiting assistant professor in American Literature before 1900. This is a 


one-year appointment with the possibility of renewal for up to two additional 
years. 
Candidates must possess a Ph.D. from a university accredited by the U.S. 


Department of Education or an internationally recognized accrediting organization. 
Ability to teach courses in American Literature before 1900 
is required. Evidence of successful teaching and scholarly activity is expected. 
Candidates must also address in their letter of application their 
ability to work with and instruct a culturally diverse group of people. 


Apply to http://albany.interviewexchange.com/jobo!erdetails.jsp?JOBID 
=32399 by July 1, 2012 


SU of New York, C at Geneseo 

English, 1 College Circle Welles 226 Geneseo NY 14454 

Visiting Assistant Professor or Lecturer in English 16930 

http://jobs.geneseo.edu 
SUNY Geneseo Department of English seeks a temporary, one-year, full-
time Visiting Assistant Professor or Lecturer (renewal for a second year 
possible) to teach courses in world literature (especially literatures of South 
Asia and the Middle East), transnational studies, and Humanities. PhD 
preferred, ABD considered. Availability of position is subject to #nal budgetary 
approval. Apply online at http://jobs.geneseo.edu and attach cover 
letter and vita. SUNY Geneseo is an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunity, 
Equal Access Employer committed to recruiting, supporting, and fostering 
a diverse community of outstanding faculty, sta!, and students. The 
college actively seeks applications from women and members of underrepresented 
groups. Review will begin immediately and continue until the 
position is #lled; however, for full consideration apply by April 27. [R] 


Syracuse U 

O2ce of the Provost, 203 Tolley Building Syracuse NY 13244 

Program Coordinator (029347) 17066 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/xrk87qh 
Syracuse Universit y seeks candidates for the position of Grant Program 
Coordinator, available July 1, 2012. The Program Coordinator will assume 
grant and research administration duties by providing high-level 
organizational support in coordination of information and material documentation 
related to planning and execution of research programs in the 
SU Humanities Center and the Mellon CNY Humanities Corridor under 
the supervision of the Principal Investigator and Project Director. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


This is a two-year renewable appointment. Please refer to the following 
website to view the full job description and to submit application materials, 
go to http://www.sujobopps.com. Minimum quali#cations: Master's 
deg ree (although Ph.D. in Humanities academic specialization is desirable, 
and recent post-doctorates are encouraged to apply); some experience 
with grant adm inistration, preferably in higher education; strong 
organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills; knowledge 
of database management and demonstrated knowledge of issues and 
trends in higher education. Application Deadline: Screening of candidates 
will begin immediately and the position will close July 27, 2012. 

Sy racuse Un iver sit y is an equa l oppor t un it y a nd a f f i r m at ive act ion 
employer. 

Touro C 

Langs & Lit, 27–33 W 23rd St New York NY 10010 

Associate Professor/Chair, Languages and Literature 16872 

Associate Professor/Chair, Languages and Literature, Touro announces an 
opening for an Associate Professor and Chair of Department of Languages 
and Literature. The successful candidate would teach three classes and additionally 
will work e!ectively with Deputy Chairs and administration 
on a variety of tasks. He/She will exhibit creativity and leadership. This 
will include working at two di!erent locations, one in Manhattan and the 
other in Queens. A doctorate is required with at least #ve successful years 
teaching in a college environment. Please send an application letter, C.V., 
and three letters of recommendation to: teach@touro.edu. Selected candidates 
will be invited to interview and to teach a sample class. 

Application Deadline: Open until #lled 
Start Date: Late August, 2012 
Salary: Commensurate with quali#cations 
Touro Col lege is an E EO/ Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/A DEA 

institution in the provision of its education and employment programs 
and services. [R] 


Utica C 

English, 1600 Burrstone Rd Utica NY 13502 

Assistant Professor: Creative Non"ction 16944 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/7rqry6d 
Utica College is a dynamic, student-centered private institution that o!ers 
leading-edge undergraduate and graduate programs that integrate liberal 
and professional education. With an abiding commitment to academic excellence 
and a strong tradition of personalized instruction, the College 
delivers a transformational educational experience in both on-campus and 
online settings, preparing students for success in a rapidly changing world. 
Utica College is located in an attractive, family-friendly area of upstate 

New York near the foothills of the Adirondacks o!ering easy access to a 
broad variety of recreational and cultural attractions. 
One-year assistant professor starting August 2012 with the possibility of re


newal. Applicants should have expertise in creative non#ction. Candidate 
will teach a minimum 4 course load per semester, including two sections 
of freshman composition, and one section of literature every semester, and 
a multi-genre beginning creative writing course and a course in creative 
non#ction in alternating semesters. We are looking for an experienced and 
enthusiastic teacher, who can contribute to the College-wide emphasis on 
writing across the curriculum, and who can reach out to students and faculty 
in professional programs. MFA or MA required; Ph.D. preferred 

Ca nd id ate s must subm it a shor t w r it i ng sa mple, a let ter of appl ication, 
CV, and names of three references to http://uc.peopleadmin.com/ 
postings/434. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until candidates are selected. 

Utica College is an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 

NORTH CAROLINA 
U of North Carolina, Greensboro 

English, 3143 MHR A Bldg 1111 Spring Garden St Greensboro NC 27412 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Rhetoric/Composition 16963 

http://www.uncg.edu/eng 
The English Department at the University of North Carolina at Greens


boro invites applications for a one-year visiting assistant professor position, 
with specialization in Rhetoric and Composition. 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition in hand by 1 August 2012 required. 


3–3 teaching load, including undergraduate rhetoric survey courses and 


specialty courses. 
Send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to the attention of Ms. Anna Tysor, 3143 MHRA Building, 1111 Spring 
Garden St., Greensboro, NC, 27412. 


Review of applications will begin immediately. The closing date is 18 May 


2012, but review of applications will continue until the position is #lled. 
The University of North Carolina at Greensboro is committed to equality 
of employment opportunity and does not discriminate against applicants 
or employees based on race, color, creed, national origin, religion, gender, 
age, disability, veteran status, political a$liation, or sexual orientation. 
Moreover, The Universit y of North Carolina at Greensboro is committed 
to recruiting and advancing women and minorities at all faculty/staff 
levels. 


Department of English, 3143 MHR A, University of North Carolina at 
Greensboro, Greensboro, NC 27412. 


U of North Carolina, Charlotte 

Librar y-Department of Special Collections, 9201 Universit y City Blvd 
Charlotte NC 28223 

Associate University Librarian for Special Collections-#8730 16937 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/zjtyd5f 
Associate University Librarian for Special Collections-Position #8730 
The Atkins Library at the University of North Carolina, Charlotte aspires 

to national leadership in the #eld of digital scholarship and special collections, 
and to this end it seeks applications and nominations for a faculty appointment, 
Associate University Librarian (AUL) for Special Collections. 

The AUL will continue the rapid growth Atkins’ Special Collections Department 
(http://specialcollections.uncc.edu/) in its e!ort to support the 
creation, curation, and dissemination of digital, unique, and rare scholarship 
and cultural artifacts. The AUL will direct two units, the Digital 
Programs and Collections unit (DPaC), and the Digital Scholarship 
Lab (DSL) (http://dsl.uncc.edu/). The DPaC collects, curates, and makes 
available unique material of all kinds, including manuscr ipts, oral histories, 
government documents, university archives and historical maps. 
The DSL provides sta!, equipment, and facilities that support faculty and 
graduate students in the production of digital scholarship. Open access is a 
foundational principle throughout Special Collections, and the AUL will 
be expected to contribute to local and national conversations that broaden 
awareness and build support on this issue. 

Required: 
................................................................................................................................................formation 
Science from a program accredited by the American Librar y 
Association. 

................................................................................B 
................................................ 


Southern history or culture preferred. 
................................................................................................................................................ucts. 
This includes %uency with associated technologies, best practices in 
regard to long-term conservation and access, and outreach. 

...................................................................................................................................................... 


rare materials. 

SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


............................................................................................................................................U 
.. 


with fundraising and other forms of external support. 

For a full job description and additional information visit our Web site at 
http://library.uncc.edu/jobs/. 
ON LY E L ECT RON IC A PPLICATIONS W I LL BE ACCEP TED: 


https://jobs.uncc.edu/ 
(Search Faculty Vacancies-Position #8730) 
We will begin reviewing applications on April 23, 2012. Candidates are 


encouraged to apply as soon as possible to receive full consideration. 
Members of minority groups and persons with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. AA/EOE 


OHIO 
Cleveland SU 

English, 2121 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44115 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 17001 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English, specializing in Poetr y Wr iting, 
and Interim Director of the CSU Poetr y Center, a literar y press with a 
national reputation, for a nine-month academic year appointment beginning 
August 20, 2012. The position carries a teaching load of two courses 
per semester, including undergraduate and M.F.A. workshops and craft 
classes, as well as the direction of graduate creative writing theses. Duties 
will also include close supervision of all Poetry Center book production 
and promotion activities, and supervision of a graduate student sta!. 


Position Requirements: 
Applicants must have at least one book of poetr y publ ished or under 
contract, and an M.F.A., or Ph.D. in Creative Writing by July 1, 2012. 
Preferred quali#cations: experience in publishing and/or editing with a 


national ly-distributed literar y press or journal, and/or an arts management 
background, and a demonstrated potential for teaching excellence. 
Response Information: 
Cleveland State Un iver sit y is a large, urban, ethn ica l ly diverse inst i


tution in the heart of downtown Cleveland, a cit y with thriving artistic 
and literar y communities. Please send cover letter, vita, three letters 
of recommendation, and a 10 –15 page writing sample to David Larson, 
Chair, Department of English, Cleveland State University, 2121 Euclid 
Ave., Cleveland, OH 44115. Review of applications will begin June 15 
and continue until the position is #lled. Cleveland State University is an 
AA/EEO employer. Hiring is contingent on maintaining existing levels 
of funding from the State. 


Columbus S Comm C 

English, 550 E Spring St Columbus OH 43215 

English Instructor (Delaware campus) 16908 

http://www2.cscc.edu/ 
The candidate must be committed to teaching mostly freshman and sec


ond year composition courses, although there may be opportunities to 
teach American and British literature surveys in the future. 
All full-time faculty are expected to advise students; serve on departmental, 


division, and college committees; and participate in community service. 


This tenure-earning position in Delaware is for two semesters with Summer 
as a separate and extra contract. 
The candidate must have a Master's degree in English or Composition/ 


Rhetoric and at least 1 full-time year or equivalent of successful teaching 


of college composition. 
Prefer red qual if ications include: a Ph.D. in English or Composition/ 
Rhetoric and at least 2 full-time years or equivalent of successful teaching 
of college composition; demonstrated leadership skills; successful community 
college teaching. 


Please apply to Columbus State's Employment page, Facult y, Instructor 
(English) # 2378. [R] 


Columbus S Comm C 

English, 550 E Spring St Columbus OH 43215 

English Instructor 16907 

http://www2.cscc.edu/ 
The candidate must be committed to teaching mostly freshman and sec


ond year composition courses, although there may be opportunities to 
teach American and British literature surveys in the future. 
All full-time faculty are expected to advise students; serve on departmental, 


division, and college committees; and participate in community service. 


This tenure-earning Columbus position is for two semesters with Summer 
as a separate and extra contract. 
The candidate must have a Master's degree in English or Composition/ 


Rhetoric and at least 1 full-time year or equivalent of successful teaching 


of college composition. 
Prefer red qual if ications include: a Ph.D. in English or Composition/ 
Rhetoric and at least 2 full-time years or equivalent of successful teaching 
of college composition; demonstrated leadership skills; successful community 
college teaching. 


Please apply to Columbus State's Employment page, Facult y, Instructor 
(English) # 2380. [R] 


Columbus S Comm C 

English, 550 E Spring St Columbus OH 43215 

English Instructor 16906 

http://www2.cscc.edu/ 
The candidate must be committed to teaching mostly freshman and sec


ond year composition courses, although there may be opportunities to 
teach American and British literature surveys in the future. 
All full-time faculty are expected to advise students; serve on departmental, 


division, and college committees; and participate in community service. 


This tenure-earning Columbus position is for two semesters with Summer 
as a separate and extra contract. 
The candidate must have a Master's degree in English or Composition/ 


Rhetoric and at least 1 full-time year or equivalent of successful teaching 


of college composition. 
Prefer red qual if ications include: a Ph.D. in English or Composition/ 
Rhetoric and at least 2 full-time years or equivalent of successful teaching 
of college composition; demonstrated leadership skills; successful community 
college teaching. 


Please apply to Columbus State's Employment page, Facult y, Instructor 
(English) # 2377. [R] 


Oberlin C 

English, 10 N Professor St, R ice Hall Oberlin OH 44074 

Visiting Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 16882 

http://new.oberlin.edu/ 
Ful l-time, non-continuing position for 2012–13 academ ic year. Responsibi 
l ities include teach ing f ive cour ses in genera l area of Eng lish 
composition. MFA or Ph.D. degree (in hand or expected by #rst semester 
of academic year 2012–13, though ABD candidates may also be considered) 
required. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate 
academic transcripts, and at least three recent letters of reference* to: Laurie 
McMil lin, Chair, Rhetor ic and Composition, Oberlin College, 10 

N. Professor Street, Oberlin, OH, 44074 by April 10, 2012. Application 
materials received after that date may be considered until the position is 
#lled. Salary will depend on quali#cations and experience. *By providing 
these letters you agree that we may contact your references. [R] 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Ohio U 

Ling uistics, 383 Gordy Hall Athens OH 45701 

Lecturer, English Language Improvement Program 16988 

https://www.ohiouniversityjobs.com/postings/2995 
The English Language Improvement Program (ELIP) in the Linguistics 
Department at Ohio University seeks to hire a Lecturer who can ser ve 
as a vital member of our program team in teaching courses for graduate 
and undergraduate students. We are seeking an educator who is quali#ed 
to teach high-pro#ciency English language learners as well as native-English 
speaking students in both writing and speaking. We are a dynamic 


program o!ering opportunities for professional growth and development. 
This is a full-time position with optional summer teaching. 
An M A or PhD in Applied Linguistics or closely related #eld with Lin


guistics coursework is required, along with at least three years teaching 
ex per ience in a US un iversit y. Plea se see http://www.ohio.edu/ 
linguistics/elip for details on our program. For position description and 
and application visit: https://www.ohiouniversityjobs.com/postings/2995 


Applications accepted until position #lled; for full consideration apply by 


May 29, 2012. 
We seek a candidate with a commitment in working e!ectively with students, 
faculty and staff 
from diverse backgrounds. [R] 


U of Cincinnati, Blue Ash C 

English & Communication, 9555 Plain/eld Rd Blue Ash OH 45236 

Visiting Assistant Professor (212UC0082) 16864 

http://www.ucblueash.edu/ 
The University of Cincinnati Blue Ash College, a two-year regional campus 
located in Blue Ash, OH, invites applications for #ve visiting assistant 

professor faculty positions beginning August 15, 2012 with the possibility 
of a #nal year of renewal for the 2013–2014 academic year. 
This position requires pro#ciency in English and excellent communica


tion skills. We are seeking candidates to teach a combination of four de


velopmental, #rst and second-year writing courses per semester. 
Candidates will be required to demonstrate outstanding teaching performance; 
however, we also encourage participation in program maintenance 
and development activities; department, college, and university 
service, and professional and scholarly activities. Candidates must possess 
training in English and/or rhetoric and composition with at least three 
years of relevant college teaching experience in development and/or #rst 
year composition. 

Job Description: On a full-time, limited term basis Visiting Faculty Members 
principal academic functions include teaching, discovering, creating 
and reporting knowledge. 

Min. Quals.: Appropriate academic degree related to department speci#


cations and prior academic experience. 
Ideal Quali#cations: PhD in English or Rhetoric and Composition prefer 
red. Min i mum of A BD in Eng l ish or R hetor ic a nd Composit ion 
required. Experience in working with a diverse population of open admissions 
undergraduate preferred. 

To apply for position (212UC0082), please see www.jobsatuc.com 
The University of Cincinnati is an a$rmative action/equal opportunity 
employer. UC is a smoke-free work environment. 

U of Dayton 

English, 300 College Park Dayton OH 45469 

Lecturer 16973 

http://www.udayton.edu 
Full-time, non-tenure track position in composition and ESL. One year 
appointment, with possibility of renewal. Responsibilities primarily include 
teaching #rst-year composition, including courses for non-native 

speakers of English This position also involves teaching courses in the intercultural 
Living and Learning Communit y (LLC) for a mix of native 
and non-native speakers of English. 

Minimum Quali#cations: MA in English or a related #eld; record of excellent 
college-level teaching experience in composition; excellent written 
communication skills. 

Preferred Quali#cations: PhD in English or a related #eld; training and/or 
experience relevant to teaching non-native speakers of English; experience 
teaching students from diverse backgrounds; demonstrated intercultural 
sensitivit y; relevant international experience; ability to work e!ectively 
with constituents across campus; excellent oral communication skills. 

The University of Dayton, founded in 1850 by the Society of Mar y, is a 
top ten Catholic research university. The Universit y seeks outstanding, 
diverse faculty and staff 
who value its mission and share its commitment 
to academic excellence in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development 
of the whole person, and leadership and ser vice in the local 
and global communit y. For Department information, visit http://www 
.udayton.edu/artssciences/english/. 

Apply online at http://jobs.udayton.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind= 
53202 with letter of application, one-page statement of teaching philosophy, 
copies of graduate transcripts, and C.V., and have 2 letters of recommendation 
mailed directly to Dr. Sheila Hassell Hughes, Department of 
English, University of Dayton, 300 College Park, Dayton, OH 454691520. 
Deadline for applications: May 15, 2012. 

To attain its Catholic and Mar ianist m ission, the Universit y is com m itted 
to the principles of diversity, inclusion and a$rmative action and to 
equal opportunity policies and practices. We act a$rmatively to recruit 
and hire women, traditionally under-represented minority groups, people 
with disabilities and veterans. [R] 


OK LAHOMA 
Oklahoma SU 

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Visiting Professor (rank open) – Poetry 16991 

http://english.okstate.edu 
One-year appointment or two one-semester appointments, rank open, 
beginning August 2012. MFA or PhD in Creative Writing with signi#cant 
poet r y publications and demonst rated excel lence in teaching required. 
Salary competitive. For further information on the department, 
see our web page at http://english.okstate.edu. . Email letter of application, 
cv, writing sample, three letters of recommendation, and transcript 
to english.information@okstate.edu. To ensure full consideration, applications 
must be received by May 21, 2012. However, we will continue to 
accept and consider applications until the position is #lled. Filling of this 
position is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University 
is an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunity/E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus. 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Visiting Assistant Professors– Composition and/or 
Undergraduate Literature 16889 

http://english.okstate.edu 
Multiple positions possible, one year appointments renewable up to three 
years, starting August 2012. PhD and teaching experience required. 4–3 
course load teaching one or more of the following: composition, lower-division 
literature, technical writing. Salary competitive. For further information 
on the department, see our web page at http://english.okstate.edu. 
To ensure full consideration, applications must be received by May 10, 
2012. However, we will continue to accept and consider applications until 
the positions are f illed. Email letter of application, cv, wr iting sample, 
three letters of recommendation, and transcript to english.information@ 

SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


okstate.edu. Include title of position in subject line. Filling of this position 
is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is 
an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunity/E-Verify employer committed 
to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus. 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Visiting Assistant Professor – Modern/Contemporary Literature 16888 

http://english.okstate.edu 
One-year appointment, beginning August 2012. PhD in English or related 
area, with focus on Modern /Contemporary Literature. Publications 
and teaching experience required. Teaching load 3 courses per semester. 
Salary competitive. For further information on the department, see our 
web page at http://english.okstate.edu. To ensure full consideration, applications 
must be received by May 2, 2012. However, we will continue 
to accept and consider applications until the positions are #lled. Email letter 
of application, cv, writing sample, three letters of recommendation, 
and transcript to english.information@okstate.edu. Include title of position 
in subject line. Filling of this position is contingent upon availability 
of funding. Oklahoma State Universit y is an A$rmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity/E-Verify employer committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater 
is a tobacco-free campus. 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Visiting Assistant Professor – TESL/Applied Linguistics 16890 

http://english.okstate.edu 
One-year appointment, potentially renewable for two years, beginning 
August 2012. PhD in TESL, Applied Linguistics, or related area. Ability 
to teach a broad range of undergraduate and graduate courses in support of 
specializations in Teaching English as a Second Language and linguistics. 
3–3 teaching load. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and evidence of 
related research agenda required. OSU o!ers the BA, MA, and the PhD 
in English with an MA option in Teaching English as a Second Language 
and MA and PhD specializations in Linguistics. For further information 
on the department see our webpage at http://english.okstate.edu. To ensure 
full consideration, applications must be received by May 2, 2012. 
However, we will continue to accept and consider applications until the 
position has been #lled. Email letter of application, cv, writing sample, 
three letters of recommendation, and transcript to english.information@ 
okstate.edu. Include title of position in subject line. Filling of this position 
is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is 
an A$rmative Action/Equal Opportunity/E-Verify employer committed 
to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus. 

U of Tulsa 

English, 800 S Tucker Dr Tulsa OK 74104 

Assistant Dean for Academic English Programs 16946 

http://www.utulsa.edu 

New Position: Assistant Dean for Academic English Programs for International 
Students 
Summar y: The University of Tulsa seeks highly quali#ed applicants for 

the approved position of Assistant Dean for Academic English Programs 
for International Students in the Henry Kendall College of Arts and Sciences. 
The Assistant Dean will be responsible for developing an academic 
English program for matriculated international undergraduate and graduate 
students. The Assistant Dean will report to the Dean of the College 
of Arts and Sciences in consultation with the Chair of English. This is a 
twelve-month appointment, with a preferred start in Summer 2012. 

Preferred Quali#cations: Doctorate in Teaching English as a Second Language 
(TESL), Applied Linguistics, Rhetoric and Composition with specialization 
in ESL/ELL, or related #eld AND 

............................................................................................................................................


gram (IEP) in a university setting; 
......................................................................................................................................sessment 
experience; 

...................................................................................................................... 
................................................................................................ 
.......................................................................................... 
.............................................. 


NAFSA, TESOL, or AAAL); 

....................................................................................H 
........................................................ 


instruction. 
Minimum Quali#cations: Master's degree in Teaching English as a Second 
Language (TESL), Applied Linguistics, Rhetoric and Composition 
with specialization in ESL/ELL, or related #eld AND 

............................................................................................................................................................ 


of a university IEP; 

........................................................................ 
..................................................................................................................................................guage 
teaching and learning; 

.................................................................................................................................................... 


an educated native speaker of English; 

...................................................................................................................................... 


needs for students in the humanities, business, engineering, sciences, and 

law. 
Application review will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is #lled. The anticipated starting date for the position is August 2012. 
Interested candidates should send a letter of application stating research 
and teaching interests, CV and name and contact information for three 
references to: Dr Cher yl Matherly, The University of Tulsa, 800 South 
College Ave., Tulsa, OK 74104. Applications may be emailed to cher ylmatherly@
utulsa.edu. 

The University of Tulsa is an EEO/AA employer. 

PENNSYLVANIA 
A llegheny C 

English, 520 N Main St Meadville PA 16335 

Visiting Assistant Professor, 1 year 16956 

http://sites.allegheny.edu/english/ 
Allegheny College invites applicants for a one-year full-time Visiting Assistant 
Professor position (beginning August 2012) in American Literature. 
Teaching responsibilities include lower-and upper-level American 
literature courses and introductor y literature courses. In addition, all faculty 
are expected to teach #rst year/sophomore seminars that emphasize 
writing and speaking. Teaching load is 3/3 (total of 4 preparations). Quali#
cations: PhD in hand, publications, and a strong commitment to teaching. 
Allegheny College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with 
a dedicated faculty of teacher-scholars. Please send letter of application, cv, 
and dossier to Professor Lloyd Michaels, Chair, Department of English, 
Allegheny College, 520 N. Main Street, Meadville, PA 16335. Review 
of applications will begin Monday, April 30 and continue until the position 
is #lled. Allegheny College is an Equal opportunity Employer with a 
strong institutional commitment to develop a diverse faculty and sta!. For 
more information about Allegheny's English Department visit: http://sites 
.allegheny.edu/english/ [R] 


California U of Pennsylvania 

English, Azorsky Hall California PA 15419 

Full-time Temporary faculty English: American Literature Since 1865 16960 

http://www.calu.edu 
English: American Literature Since 1865-California University of Pennsylvania 
invites applications for this full-time temporary faculty position. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Specialist in American literature, post-1865, to teach upper-and lower-
division literature courses and #rst-year composition. Ph.D. in English required 
at time of application; preference given to candidates with special 
interest in the novel 


For position details and to apply, visit https://careers.calu.edu 


Integrity, Civility and Responsibility are the o$cial core values of California 
University of Pennsylvania. 
Cal U is M/F/V/D/AA/EEO. [R] 


Penn State U, Harrisburg 

Humanities Sch, 777 W Harrisburg Pike Middletown PA 17057 

Instructor of English Composition 16950 

Penn State Harrisburg, School of Humanities, invites applications for two 

(2) non-tenure track positions as Instructor of English Composition effective 
August 17, 2012. Both positions are one-year appointments with a 
teaching load of twelve (12) credits/semester as well as staying current in 
the #eld and providing service to the University and/or profession. Minimum 
of a Master’s Degree in English Composition or related area and at 
least #ve years teaching experience required. M.F.A. or Ph.D. preferred. 
Expertise in one or more of the fol lowing areas is desirable: basic, professional 
and technical writing; rhetoric and composition; and computer-
enhanced writing pedagogy. 
To be considered, please send a cover letter explaining experience and 
match with this description, three letters of reference, evidence of teaching 
e!ectiveness (e.g. syllabi, course evaluations, peer observations), and 
cur r iculum vitae to English Composition Search Committee, c/o Ms. 
Dorothy Guy, Penn State Harrisburg, P.O. Box MLA-36397, 777 West 
Harrisburg Pike, Middletown, PA 17057-4898 or to HBG-HR@LISTS 
.PSU.EDU. Review of applications will begin April 15, 2012 and continue 
until the position is #lled. Penn State is committed to a$rmative 
action, equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. 

Temple U 

English, A nderson Hall, 10th Fl 1114 W Berk s St Philadelphia PA 19122 

Assistant Professor of English 17045 

http://www.temple.edu/english 
The department hopes to make a full-time appointment of a non-tenuretrack 
Assistant Professor (teach ing/instruction) to teach basic wr iting, 
#rst-year composition, and one course each year in undergraduate English. 
Salar y $44,500 with Ph.D.; health bene#ts provided. Please submit c.v., 
transcript for highest degree and three letters of reference which speak to 
teaching ability by July 2, 2012. Training in composition/rhetoric and/or 
TESOL helpful; evidence of strong teaching essential. Address applications 
to Prof. Eli Goldblatt, Director of First Year Writing, Department of English 
(022–29), Temple University, 1046 Anderson Hall, 1114 Polett Walk, 
Philadelphia, PA 19122-6090. Temple is an equal opportunity employer. 
Applicants from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. 

SOUTH CAROLI NA 
Lander U 

Humanities, 320 Stanley Av Greenwood SC 29649 

Lecturer of English and Intensive English 17050 

http://www.lander.edu/Academics/Colleges-Departments/Arts-Hu 
Lander University, a public comprehensive university in the upstate region 
of South Carolina, seeks a lecturer to teach English and ESL, and 

to contribute to the development of an Intensive English Language Program, 
beginning August 2012. 
Position: Lecturer in English or Intensive English Language 
Required: M.A. in applied linguistics or closely related #eld, specialty in 

English as a Second Language. 

Ev idence of excel lent ESL and un iver sit y-level teaching ex per ience, 


scholarship, and service. 
Preferred: Ability to develop and coordinate an Intensive English Language 
Program. 


Please visit http://www.lander.edu/Academics/Colleges-Departments/ 
Ar ts-Hum a n it ies/ Engl ish-Foreign-La ng uages/ Employment .aspx for 
complete application information. 


Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is #lled. 


SOUTH DAKOTA 
South Dakota SU 

English, Scobey Hall, Box 504 Brook ings SD 57007 

Writing Center Director with ESL Experience 16903 

http://www.sdstate.edu/ 
South Dakota State University seeks a formally-trained, Ph.D.-prepared 
Wr iting Center Director who also has training and experience in ESL 
(12-month position); rank level wil l be negot iable and dependent on 
qualif ications. Minimum qualif ications are a Ph.D. in Composition/ 
Rhetoric or related #eld (degree in hand by July 15, 2012); experience 
in tutor training and writing center administration; training and experience 
in ESL; and e!ective oral, written, and interpersonal communication 
skills. The successful applicant must be able to demonstrate an ability 
to formulate and enforce policy, train and supervise a sta!, incorporate 
current pedagogy and administrative practice into the daily operation of 
the center, promote the center’s services across campus, e!ectively teach 
composition and mentor graduate students interested in writing center 
administration, develop and implement both an ESL curriculum and a 
summer institute, and engage in scholarship leading to publication. Additional 
experience or training in the following areas is desired: distance 
learning and community outreach. The appointment is tenure-track and 
carries a 1–1 teaching load. Salary is competitive and commensurate with 
quali#cations. Application deadline is May 25th, 2012. For more information, 
contact Dr. Michael Keller at 605-688-4922 or Michael.Keller@ 
sdstate.edu. To apply, visit https://YourFut ure.sdbor.edu, search by the 
position, and follow the electronic employment process. Paper and email 
applications will not be accepted. Applicants must submit a letter of application, 
CV, and the names and contact information of three references. 
For questions about the electronic employment process, contact SDSU 
Human Resources at 605-688-4128. SDSU is an AA/EEO employer and 
encourages women and members of minority groups to apply. [R] 


U of South Dakota 

English, 414 E Clark St, 212 Dakota Hall Vermillion SD 57069 

Assistant Professor of English 16919 

http://www.usd.edu/english 
The University of South Dakota invites applications for a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor of English with specialization in American Literature, 
1914–1945. Teaching responsibilities focus on courses in modern American 
Literature, and may include general education literature and writing 
courses. Excellence in teaching is expected, both in the classroom and in 
mentoring students outside the classroom. An ongoing research agenda is 
assumed. Housed in the College of Arts and Sciences, USD's English De


partment o!ers BA/BS, MA, and PhD degrees. USD is the state's %agship 
liberal arts university. 
Teach ing ex per ience and a PhD in English (or equivalent) are required; 


publications and presentations are desirable. Anticipated date of appointment 
is August 22, 2012. Salar y is commensurate with rank. To apply, 
submit CV, application letter, graduate transcript, and at least three letters 
of reference via https://yourfuture.sdbor.edu. 


SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


Additional materials may be submitted to: John Dudley, Chair, English 
Department, The University of South Dakota, 414 East Clark Street, Vermillion, 
SD 57069-2390. 


Screening begins immediately and continues until a suitable candidate is 


hired. 
The University of South Dakota is an equal opportunity /a$rmative action 
institution committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty, sta!, 
and students. [R] 


TENNESSEE 
Vanderbilt U 

English, VU Station B, Box 351654 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville TN 
37235 

Mellon Assistant Professor of English 16945 

http://www.vanderbilt.edu/english 
The Department of English at Vanderbilt Universit y seeks a scholar of 
early modern literature for a three-year, non-tenure-track appointment as 
Mellon Assistant Professor of English. Candidates must have PhD in hand 
before the start of the appointment in the fall semester, 2012. In addition, 
in accordance with Mellon Foundation guidelines, applicants must have 
received the Ph.D. no more than four years from the start of the position. 
Please send a letter of application, CV, writing sample, and dossier to 
Mark Schoen#eld, Chair, Department of English, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, 
Station B Box 351654, Nashville, TN 37235-1654. The search committee 
will begin screening candidates on May 15, 2012, but applications will be 
considered until the position is #lled. Women and minority candidates are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Vanderbilt is an A$rmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. [R] 


Vanderbilt U 

Writing Studio, 117 Alumni Hall 2201 West End Avenue Nashville 
TN 37240 

Senior Lecturer in English and Assistant Director of the Writing Studio 16853 

http://www.vanderbilt.edu/writing 
The Writing Studio and the Department of English at Vanderbilt University 
invite applications for the position of Assistant Director of the Writing 
Studio and Senior Lecturer in English. The successful candidate will work 
under the leadership of the Director of the Writing Studio to develop and 
coordinate Studio programs and to train and support undergraduate and 
graduate student sta!. As a Senior Lecturer, this person will also teach one 
literature course per semester in English. This is a 12-month appointment 
beginning July 1, 2012. Contracts are for a three-year, renewable term, 

and renewal will be determined by the agreement of the Writing Studio 
Director and the English Department Chair. 
Ph.D. required at ti me of appointment. Wr it ing center exper ience is 

preferable. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in writing-intensive 
course instruction, knowledge of writing center pedagog y, and a strong 
commitment and creative approach to the development of student services. 

Applicants should send all of the following in order to be considered for 
the position: cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of writing pedagogy, 
sample course syllabus, writing sample (not to exceed 25 pages), and 
names and contact information for three references. 

For consideration, submit a single pdf or Word #le electronically to writing.
studio@vanderbilt.edu or mail to Writing Studio, 117 Alumni Hall, 
2201 West End Ave., Nashville, TN 37240. Screening begins April 2, and 
will continue until position is #lled. Vanderbilt University is an A$rmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer and encourages applications 
from women and minorities. [R] 


TEXAS 
Austin C 

English, 900 N Grand Av Ste 61607 Sherman TX 75090 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 16976 

http://www.austincollege.edu 
The Austin College English department invites applications for a one-year 
sabbatical replacement position in postcolonial, twentieth-century American 
literature, and creative writing beginning August 2012. Ph.D. preferred. 
Strong applications will demonstrate the ability to teach introductor y literature, 
composition, and creative writing courses, as well as intermediate 
topics courses. The course load is 3–3, and review of applications will 
begin immediately. For more information visit http://www.austincollege 
.edu/campus-o$ces/hr Send letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to lslaughter@austincollege.edu (preferred) 
or to Michael Imho!, Vice President for Academic A!airs, 900 N. 
Grand Avenue, Sherman, TX 75090-4400. AA/EOE. [R] 


Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Instructor 17006 

http://www.english.tamu.edu/ 
The Department of English at Texas A&M University invites applications 
for up to three openings for instructors with one-year teaching contract. 
Advanced degree in English (MA or PhD) and teaching experience at the 
college level required. Teaching areas may include composition, technical 
writing, introduction to literature, and/or rhetoric. Applicants should 
submit curriculum vitae along with letter of intent indicating professional 
development beyond the degree to James Hannah, Associate Head/Instructor 
Search/ Department of English/Texas A&M Universit y/4227 
TA MU/College Station, TX 77843 -4227. Dead line June 15, 2012, or 
until position is #lled. Positions begin Fall 2012. Texas A&M University 
is an AA/EEO employer and encourages applications from women and 
minority candidates. [R] 


Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Associate Director for Undergraduate Studies 17004 

http://www.english.tamu.edu/ 
The Department of English at Texas A&M Universit y invites applications 
for a position as Associate Director for Underg raduate Studies at 
the Instructional Assistant Professor level (non-tenure accruing) to start 
Fall 2012 (renewal possible subject to satisfactory evaluation and resources 
permitting). Candidates must have a PhD in rhetoric, composition or a 


related #eld. The position carries an eleven-month appointment with a 
course load of 2/1 for the academic year. 
The Associate Director takes primary responsibility for: 


................................................................................................................................................ 


and curriculum 

......................................................................................................H 
........................ 


training and mentoring for graduate assistants and faculty teaching writ


ing courses 
............................................................................................................................................rating 
writing in courses across the English curriculum 

................................................................................................................................................T 
..........................S 
................................S 
................................................................................riculum 


..........................................................................................................................S 


Application deadline: June 15, 2012, or until position is #lled. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Initial expression of interest may be via e-mail to nwarren@tamu.edu. 
Send cover letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Dr. Nancy Warren, Head, Department of English, Texas A&M Universit 
y, 4227 TA MU, College Station, TX 77843-4227. The selection 
process will begin immediately, and continue until the position is #lled. 
For more information about the department, visit the website at http:// 
www-english.tamu.edu. 

Texas A&M University is an AA/EEO employer and encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates. [R] 


Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Visiting Writer-in-Residence Position 17005 

http://www.english.tamu.edu/ 
The Department of English at Texas A&M University invites applications 
for a one-year position in creative writing (#ction) at the visiting writerin-
residence level to start Fall 2012 (possible one-year renewal subject to 
satisfactor y review and budgetary circumstances). Candidates must have 
an MFA, or PhD with an emphasis in creative writing, with publications 
and demonstrated teaching ability. Courses to be taught may include both 

undergraduate and graduate creative writing. The course load is 3/3 for 
the academic year with a 9 month contract. 
This faculty position is not associated with academic tenure; time in this 

position does not accrue toward a point when a decision to o!er a tenured 
appointment must be made, nor can this position be o!ered concurrently 
with academic tenure. 

Initial expression of interest may be via e-mail to nwarren@tamu.edu. Send 
cover letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to: Dr. 
Nancy Warren, Head, Department of English, Texas A&M University, 4227 
TAMU, College Station, TX 77843-4227. The selection process will begin 
immediately, and continue until the position is #lled. For more information 
about the department, visit the website at http://www.english.tamu.edu. 

Application deadline is June 30 or until the position is #lled. 
Texas A&M University is an AA/EEO employer and encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates. [R] 


U of North Texas 

English, 1155 Union Cir, #311307 Denton TX 76203 

Lecturer 17033 

http://english.unt.edu/ 
The UNT English Department seeks two non-tenure-track lecturers for 
the 2012–13 academic year (one-year contract, possibility of renewal). 4/4 
load, mostly #rst-year writing; occasional opportunities to teach literature 
or creative writing. Required quali#cations include a PhD or MFA 
in English and experience teaching #rst-year college writing. Experience 
teaching college-level literature or creative writing is desirable. Please 
apply to both postings online at https://facultyjobs.unt.edu; include a 
cover letter, curriculum vita, and list of three references. A dynamic, rapidly 
growing institution that is now the fourth largest university in Texas, 
UNT is located in the cultural ly and economically vibrant Dallas/Fort 
Worth area. The University of North Texas is an EOE/ADA/AA institution 
committed to diversity in its employment and educational programs, 
thereby creating a welcoming environment for everyone. [R] 


U of Texas, Tyler 

Lits & Langs, 3900 Universit y Blvd Tyler TX 75799 

Visiting Senior Lecturer in Writing/Writing Scholar In-Residence 16964 

http://www.utt yler.edu/litl 
The Department of Literature and Languages at The University of Texas 
at Tyler invites applications for a one-year position of Visiting Senior Lecturer 
in Writing/Writing Scholar In-Residence in the academic year of 
2012–2013. Ph.D. or A BD in R hetor ic/Composition, or MFA with at 

least 9 credit hours in rhetoric/composition and/or college teaching experience 
is required. Candidates with a secondary concentration in fan-
tasy/game writing are particularly encouraged to apply. Responsibilities 
include teaching all levels of academic and creative writing. Teaching load 
is 4/4. Compensation is competitive based on credentials. 

To apply: send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, (uno$cial) transcript, 
contact information for three references, and writing samples to visitingwritingprof@
uttyler.edu or mail applications to Dr. Hui Wu, Chair, Department 
of Literature and Languages, College of Arts and Sciences, The 
University of Texas at Tyler, 3900 University Blvd., Tyler, Texas 75799. 

Review will begin immediately and will continue until the position is 
#l led. For additional information, contact Dr. Hui Wu at hwu@uttyler 
.edu or visit http://www2.uttyler.edu/ohr/jobopening.php. 

This position is securit y-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 
Section 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain cr im inal history 
record information. The successful applicant must be able to demonstrate 
eligibility to work in the United States. Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. The University of Texas at Tyler is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer. [R] 


UTAH 
Southern Utah U 

English, 351 West Univ Blvd Cedar City UT 84720 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.suu.edu 
Teach 4 – 4 load, i nclud i ng i nt roductor y a nd advanced composit ion 
cla sses, lower-a nd upper-d iv ision Eng l ish method s cour ses, st udent 
teacher super v ision. Potent ia l to teach g ra m mar, young adult l iterature, 
capstone courses. Oversee English: Secondary Education program. 
Other as detailed. Starts August 16, 2012; contingent on funding. Recent 
PhD in English required, with emphasis in education or rhetoric/ 
composition preferred. ABD applicants considered, but must successfully 
defend by start date. Current teaching certi#cation, recent public school 
English teaching experience required. Demonstrated success in teaching 
introductory writing courses. Preference given to candidates with one or 
more of the following: recent experience teaching college-level methods 
courses, recent published work in English education theory or pedagogy, 
graduate coursework in rhetoric and composition, or ESL teaching experience. 
Complete details/apply online at http://jobs.suu.edu. Contact: 
Human Resources at jobs@suu.edu or 435-586-7754. First consideration: 
April 12, 2012; open until #lled. Southern Utah Universit y is an Equal 
Opportunity/A$rmative Action Employer. [R] 


WASHINGTON 
Washington C 

Washington College, Chestertown Chestertown WA 00 

Assistant Professor of Drama 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/bn6q8j6 
The Department of Drama at Washington College invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an assistant professor beginning in August 2013. 
The successful candidate will hold a Ph.D. or MFA, have a strong commitment 
to the collaborative process and a dedication to excel lence in 
theatre education within an undergraduate liberal arts setting. Responsibilities 
will include teaching acting, directing or voice depending on the 


applicant’s area of expertise; upper level and specialized courses will also 
be expected in theater history, literature, or theory. 
Fo r c o m p l e t e p o s i t i o n d e s c r i p t i o n a n d t o a p p l y, v i s i t h t t p s : // 


highereddecisions.com/wcm/current_vacancies.asp. 
Washington College is an equal opportunity employer. 


SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2012 


WEST VIRGINIA 
Marshall U 

English, 1 John Marshall Dr Huntington W V 25755 

Term Instructor 17030 

http://marshall/english 
Two 3 -yea r ter m appoi nt ment s ava i l able, beg in n i ng academ ic yea r 
2013–14. Position is renewable based on performance and funding. PhD, 
MFA, or MA required. Preference will be given to applicants with ability 
to teach introductory composition sequence, writing intensive, critical 
thinking, multicultural, and other speci#c core requirements. Send letter 
of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy, sample syllabi, 
and summar y of teaching evaluations in one PDF #le referencing 
Search 12847 to recruiting@marshall.edu. Also mail three original letters 
of reference to Attn: Stephanie Gray, Search #12847, Marshall University, 
One John Marshall Drive, Huntington, W V 25755-1065. Background 
check required. Marshall is an AA/EEOC institution. [R] 


Marshall U 

English, 1 John Marshall Dr Huntington W V 25755 

Temporary Instructor (Full-Time) 17028 

http://marshall/english 
Multiple one-year appointments available for academ ic year 2012–13. 
Final approval contingent upon enrollment su$cient to warrant assignment 
of position. PhD, MFA, or MA required. Candidates must provide 
strong evidence of excellence in teaching. Primary teaching responsibilities 
will be in the introductor y composition sequence. Submit letter of 
application that directly addresses teaching philosophy, current CV, and 
2–3 representative composition syllabi in one PDF #le referencing Search 
12848 to recruiting@marshall.edu. Additionally, please mail three original 
letters of reference to the following address: Attn: Stephanie Gray, 
Search #12848, Marshall Universit y, One John Marshall Drive, Huntington, 
W V 25755-1065. Deadline: 13 June 2012. Background check 
required. Marshall is an AA/EEOC employer. [R] 


WISCONSIN 
U of Wisconsin, Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of English 16899 

http://www.uwplatt.edu/pers 
Job Details: Tenure-track, full-time position beginning Januar y or Au


gust 2013, with the rank of Assistant Professor. Teaching load is four undergraduate 
courses per semester, including multiple courses in writing. 
Area of specialization: Technical Writing/Professional Writing. Subspe


cialty to enhance our Professional Writing program is desired. 
Quali#cations: Ph.D. in English or related #eld is preferred (minimum 
A BD —PhD to be completed by Aug ust 22, 2013). At least one-year 
teaching experience at the college level, including the abi lit y to teach 
composition, is required. Candidates should include a separate statement 
describing a history of working with or demonstrated commitment to ad


dressing issues of race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, and/or other 
issues of historic marginalization. 
To apply: Submit electronic application in the form of a .pdf #le that in


cludes a letter of application, which addresses all requirements of the position, 
and a curriculum vitae, which includes contact information for three 
references online at: 

https://www.careers.wisconsin.edu/?ID=1043 
Review of applications will begin in August 2012. Applications will be 
accepted until the position is #lled. 

The University of Wisconsin-Platteville is an EEO/AA Employer. Employ 
ment w i l l requ i re a cr i m in a l backg round check. T he na mes of 
nominees and applicants who have not requested in wr iting that their 
identities be kept con#dential, and of all #nalists, will be released upon 
request. [R] 