Modern Language Association 

J 

Job
Information 

List 

I 

L 

eNGLISH Edition • OCTO BER 2006 

Contents 

Accessing the Electronic JIL and Subscription 
Information................................ inside front cover 

Information for Candidates..................................... i 

Sources of Information for Job Candidates ........ iii 

Advice to Search Committee Members and Job 
Seekers.................................................................. iv 

Checklist for Job Seekers........................................ vi 

Dos and Don'ts for MLA Convention 
Interviews.......................................................... viii 

List of Administrations Censured by 
the AAUP .............................................................. x 

MLA Statement on the Use of Part-Time and Full- 
Time Adjunct Faculty.......................................... xi 

Departmental Job Listings
US Colleges and Universities................................ 1
Canadian Institutions......................................... 113
Department Chairs and Other 
Administration................................................... 121
Comparative Literature..................................... 127
Linguistics and ESL............................................ 130
Overseas Institutions.......................................... 132 

 Postdoctoral Listings.......................................... 134


Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 

Subscription Information 

The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The cost of 
an online-only subscription is $38. The cost of a print-only subscription is $50 in the United States and Canada and 
$70 elsewhere. The cost of a subscription to both online and print versions is $70 in the United States and Canada 
and $90 elsewhere. The List is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to 
all other areas; delivery should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are 
projected dates only and are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 

October issue 16 October 2006 
December issue 15 November 2006 
February issue 15 February 2007
April issue 13 April 2007 

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 



Information for Candidates 

The October List contains information on vacancies from departments of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics in US 
and Canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises. The listings 
describe approximately 750 definite or possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies, comments on 
notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position 
has been filled), and notices from departments that expect no vacancies 
but would nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this 
time. Send letters only to departments expressing an interest in a 
person with your qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies 
are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file 
of prospective candidates, you must decide in each case whether it 
is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main body 
of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading, with occasional 
cross-referencing to items in the main body of the List that might also 
be of interest. Candidates should read through the main body carefully, 
however, since the cross-referencing is not exhaustive. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to 
any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita 
sheet to enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter 
of application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed 
at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide 
a convenient opportunity for such interviews (see list of upcoming 
meetings below). 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys 
indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language departments 
have begun recruiting by the end of December and that 
the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting process 
until spring, in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices in their 
departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, candidates 
are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the 
MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications for announced positions either by letter 
or by self-addressed postcards provided by applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive Council 
in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for the cost 
of such shipment; and 

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other 
materials; and 

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 

Professional Meetings 

In addition to the MLA convention (27–30 December 2006, Philadelphia), 
candidates in English, foreign languages, comparative literature, 
and linguistics may be interested in the following regional meetings. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association (RMMLA) 

12–14 October 2006 

Double Tree–Reid Park Hotel, Tucson, AZ 

Inquiries Secretariat at Washington State Univ., Pullman 99164 (509 
335-4198; rmmla@wsu.edu) 

South Central Modern Language Association (SCMLA) 

26–28 October 2006 

The Renaissance Hotel, Dallas, TX 

Inquiries SCMLA Membership Secretary, Department of Languages, 
Literatures, and Linguistics, Univ. of Oklahoma, 780 Van Vleet 
Oval, Room 202, Norman, OK 73019 (405 325-6011; fax: 405 
325-3720; scmla@ou.edu) 

Midwest Modern Language Association (MMLA) 

9–12 November 2006 

Palmer House Hilton, Chicago, IL 

Inquiries Kathleen Diffley, 302 English and Philosophy Bldg., Univ. 
of Iowa, Iowa City 52242-1408 (319 335-0331; fax: 319 335- 
3123; mmla@uiowa.edu) 

Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA) 

10–11 November 2006 

Riverside Convention Center, Riverside, CA 

Inquiries Salah Khan, 4311 SE 29th Ave., Portland, OR 97202 

 South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA) 

10–12 November 2006 

Charlotte Hilton Center City, Charlotte, NC 

Inquiries SAMLA, Dept. of English, Georgia State Univ., GCB923, 
Atlanta 
30303 (404 651-2693; samla@samla.org) 

ii ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2006 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Sources of Information 

for Job Candidates in English 

Prepared by Susan Belasco Smith, University of Tulsa 

For General Advice and Background Reading 

Bay, Libby. “Teaching in the Community College: Rerouting a Career.” 
ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 27–29. 

Deneef, A. Leigh, Craufurd D. Goodwin, and Ellen Stern McCrate, eds. 
The Academic’s Handbook. Durham: Duke UP, 1988. 

Dubrow, Heather. “A World Elsewhere: Teaching in a Liberal Arts 
College.” ADE Bulletin 103 (1992): 38–44. 

Green, Eleanor. “The Job Search: Observations of a Reader of 177 
Letters of Application.” ADE Bulletin 113 (1996): 50–52. 

Gregory, Marshall. “From PhD Program to BA College; or, The 
Sometimes Hard Journey from Life in the Carrel to Life in the 
World.” ADE Bulletin 107 (1994): 20–24. 

Hanawalt, Jean Allen, and Thomas Trzyna. “Applying to Teach at a 
Christian College.” ADE Bulletin 79 (1984): 46–47. 

Malek, James S. “Caveat Emptor; or, How Not to Get Hired at DePaul.” 
ADE Bulletin 92 (1989): 33–36. 

Mangum, Teresa. “Identity and Economics; or, The Job Placement 
Procedural.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 19–24. For an additional 
bibliography on the job search, see Mangum’s Selected List of 
Works Consulted (23–24). 

Showalter, English, et al. The MLA Guide to the Job Search. 1985. 
New York: MLA, Rev. ed. 1996. 

Sledge, Linda Ching. “The Community College Scholar.” ADE Bulletin 
83 (1986): 9–11. 

Thomas, Trudelle. “Demystifying the Job Search: A Guide for Candidates.” 
CCC 40 (1989): 312–27. 

Timmerman, John H. “Advice to Candidates.” College English 50 
(1988): 748–51. 

See also “Special Topic on the Job Market,” Profession 94 (New 
York: MLA, 1994) 57–105, for a collection of essays by Erik D. 
Curren, 
Marta Caminero-Santangelo, Lydia Belatèche, Linda M. 
Lemiesz, Judith 
Pascoe, Gordon Hutner, Robert C. Holub, and Bettina 
J. Huber; “Special Section: The Job Search in English,” ADE 
Bulletin 111 (1995): 4–27; and “The MLA’s 1993–94 Survey of PhD 
Placement,” MLA Newsletter 27.4 (1995): 1–3 and ADE Bulletin 112 
(1995): 40–51. 

For Job Openings 

Chronicle of Higher Education. Published weekly (except in August and 
December). In addition to listing openings under such categories 
as “English,” “Women’s Studies,” or “Writing,” many two- and 
four-year institutions take out large ads that include all their available 
positions. The Chronicle also lists openings in administration, at 
foundations and associations, and occasionally in private secondary 
schools. 

MLA Job Information List. Published four times a year. Four-year institutions 
are more likely than two-year colleges to list openings 
here. 

For Information about American Colleges and 
Universities 

Atwell, Robert, and David Pierce, eds. American Community Colleges: A 
Guide. 10th ed. Phoenix: Oryx, 1995. A state-by-state guide with 
extensive commentary on each institution. 

Barron’s Profiles of American Colleges. 23rd ed. New York: Barron’s, 
1998. Comprehensive, informative guide to four-year, accredited 
colleges; rates selectiveness of admissions. 

Cass, James, and Max Birnbaum. Comparative Guide to American 
Colleges. 15th ed. New York: Harper, 1991. An alphabetical, narrative 
guide to four-year institutions. 

The College Blue Book. 27th ed. 5 vols. New York: Macmillan, 1999. 
The most useful volume is Narrative Descriptions, a state-bystate 
listing of two- and four-year colleges, complete with maps. 

Insider’s Guide to the Colleges, 2000: Students from Coast to Coast Tell What 
Their Colleges Are Really Like. Comp. Yale Daily News staff. 26th ed. 
New York: St. Martin’s, 1999. A sometimes irreverent alternative 
source of information on 300 colleges. 

For Foreign Colleges and Universities 

Commonwealth Universities Yearbook 

International Handbook of Universities 

Both are published every three years in New York by Macmillan. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Advice to Search Committee Members and Job Seekers on 

Faculty Recruitment and Hiring 

Prepared by the MLA Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities 

I. General Principles 

1. Everyone in the profession benefits when job searches go well. 
Timely, open communication can ensure an atmosphere of collegiality 
between departments and candidates, even when the job market 
is tight or institutional circumstances are uncertain. Departments help 
to create such an atmosphere when they recognize how vulnerable 
candidates may feel during a job search; candidates help when they 
recognize that departments may be affected by institutional policies 
largely beyond their control. Problems arising during a job search 
may lead to impressions that damage individuals or institutions; however, 
professional conduct by all parties involved in a job search may 
prevent such problems and can only be beneficial to all. 

2. All job candidates should be treated equitably. Throughout 
any search for new faculty members, departments should adhere 
to nondiscrimination 
and affirmative action guidelines, taking 
particular care not to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnic 
or national origin, religion, disability, age, gender, or sexual orientation. 
The principles of confidentiality should be respected by all 
parties. 

II. Advertising and Initial Screening 

1. Advertisements for an opening should be as specific as possible 
about the availability of the opening (definite, likely, or possible), the 
type of appointment (tenure-track or non-tenure-track), minimum 
degree requirements, field(s) of expertise, minimum teaching experience, 
and any other requirements or criteria. 

2. Applicants should be allowed ample time to respond to advertisements 
of openings, and deadlines for applications should 
be specified whenever possible. Normally, applications should be 
accepted for at least twenty-one days after the announced publication 
date for a given issue of the Job Information List (about 15 
October, 15 November, 15 February, and 15 April). Care should be 
taken to inform applicants of the department’s projected timetable 
for making decisions about interviews at the MLA convention, 
and applicants should be kept informed of their status following 
the initial screening. 

3. Applications submitted in response to announcements 
should be acknowledged promptly and courteously in writing (if 
possible, within two weeks), and care should be taken to inform 
applicants of their status following the initial screening. Acting on 
a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the MLA 
Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications 
for announced positions either 
by letter or by self-addressed 
postcards provided by applicants. 

III. Preparing Applications 

1. The candidate should prepare a dossier, including a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, transcript(s), and letters of recommendation, 
by the end of September, before the October issue of the Job 
Information List. It is the candidate’s responsibility to make sure that 
all requested materials are supplied. 

2. For the purpose of initial screening, a letter of application 
and dossier should normally suffice. To save all parties time and 
money, the committee recommends that departments request 
writing samples and other material only after a preliminary list of 
candidates has been chosen. 

IV. Setting Up MLA Interviews 

1. Candidates should realize that the department advertising in 
the Job Information List normally expects candidates to attend the 
MLA convention for screening interviews. Candidates who do not 
attend the convention may therefore be at a disadvantage. In such 
cases a telephone interview may be an appropriate alternative. Departments 
and candidates should realize that convention attendance 
is generally the most efficient and least expensive way to conduct 
interviews. Departments should make every effort to be represented 
at the convention by at least one member of the search committee. 

2. Departments need to be able to reach candidates quickly 
between 1 and 24 December. Candidates who travel in December 
should supply departments with complete itineraries including 
telephone numbers. Because of the expenses related to convention 
attendance, departments should notify all candidates, including 
those not invited for interviews, of their status as early as 
possible. 

3. Candidates applying from outside North America should 
have a contact in the United States to receive mail and messages. 
Since few departments 
have resources to bring candidates to 
on-campus interviews from outside North America, candidates 
who reside abroad should determine arrangements for any oncampus 
interviews during MLA convention interviews. 

iv ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2006 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



4. To be sure that candidates can get the information they need to 
keep interview appointments at the convention, a department chair 
or search committee chair should stop by the job center soon after 
checking into a hotel, fill out the appropriate forms, and then check 
the “Who’s Where” listing for accuracy. 

5. Departments need to be sure candidates know where the 
interview is taking place. The Job Information Center is set up to 
provide this information. If you plan to use the convention interview 
area, you need to sign in with the Job Information Center and 
hand in your schedule. If you are interviewing in a hotel room, remember 
that the hotel switchboard personnel are not authorized to 
disclose room numbers. You can register your room number and a 
list of interviewees with the Job Information Center, so that your 
room number will be given out only to the candidates with whom 
your department has set up appointments. Departments scheduled 
to begin interviewing on the first afternoon of the convention may 
need to arrive the day before, to avoid missing appointments because 
of travel delays or delays in checking into hotels. 

6. Departments and candidates should plan realistically and adhere 
closely to schedules. When arranging interviews, candidates should 
leave as much time as possible between appointments, keeping in 
mind that they may have to deal with crowded elevators, slow meal 
service, or delayed shuttle buses. Departments should remember that 
interviews that run late may prevent candidates from keeping other 
appointments and that one instance of lateness can multiply into a 
whole series of missed or delayed interviews. 

7. Whether held on or off campus, in person or by telephone, 
interviews should be conducted in a professional manner, permitting 
candidates adequate opportunity to explain and demonstrate their 
qualifications. Candidates and departments should review “Dos and 
Don’ts for Interviews,” by Herbert Lederer, revised in 1995 by CAFPRR 
and reprinted each October in the Job Information List. 

8. Interviewers should make every effort to accommodate candidates 
with disabilities. 

V. Interviewing on Campus 

1. Departments inviting candidates for on-campus interviews 
should pay candidates’ expenses, following standard institutional policies 
for travel reimbursement. Candidates should be told approximately 
how many others are being invited for on-campus interviews. 

2. On-campus interviews represent a large investment of time and 
money for departments; therefore, candidates should not accept oncampus 
interviews if they are not seriously interested in the position. 
Before traveling to a campus, candidates should thoroughly research 
the department’s faculty and programs. Candidates should find out 
what salary range and teaching load have been established for the 
position and should decide in advance what their own minimum 
requirements are. It is important that candidates also determine in 
advance whether their decisions may be influenced by special circumstances 
that should be communicated to the chair. 

3. A department that invites a candidate to interview on its 
campus has an obligation to (a) arrange the logistics of the candidate’s 
stay (local transportation, lodging—including disability 
accommodations, meals); (b) set up interviews with faculty members 
and administrators; (c) provide a tour of the campus and its 
facilities; (d) provide adequate information about the department, 
the university, and the community; (e) plan social activities for 
the candidate; and (f) inform the candidate of the procedures and 
timetable for reimbursement. 

4. Members of departments and search committees should not 
discuss other candidates with a visiting candidate. 

VI. Negotiating an Offer 

1. To minimize misunderstanding and anxiety during negotiations 
about offers, departments should establish ground rules in advance 
and let candidates know what these are before any offers are made. 
Departments should communicate with candidates regularly and 
openly about the status of the search process. All parties should be 
aware that, especially in times of fiscal uncertainty, circumstances beyond 
the institution’s control may delay or disrupt the hiring process. 


2. No candidate should be required before 22 January to give a 
final answer to an offer of a position without tenure for the following 
academic year. After 22 January, candidates should normally be 
allowed two weeks to give a final answer to a formal offer. 

The committee welcomes comments and suggestions from members. Direct 
correspondence to Staff Liaison, Committee on Academic Freedom and 
Professional Rights and Responsibilities, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New 
York, NY 10004-1789. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Checklist for Job Seekers 

The MLA Committee on Careers offers this checklist as an aid for first-time job seekers and as a guide for graduate departments 
about ways they can facilitate the placement of their graduates. As an association, the MLA has a vital interest in establishing 
procedures and practices that make the job search as effective and professional as possible. 

Prepreparation 

. Have you completed your dissertation? If not, do you have a realistic 
schedule for completing it? 

. Have you defined the kind(s) of institution(s) where you would 
like to teach? 

. Have you informed yourself about the job market? Have you 
consulted, for example, the Job Information List, the Chronicle 
of Higher Education, and the ADE Bulletin or ADFL Bulletin 
about the job situation? 

. Have you spoken to recently hired faculty members about their 
experiences in the job market? 

. Have you been realistic in defining the kinds of specialized 
courses you are qualified to teach? Have you articulated what 
you have to offer as a scholar and a teacher? What are the limits 
of the jobs for which you really qualify? 

. Have you spoken to one or more of the following persons about 
the job search: your department placement officer, your department 
graduate adviser, your dissertation adviser, your department 
placement committee, other faculty members who know 
you well and who have shown interest in your work? 

. Have you requested from your department or placement office 
standardized forms for your letters of recommendation? 

. Have you requested letters from three to five faculty members 
who feel positively about you and who know your course work, 
dissertation, and teaching? 

. Have you given your referees sufficient information about your 
record and at least several weeks to prepare their letters of recommendation? 


. Have you estimated the costs of the job search? Although costs 
will vary, it is reasonable to expect to spend at least $700 for 
travel, lodging, food, and incidentals when attending the MLA 
convention. Remember too that you will have duplicating and 
postage expenses, fees charged by the placement office for sending 
your dossier, long-distance phone charges, and expenses for 
purchase or rental of a telephone answering machine to receive 
calls before and after the convention. Although you should expect 
to be reimbursed for travel to on-campus interviews, you 
will probably have to pay airfare in advance. It is a good idea to 
establish credit and acquire a credit card if possible. When you 
are called for an on-campus interview, be sure to ask whether your 
expenses will be reimbursed. 

. Have you requested a mock interview? If your department does 
not regularly schedule mock interviews for job candidates, have 
you discussed with several faculty members the kinds of questions 
you can expect to be asked and issues to be discussed? 

. Have you considered requesting disability-related accommodations 
to facilitate your interview? 

The MLA Convention 

. Have you planned your interview schedule for the MLA convention, 
making sure that you have allowed enough time to get from 
one hotel to another? 

. Do you have the information you need about the school and the 
department to which you have applied (e.g., course offerings, 
college and university requirements, faculty members)? 

. Have you reviewed the list of “dos and don’ts” for interviewees? 

The On-Campus Interview 

. Have you determined beforehand the schedule of your visit and the 
meetings you will be asked to take part in? Have you asked the department 
to add things to your itinerary (e.g., a tour of the library, a 
meeting with students) that were not originally scheduled? 

. Have you inquired in advance of your trip whether you will be 
reimbursed for expenses you incur for the on-campus interview? 
Have you done careful research beforehand about the faculty 
and curriculum of the school you will be visiting? 

. Will you be required to make a formal presentation to faculty 
and/or students while on campus? If so, have you carefully prepared 
this presentation? Are you prepared to discuss your dissertation 
in detail? 

. Have you received all the information you will need in order to 
make a decision if offered a job—information about salary, fringe 
benefits, moving expenses, tenure policies, any other terms of the 
contract, and the amount of time you will have to consider the 
offer? 

. Have you informed the department of any necessary disability- 
related 
accommodations to facilitate your interview? 

vi ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2006 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



After an Offer Is Made 

. Are you well informed about the general financial health of the 
college or university, its enrollment trends, its support for the 
humanities, 
the distribution of majors, and the faculty members in 
your discipline? 

. Are you clear about what your own teaching responsibilities will 
be? Do you know what your course load and approximate class 
sizes will be? 

. Do your research interests have a clear place in the department? 
Have you asked about support for your research, including the 
availability of grants, sabbatical and released time? 

. Do you know the cr iter ia and procedures for tenure and 
promotion? 


. Do you have an informed opinion about the advantages and disadvantages 
of living in the city or town where the college or university 
is located? Have you asked, for example, about housing, 
the cost of living, cultural and social opportunities, local politics, 
and public schools? 

. You should not be required to respond before 22 January to an 
offer of a position without tenure for the following academic 
year. If you receive an offer between 22 January and the middle 
of the summer, you should be allowed two weeks to make a decision. 
But once you have definitely made up your mind about 
an offer, you should accept or reject it immediately: keep in mind 
that other candidates will be affected by your decision. 

Things to Remember If You Don’t Get an Offer 

. The hiring season is not over in January; only the first wave has 
passed by then. 

. While many offers are made in January, an offer in February does 
not necessarily mean that you are a second choice. It may mean 
that the department has had to wait a month to reconvene its 
search committee or receive final approval for funding. 

. You may be on the market too early. The department may not 
have been convinced that you will actually finish your dissertation 
by the time specified. 

. You may have pinned your hopes on too narrow a selection of 
schools. 

. You can still inquire about your status at places where you have 
interviewed. You may still be on their lists. 

. New jobs open up after the MLA convention. Keep reading the 
Job Information List through the summer supplement and consult 
the advertisements in the Chronicle of Higher Education and 
other professional publications. 

. There will be another job market next year. Start preparing for it 
now. The current search will have given you valuable experience. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST vii 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Dos and Don’ts 

for MLA Convention Interviews 

by Herbert Lederer, University of Connecticut 
with revisions by Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, 1995 

The job interview is an event that has caused sufficient anxiety for both interviewer and interviewee to prompt a number 
of publications dealing with the topic. In recent years, concern about discrimination in the hiring process has led to a heightened 
awareness of the possibility of discriminatory intent in the questions asked by interviewers. In order to facilitate the conduct of 
interviews arranged through the MLA Job Information Service, guidelines have been developed for both interviewers and job 
candidates. 

Do 

Schedule interviews at reasonable times and allow for adequate time 

Leave time between interviews for notes 

Read all the information your department has requested in advance 

Ensure freedom from interruption 

Introduce other department members present 

Establish and maintain a pleasant atmosphere 

Be polite and courteous 

Try to put candidate at ease 

Be aware of your own biases 

Ask specific questions 

Elicit all relevant information 

Maintain eye contact 

Ask appropriate questions; explore areas such as education, experience, 
special interests or skills, familiarity with textbooks, teaching 
methods, professional organizations, future expectations 

Discuss candidate’s attitude toward teaching and research in language 
and literature 

Elicit candidate’s interest in specific job 

Provide candidate with clear picture of job 

Explain operation of school and department 

Describe working conditions (course load, other duties, salary, fringes, 
etc.) 

Allow time for candidate’s questions 

Listen attentively 

Ask follow-up questions for clarification or further detail 

Inform candidate of probable time of decision 

Ask candidate’s permission to take notes 

Be on time 

Follow the Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines in meeting 
requests 
for accommodations 

Don’t 

Interview more than one candidate at a time 

Conduct major portion of interview during a meal 

Ask questions about age, marital status, children, religion, medical 
or disability status, sexual orientation, or national origin 

Display boredom 

Doodle 

Produce stress intentionally 

Argue with candidate 

Appear hostile to candidate 

Be patronizing 

Ask for information already in dossier 

Ask leading questions 

Ask yes-no questions if they can be avoided 

Get off on tangents 

Do all the talking 

Describe job in negative terms 

Oversell position 

Downgrade other institutions or candidates 

Tape-record or videotape 

Require candidates to come to campus at their own expense 

Make job offer until all interviews are concluded 

Assume that the candidate’s home institution makes him/her unsuitable 
for you 

The Interviewer 

vii ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2006 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Do 

Review job specifications 

Inform yourself thoroughly about department and institution 

Prepare questions you want to ask (about, for example, teaching load, 
class size, number of majors, range of courses you will teach, library 
resources, etc.) 

Analyze your own strengths and weaknesses 

Request of your department some practice interviewing 

Familiarize yourself with widely used texts 

If possible, allow yourself an hour between interviews 

Be prepared to discuss approaches to languages and literature teaching 

Think about courses you would like to teach 

Be aware of nervousness 

Come on time and follow all the usual protocols of politeness 

Be polite and courteous 

Watch body language (your own and interviewer’s) 

Project interest and enthusiasm, speak up clearly, listen attentively, and 
avoid using terms such as “you know,” “like,” etc. 

Keep eye contact with interviewer 

Be prepared for aggressive questions 

Answer openly, directly, and honestly 

Be specific both in answers and in your own questions 

Inform institution if you receive and/or accept an offer elsewhere 

Try to demonstrate your language ability 

Bring out your strong points 

Talk about special features in your background, skills, experience, interests, 
and goals 

Summarize your qualifications for the job 

Find out when decisions will be made 

Write follow-up thank-you letter 

Be aware that it is your right to request specific accommodations to 
make the interview possible 

Don’t 

Be laconic or loquacious 

Be either apologetic or arrogant 

Appear opinionated or contentious 

Argue with interviewer 

Let yourself be intimidated 

Volunteer negative information 

Downgrade other candidates, jobs, or institutions 

Get off the track or ramble 

Overstay your welcome 

Ask about salary in a convention interview 

The Candidate 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i x 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



List of Administrations Censured 

by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American Association 
of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a 
past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized principles of 
academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, the 
profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. Names are 
placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s Annual 
Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 
does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Association, 
nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in 
question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. Since 
circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not assert 
that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge that, 
before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office and 
prospective departmental colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. Reports 
were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in parentheses 
following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee A,” 
each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . 1963 

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . 1969 

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . 1975 

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . 1976 

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . 1978 

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . 1978 

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . 1980 

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . 1982 

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) . 1983 

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) . 1984 

Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . 1986 

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . 1987 

Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . 1987 

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . 1988 

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May-June 1989, 35–45) . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . 1990 

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . 1992 

Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . 1992 

Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . 1993 

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54–64) . 1993 

Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . 1993 

University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . 1994 

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . 1994 

Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . 1995 

Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . 1995 

St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 
41–46) . 1996 

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . 1997 

Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . 1998 

University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . 1998 

Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . 1998 

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . 1999 

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
(January-February 2000, 54–
63) . 2000 

Charleston Southern University (January-February 2001, 63–77) . 2001 

University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . 2002 

Tiffin University (Ohio) (January-February 2002, 53–63) . 2002 

Philander Smith College (Arkansas) (January-February 2004, 57–68) . 2004 

Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . 2005 

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 
2004, 56–78) . 2005 

New Mexico Highlands University . 2006 

 ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2006 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



MLA Statement on the Use of 

Part-Time and Full-Time 
Adjunct Faculty 

The following statement on the use of part-time and full-time adjunct faculty members was developed by an ad hoc committee of the 
Association of Departments of English and adopted by the MLA Executive Council in February 1994. 

The expansion of the adjunct ranks in language and literature departments 
over the past two decades threatens the integrity of the profession 
and instructional programs. The practice of hiring numerous 
adjunct faculty members year after year to teach courses required of 
large numbers of undergraduates undermines professional and educational 
standards and academic freedom. Although adjunct appointments 
can add significant dimensions to curricula and some individuals prefer 
to accept only adjunct appointments because of other commitments, 
few adjunct appointments are made for educationally sound reasons. 
Indeed, the primary motivation for most of these appointments is to 
reduce the cost of instruction. 

Adjunct faculty members fall into two groups: part-time instructors 
and non-tenure-track full-time instructors. The first group includes 
both instructors who are clearly temporary members of a 
department and instructors who teach from year to year and become 
virtually permanent. Members of the second group have full teaching 
loads but, as non-tenure-track faculty 
members, lack the institutional 
commitment given to their tenure-track colleagues. Graduate 
students are distinct from both groups. 

The conditions under which most adjunct teachers are employed 
define them as nonprofessionals. Often they are hired quickly, as lastminute 
replacements. They receive little recognition or respect for 
their contributions to their departments; almost always they are paid 
inequitably and receive no fringe benefits. 

Excessive reliance on an adjunct faculty can damage individual 
faculty members, students, institutions, and the profession. For the 
sake of an institution’s economic welfare, adjunct faculty members 
are often denied the security that adequate salary, health insurance, 
and professional status can provide. The institution, in turn, suffers 
through the creation of a two-tiered system in which faculty members 
have different responsibilities and expectations. 

In the light of these concerns, the MLA urges college and university 
administrators to make new and concerted efforts to eliminate 
excessive and irresponsible adjunct faculty appointments, to improve 
employment conditions for essential adjunct faculty members, and to 
recognize the professional status and important contributions of such 
teachers. 

The MLA offers the following guidelines for the employment of 
faculty 
members. 

Guidelines 

1. Each department should establish an appropriate limit on the 
number of adjunct faculty members in relation to the number of tenured 
or tenure-track faculty members and of graduate students serving 
as apprentice teachers. The norm in a department should be the 
tenured or tenure-track position. As tenured faculty members retire, 
they should be replaced by tenure-track faculty members. Departments 
that routinely assign a large part of undergraduate instruction 
to adjunct faculty members should reconsider their staffing practices. 

2. All adjunct faculty members should be treated as professionals. 
Each department should develop a set of guidelines for adjunct 
faculty employment. These guidelines may vary from institution to 
institution but should address the following concerns: 

a. Adjunct faculty members should be hired, reviewed, and 
given teaching assignments according to processes comparable to 
those established for the tenured or tenure-track faculty members. 

b. They should be given mailboxes, office space, and clerical 
support. 


c. They should receive adequate introduction to their teaching 
assignments, departments, and institutions. 

d. They should be paid equitable prorated salaries and should 
receive basic benefits such as health insurance. 

e. They should be eligible for incentives that foster professional 
development, including merit raises and funds for research 
and travel. 

f. As appropriate, they should participate in determining departmental 
and institutional policies. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST xi 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



October 2006 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

WRD—Documents—JIL (Oct 06) File: JIL-ENG_list_OCT06_P2T2.indd Job #: 130-20 9/21/06–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


Alabama 

Auburn U Montgomery 

English & Philos, PO Box 244023 Montgomery AL 36124 

Assistant Professor, Tenure Track 562 

Assistant professor position, tenure track. British Romantic literature specialist 
with ability to teach business writing, English composition, and 
literature surveys. Ph.D. in hand by August 2007. Competitive salary 
and opportunities for professional leave and research. Auburn University 
Montgomery is a highly ranked university with a diverse student population 
located in a rapidly growing urban area. Mail cover letter (including 
teaching philosophy), c.v., and dossier to Dr. Alan Gribben, Head, 
Department of English and Philosophy, Auburn University Montgomery, 
P.O. Box 244023, Montgomery, AL 36124-4023. Applications received 
by November 1st receive priority. Interviews will be scheduled for the 
MLA convention. AUM is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
Candidates must be 
authorized to work in the U.S. [R] 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assisant Professor of Early Modern British Literature 850 

http://www.
auburn.edu 

The Department of English at Auburn University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in early modern (16th- 
17th century) British literature, to begin Fall semester 2007. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
literature courses as well as courses in the core curriculum (freshman 
composition and/or 
world literature). 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English or a closely 
related area by the August 16, 2007, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the PhD); experience teaching English at the 
college or university level; graduate course work, a dissertation and/or 
other evidence of academic preparation in the area of early modern British 
literature; evidence of potential for successful research, publication, 
and other scholarly/professional 
activities; evidence of potential for excellence 
in teaching in undergraduate and graduate courses; and evidence of 
potential for collegial participation in the life and work of the department. 
The candidate selected for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements 
to work in the United States at the time appointment is scheduled 
to begin and be able to communicate effectively in English. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
and growing college town, about 90 minutes from Atlanta and less 
than an hour from the Alabama Shakespeare Festival in Montgomery. 
The Department of English offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical 
and Professional Communication), and PhD. Additional information 
is available on the department’s web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2006, to 
George Crandell, Head,Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 845 

http://www.
auburn.edu 

The Department of English at Auburn University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition, 
emphasizing African-American rhetoric and pedagogy to begin 
Fall semester 2007. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
courses in rhetoric and/or 
composition (we offer a concentration 
in rhetoric and composition at the undergraduate level), but with some 
teaching in the core curriculum (freshman composition) and/or 
juniorlevel 
writing. 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English or closely 
related area by the August 16, 2007, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); evidence of successful 
teaching experience at the college or university level; substantial graduate 
course work and a primary research emphasis in African-American 
rhetoric and pedagogy; evidence of potential for successful research, publication, 
and other scholarly/professional 
activities; interest in teaching 
core curriculum courses in freshman composition and/or 
junior-level 
writing; evidence of potential for excellence in teaching in undergraduate 
and graduate courses in rhetoric and/or 
composition; and good potential 
as a colleague for taking part in the life and work of the department. 
The candidate selected for this position must be able to meet eligibility 
requirements for work in the United States at the time the appointment is 
scheduled to begin and be able to communicate effectively in English. 

Desirable qualifications include a broad and deep knowledge of rhetorical 
theory and contemporary composition pedagogy to complement the 
well-defined research program in African-American themes and issues. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and PhD. Additional information is available on the 
department’s website at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2006, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 



ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2006 

WRD—Documents—JIL (Oct 06) File: JIL-ENG_list_OCT06_P2T2.indd Job #: 130-20 9/21/06–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor in African-American Studies 843 

http://www.
auburn.edu 

The Department of English at Auburn University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in twentieth-and twentyf 
irst-century 
African-American studies to begin Fall semester 2007. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
literature courses as well as in the core curriculum (freshman composition 
and/or 
world literature). 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English or a closely 
related area by the August 16, 2007, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); experience teaching 
English or a closely related field at the college or university level; graduate 
course work, a dissertation and/or 
evidence of academic preparation in 
the area of twentieth-and twenty-first-century 
African-American studies; 
evidence of potential for successful research, publication, and other scholarly/
professional 
activities; evidence of potential for excellence in teaching 
undergraduate and graduate courses in African-American literature 
and culture and in teaching undergraduate core courses in composition 
and/or 
world literature; and evidence of potential for collegial participation 
in the life and work of the department. The candidate selected for 
this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in the 
United States at the time appointment is scheduled to begin and be able to 
communicate effectively in English. 

Desirable qualifications include expertise in one or more of the following 
fields: women’s literature and cultural production; African-American 
literary theory; popular culture; African-American drama; queer studies; 
Afro-Caribbean studies. Other desirable qualifications: successful experience 
teaching freshman composition; successful experience teaching 
world literature. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east-central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and Ph.D. Additional information is available on the 
department’s web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2006, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor of American Literature, Late 19th Century to 
the Present 848 

http://www.
auburn.edu 

The Department of English at Auburn University invites applications for a 
tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor of American literature, late 
nineteenth-century 
to the present, to begin fall semester 2007. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
literature courses as well as in the core curriculum (freshman composition 
and/or 
world literature). 

Required qualif ications include an earned doctorate in English or a 
closely related area by the August 16, 2007, starting date (ABDs will be 
considered; however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the 
rank of Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); experience 
teaching English or a closely related field at the college or university level; 
graduate course work, a dissertation and/or 
other evidence of academic 
preparation in American literature, late nineteenth-century 
to the present; 
evidence of potential for successful research, publication, and other 
scholarly/professional 
activities; evidence of potential for excellence in 
teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in American literature and 
culture and in teaching undergraduate core courses in composition and/ 
or 
world literature; and evidence of potential for collegial participation in 
the life and work of the department. The candidate selected for this position 
must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in the United 
States at the time appointment is scheduled to begin and be able to communicate 
effectively in English. 

Desirable additional qualifications include expertise in one or more of the 
following fields: minority literature; Southern literature; gender studies. 
Other desirable qualifications: successful experience teaching freshman 
composition; successful experience teaching world literature. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east-central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and Ph.D. Additional information is available on the 
department’s web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2006, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Samford U 

English, 800 Lakeshore Dr Birmingham AL 35229 

Assistant Professor of English 373 

http://www.
samford.edu 

Full-time, tenure-track position in Film and Literature beginning August 
2007. PhD in English and/or 
Film and evidence of teaching excellence 
required. Course load is 3/3. 
We are beginning a Concentration 
in Film Studies within the English major. As such, teaching responsibilities 
include a genre course on film, History of Film, and Major Auteurs. 
Candidate will also teach literature courses for majors and non-majors as 
well as freshman interdisciplinary humanities and writing courses. Salary 
competitive. Interviews at the MLA convention in December 2006. 

Samford University is the largest privately supported and fully accredited 
institution of higher education in Alabama. Located in suburban Birmingham, 
the university was founded in 1841 and has 252 full time faculty 
and over 4,300 students. 

Applications: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract, 
two page statement of teaching philosophy, and three current letters 
of recommendation to: 

Dr. Julie Gustafson, Chair, Search Committee, Samford University, Department 
of English, 800 Lakeshore Drive, Birmingham, AL 35229-2260 

E-mail: jsstewar@samford.edu 

Complete applications must be received by November 15, 2006. 

Samford University is affiliated with the Alabama Baptist Convention, and 
candidates should be willing to contribute to and promote the school’s 
mission as a Christian university. Samford is an Equal Opportunity Institution 
and welcomes application for employment and educational programs 
from all individuals regardless of race, color, sex, disability, or 
national or ethnic origin. [R] 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

WRD—Documents—JIL (Oct 06) File: JIL-ENG_list_OCT06_P2T2.indd Job #: 130-20 9/21/06–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of Composition/Rhetoric 
897 

http://www.
ua.edu/english 


The University of Alabama invites applications for a tenure-track appointment 
as Assistant Professor in Composition/Rhetoric 
specializing in 
composition research methodology. Desired secondary area: assessment; 
critical pedagogy; history of rhetoric; or ethnic, cultural, or working class 
rhetorics. The position begins 8/16/
07. Develop and teach graduate and 
undergraduate courses; maintain active research and publication agenda. 
Typical teaching load is 2/2. 


Minimum qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric/Composition, 
English, or related 
field; experience teaching composition at the college or university 
level; publications and/or 
presentations in area of specialization; ability 
to teach core courses in composition/rhetoric 
PhD program. Preferred 
qualificaitons: dissertation in composition research methodology; writing 
program administration. 

Send letter of application, cv, unofficial transcripts, statement of teaching 
philosophy, and three letters of recommendation to: 

Search Committee Chair, Assistant Professor in Composition/Rhetoric 
Position, English Department, The University of Alabama, Box 870244, 
Tuscaloosa, AL 35487-0244 

Submit applications by OCTOBER 30, 2006 for best consideration. 
Search continues until position is filled. Applications from Women, Minorities, 
People with Disabilities, and Veterans encouraged. The University 
of Alabama is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Coal Royalty Chair in Creative Writing 909 

http://www.
ua.edu/english 


The Program in Creative Writing at The University of Alabama invites 
applications for the Coal Royalty Chair in Creative Writing. This onesemester, 
non-renewable position is open to poets and prose writers in 
(roughly) alternating years. We have filled this position through the 2007/ 
08 
academic year, and now seek a distinguished writer (preferably a poet, 
possibly a prose writer) for Fall 2008 or Spring 2009. Applicants should 
have at least three published books, significant teaching experience, and 
an appropriate graduate degree. 

Chairholders teach one graduate seminar of their own design, meeting 
once a week; conduct student conferences; and deliver one public reading 
on campus as well as two others in the state under the auspices of the university. 
Chairholders receive a salary for the semester of at least $35,000, 
moving expenses to and from Tuscaloosa, medical benefits, a furnished 
house near campus, and the services of a graduate research assistant. 

Chairholders are required to make Tuscaloosa their principal residence 
during the time of the appointment. 

Tuscaloosa is a city of some 100,000 located on the Black Warrior River 
in west-central Alabama. Birmingham, a dynamic city of one million and 
the home of our nearest commercial airport, is a one-hour drive away. 
The University of Alabama, the “capstone” university of the state with 
a student body of over 20,000, is committed to the support of research 
and the arts. The MFA Program in Creative Writing is over 30 years old, 
and bring to Tuscaloosa talented student writers from all over the United 
States and the world. The faculty includes f iction writers Kate Bernheimer, 
Michael Martone, and Wendy Rawlings, and poets Robin Behn, 
Joel Brouwer, and Patti White. The community of MFA students, numbering 
around 60, produces The Black Warrior Review. Our Bankhead 
Visiting Writers Series brings to campus over a dozen writers each year. 
To get the flavor of our rigorous and innovative curriculum, flexible approach 
to genre, graduates’ accomplishments, and lively local culture, visit 
our website at www.bama.ua.edu~writing. 

To apply, send a letter, vita, and writing sample to Prof. Joel Brouwer, 
CRCH Search Committee Chair, Department of English, The University 
of Alabama, Box 870244, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487-0244. Applications 
are welcome beginning February 1, 2007 and will be reviewed on a continuous 
basis until the position is filled. The University of Alabama is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of British Literature (Modernism) 888 

http://www.
ua.edu/english 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor beginning August 16, 2007. Specialty in 
British Modernism. PhD in English or related field in hand by date of appointment. 
Responsibilities include teaching courses at the undergraduate 
and graduate level in area(s) of specialization (typical teaching load is 2/ 
2), 
maintaining an active research program, and engaging in service at the 
departmental, college, and university levels. Letter and curriculum vita 
should be postmarked no later than OCTOBER 31, 2006. Send applications 
to Search Committee Chair, Modernist Search Committee, Department 
of English, The University of Alabama, Box 870244, Tuscaloosa, 
AL 35487-0244. The University of Alabama is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Poetry) 877 

http://www.
ua.edu/english 


The Program in Creative Writing in the Department of English, University 
of Alabama, invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English to teach poetry writing in our thriving MFA program and undergraduate 
creative writing minor. We seek a poet with at least one published 
book, significant teaching experience and an appropriate graduate 
degree. The typical teaching load is 2/2 
plus thesis direction. All creative 
writing faculty members take turns directing the MFA program. In addition 
to undergraduate and graduate workshop courses, our faculty teach 
a wide variety of self-designed literature and/or 
creative writing classes 
investigating aspects of literary genre, history, and form. To get a sense of 
our rigorous and innovative curriculum, flexible approach to genre, faculty, 
graduates’ accomplishments, and lively local culture, visit our website 
at www.bama.ua.edu/~writing. Position begins 8/16/
07. 

Send letter of application, vita, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
to Search Committee Chair, Assistant Professor (Poetry) 
Search, Department of English, The University of Alabama, Box 870244, 
Tuscaloosa, AL 35487-0244. Review of applications begins OCTOBER 
15, 2006, and continues until the position is filled. The University of Alabama 
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Associate Professor, Writing Center Director 871 

http://www.
ua.edu/english 


The University of Alabama will be hiring an associate level, tenure-track 
Writing Center Director. The Director will join the composition/rhetoric 
faculty at UA’s English Department and will work with the Director of 
Composition to create and design a renovated Writing Center. The position 
begins 8/16/
07. 

The Director will be responsible for training, mentoring, and supervising 
tutors; conducting writing center research and assessment; creating 
and holding writing workshops; developing campus and community outreach; 
developing an on-line writing center; teaching graduate courses in 
the department’s PhD program in composition and rhetoric; and teaching 
undergraduate courses as needed. 



Minimum qualif ications: PhD in Rhetoric/Composition, 
English, or 
related field; publications in area of specialization; experience in writing 
center administration or supervision; ability to teach core courses in PhD 
program in composition and rhetoric. Preferred qualifications: dissertation 
in writing center studies; previous work with on-line writing centers; 
experience teaching basic writing. 

Send letter of application, cv, unofficial transcripts, statement of teaching 
philosophy, and list of references to: 

Search Committee Chair, Writing Center Director Search, English 
Department, The University of Alabama, Box 870244, Tuscaloosa, AL 
35487-0244 

Submit materials by OCTOBER 30, 2006 for best consideration. Search 
continues until position is filled. Applications from Women, Minorities, 
People with Disabilities, and Veterans encouraged. The University of Alabama 
is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Montevallo 

English & For Langs, Sta 6420, Comer Hall Montevallo AL 35115 

Department Chair (Professor or Associate Professor) and Assistant Professor 
of English 976 

http://www.
montevallo.edu/cas/
engforlan.shtm 

2 positions (one in 20th-century 
British Literature, one in Medieval Literature) 
that can be filled in one of 2 ways: 1) as Assistant Professor, or 2) 
as Associate or Full Professor if hired as department Chair. 

The successful candidate will teach in a vibrant, 18-member interdisciplinary 
department that comprises English, Foreign Languages and 
Philosophy. The four-course per semester load (two courses for Chair) 
includes courses in specialty area as well as composition and/or 
World 
Literature. 


The University of Montevallo is a public liberal arts college and member 
of COPLAC. The University is committed to building a diverse and 
broadly trained faculty. We encourage applicants with demonstrated excellence 
in interdisciplinary teaching, a commitment to teaching in a liberal 
arts college environment, and a scholarly research program. 

For more information, please visit: www.montevallo.edu/cas/
engforlan. 
shtm 

Send complete dossier (including graduate transcripts) by November 14th 
to: Search Committee (indicating whether applying for Chair or Assistant, 
and for Medieval or 20th Century), English Department, Station 
6420, University of Montevallo, Montevallo, AL, 35115 

U of Montevallo 

English & For Langs, Sta 6420, Comer Hall Montevallo AL 35115 

Assistant Professor of English and Philosophy 980 

http://www.
montevallo.edu/cas/
engforlan.shtm 

AOS & AOC: Open 

The ideal candidate should have an interdisciplinary background in 
English and Philosophy. Either a PhD in English with minimum 18 
graduate hours in Philosophy, or a PhD in Philosophy with minimum 
18 graduate hours in English will be required. 

The successful candidate will teach Philosophy and English in a vibrant 
interdisciplinary department that comprises Philosophy, English and Foreign 
Languages, and would demonstrate the ability to teach freshman 
composition and world literature at the sophomore level. The four-course 
teaching load will include two philosophy courses and some combination 
of freshman composition and sophomore world literature each semester. 
The composition course will involve argumentation and reasoning, and 
the literature course may have philosophical content. 

The University of Montevallo is a public liberal arts college and member 
of COPLAC. The University is committed to building a diverse and 
broadly trained faculty. We encourage applicants with demonstrated excellence 
in interdisciplinary teaching, a commitment to teaching in a liberal 
arts college environment, and a scholarly research program. 

For more information, please visit www.montevallo.edu/cas/
engforlan. 
shtm 

Send a complete dossier, writing sample and graduate school transcripts by 
November 14th to: Search Committee (Philosophy), University of Montevallo, 
Montevallo, AL 35115. 

U of South Alabama 

English, 307 University Blvd, HUMB 240 Mobile AL 36688 

Assistant Professor of English, Renaissance Literature 765 

http://www.
southalabama.edu/ 

Tenure-track assistant professor of English. Starting date: August 15, 
2007. Applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by starting date and an ability 
to teach upper-division and graduate courses on Shakespeare and major 
Renaissance authors as well as survey courses and, occasionally, freshman 
composition. Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement 
of teaching philosophy, three letters of recommendation, and official transcripts 
to Dr. Cristopher Hollingsworth, Dept. of English, University of 
South Alabama, Humanities 240, Mobile, AL 36688. Review of applications 
will begin November 7, 2006, and continue until the position is 
filled. Inquiries (251) 460-6146 or chollingsworth@usouthal.edu. AA/ 
EEO/
M/F/
D [R] 

U of South Alabama 

English, 307 University Blvd, HUMB 240 Mobile AL 36688 

Assistant Professor of English, Twentieth Century and World Literature 767 

http://www.
southalabama.edu/ 

Tenure-track assistant professor of English. Starting date: August 15, 
2007. Applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by starting date and an ability 
to teach upper-division and graduate courses in twentieth-century 
and world literatures with an emphasis on the post-World War II period. 
Applicants must also be able to teach freshman composition and survey 
courses. Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of 
teaching philosophy, three letters of recommendation, and official transcripts 
to Dr. Cristopher Hollingsworth, Dept. of English, University of 
South Alabama, Humanities 240, Mobile, AL 36688. Review of applications 
will begin November 7, 2006, and continue until the position is 
filled. Inquiries (251) 460-6146 or chollingsworth@usouthal.edu. AA/ 
EEO/
M/F/
D [R] 

U of South Alabama 

English, 307 University Blvd, HUMB 240 Mobile AL 36688 

Director of Creative Writing 770 

http://www.
southalabama.edu/ 

Director of creative writing, rank open. Starting date: August 15, 2007. 
Applicants must have terminal degree in hand by starting date, administrative 
experience, and an ability to teach upper-division and graduate 
courses in fiction, poetry, or creative nonfiction. Please send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, three letters 
of recommendation, and official transcripts to Dr. Cristopher Hollingsworth, 
Dept. of English, University of South Alabama, Humanities 240, 
Mobile, AL 36688. Review of applications will begin November 7, 2006, 
and continue until the position is filled. Inquiries (251) 460-6146 or chollingsworth@
usouthal.edu. AA/EEO/
M/F/
D [R] 



Alaska 

U of Alaska Fairbanks 

English, PO Box 755720 Fairbanks AK 99775 

Fiction Writer-Assistant Professor 536 

http://www.
uaf.edu/english 


The English Department is seeking a fiction writer for a full-time, tenure-
track position in Creative Writing, beginning Fall 2007. The successful 
candidate must have a terminal degree and a published book of fiction 
from a nationally recognized press. Please identify other fields of writing 
or academic specialization. The teaching load is five courses per year. 

To apply for this position, go to https://www.uakjobs.com and click 
on “Create Application” link to select a User Name and Password and 
to create your application. Once you have completed this step you can 
begin applying for jobs on-line by clicking “Job Posting Search.” If you 
need assistance, please contact UAF Human Resources at 907-474-7700 
between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Alaska Time, Monday 
through Friday. 

Applicants must submit 1) a letter of intent, 2) a curriculum vitae, 3) Philosophy 
Statement 4) three letters of recommendation, 5) Official transcripts, 
and 6) a writing sample of up to 25 pages. Online application and 
supporting materials must be received no later than November 18, 2006. 

If you have questions about the position, please contact Dr. Michael 
Schuldiner, Chair, English Department phone (907) 474-7193 or e-mail 
faengl@uaf.edu. 

Founded in 1917, the University of Alaska Fairbanks is the flagship campus 
of the University of Alaska System, and is a Land Grant, Sea Grant, and 
Space Grant institution. The MFA in Creative Writing program is rated 
within the top 100 in the United States. The University of Alaska Fairbanks 
is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and educational institution. [R] 

U of Alaska Fairbanks 

English, PO Box 755720 Fairbanks AK 99775 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of Composition 538 

http://www.
uaf.edu/english 


Tenure-track appointment to begin August 2007. Salary $50,000 for 9- 
month contract. Ph.D. required by begin date. Supervise freshman and 
sophomore core composition classes, direct and train 25 TAs, teach 2/1 
(at least 1 at graduate level) in small department with M.A. and M.F.A. 
programs. This position is an opportunity to take an immediate leadership 
role and help shape a composition program for the future. Additional 
specialties welcome. Founded in 1917, UAF is the flagship campus of the 
University of Alaska system. The campus enrolls 8,000 students and is an 
ethnically diverse Research II university in a rural northern setting. 

Letter and dossier must be submitted online by November 18, 2006. Queries 
may be sent to Dr. Michael Schuldiner, Chair of English at ffmjs@ 
uaf.edu. To apply for this position go to https://www.uakjobs.com and 
click on “Create Application” link to select User Name and Password 
and create your application. Once having completed this step begin applying 
for jobs on-line by clicking “Job Posting Search.” If you need assistance, 
please call 907-474-7700 between the hours of 8 am and 5 pm, 
Alaska Time, Monday through Friday. UAF is an AA/EO 
employer 
and 
is committed to faculty diversity; minority candidates are strongly urged 
to apply. [R] 

Arizona 

Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance Literature 969 

http://www.
asu.edu/english 


Required: PhD in English or a related field by the time of appointment; 
college level teaching experience appropriate to rank; demonstrated 
evidence of potential or ability to teach Shakespeare; and a compelling 
promise of ongoing, high-quality research and publication in any area of 
renaissance/early 
modern studies. (Pending funding approval.) Teaching 
load is 2/2 
for tenure-track faculty with a signif icant research agenda. 
Teaching opportunities are at undergraduate, MA, and PhD levels. Applicants 
must send: Cover letter, vita, at least three letters of recommendation, 
and a brief sample of relevant academic writing to: Chair, 
Renaissance Search Committee, Department of English, Arizona State 
University, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. Application Deadline (no faxes or 
emails): Postmarked by October 23, 2006, if not filled, then every Monday 
thereafter until the search is closed. Initial contact at MLA. All applications 
acknowledged. A background check is required for employment. 
AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Associate or Full Professor in Seventeenth-Century 
British Literature 974 

http://www.
asu.edu/english 


Required: PhD in English or a related field; college level teaching experience 
appropriate to rank; demonstrated evidence of ability to teach 
Milton, appropriate to rank; and a compelling record of ongoing, highquality 
research and publication in any area of seventeenth-century 
literature, 
appropriate to rank. (Pending funding approval). Teaching load is 2/ 
2 
for tenured faculty with a significant research agenda. Teaching opportunities 
are at undergraduate, MA, and PhD levels. Applicants must send: 
cover letter and vita to: Chair, Seventeenth Century Search Committee, 
Department of English, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287- 
0302. Application Deadline (no faxes or emails): Postmarked by October 
23, 2006, if not filled, then very Monday thereafter until the search 
is closed. Initial contact at MLA. All applications acknowledged. A background 
check is required for employment. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Arkansas 

Hendrix C 

English, 1600 Washington Av Conway AR 72032 

Assistant Professor 784 

http://www.
hendrix.edu 

The Department of English seeks applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning in the Fall, 2007. Applicants 
should be qualified to teach modern and contemporary British/Irish 
literature 
and Literary Theory. Applicants must be willing to teach introductory 
and advanced composition, and a one-semester freshman-level 
interdisciplinary commons course. The successful candidate must exhibit 
a serious commitment to undergraduate instruction in a liberal arts environment. 
Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand or supply evidence that 
the degree will have been awarded by summer, 2007. 

The application should include a letter addressing the candidate’s interest 
in teaching in a demanding liberal arts environment, a curriculum vitae, 
three letters of recommendation (including telephone numbers and e-mail 
addresses of the referees), and transcripts of all graduate and undergraduate 
work. Application materials should be sent to Alice Hines, 



Chair, Department of English, Hendrix College, 1600 Washington Avenue, 
Conway, Arkansas 72032. 

Hendrix is a distinguished liberal arts college with an endowment of 
$160 million, sheltering a chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, located in Conway, 
Arkansas, thirty miles from Little Rock at the foothills of the Ozark 
Mountains. The College, related to the United Methodist Church, has a 
strong commitment to excellence in teaching liberal arts. Hendrix is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
Women and members of minority groups 
are especially encouraged to apply. Please visit our website at www 
.hendrix.
edu. 

Application deadline is November 3, 2007. Interviewing at MLA. [R] 

California 

Azusa Pacific U 

English, 901 E Alosta Av Azusa CA 91702 

Medieval British Literature and Language 428 

http://www.
apu.edu/ 

We invite applications for a full-time position in Medieval British Literature 
and Language to join a 16-member department beginning September 
2007. Applicants must have a Ph.D. and demonstrate a strong 
commitment to excellence in both teaching and scholarship. Standard 
teaching load is four courses per semester and includes general education, 
composition, and survey courses as well as upper-division seminars in the 
candidates area of expertise. Experience with both traditional and adult 
learners is preferred. Course releases are available through competitive 
faculty research awards. The successful candidate must have a religious 
commitment compatible with the mission of this evangelical university. 
Send letter of application, vita, statement of Christian faith, and the 
names/addresses/
phone numbers of five references to Michael M. Whyte, 
Ph.D., Provost, Azusa Pacif ic University, P.O. Box 7000, Azusa, CA 
91702-7000. Review of applications will begin immediately; the position 
will remain open until filled. 

Biola U 

English, 13800 Biola Avenue La Mirada CA 90639 

Restoration and Eighteenth-century 
British Literature 199 

http://www.
biola.edu 

Biola University’s English Department seeks applicants with specialization 
in Restoration and eighteenth-century 
British literature for a 3-year fulltime 
appointment with the possibility of becoming tenure track. Secondary 
interests in the history of the English novel, postcolonial literature, 
and critical theory are desirable. Candidates must have Ph.D. in hand 
by August 2007. Faculty teach four courses a semester, both surveys and 
upper-level courses. 

Biola is an evangelical Christian university in which faculty endorse a 
university statement of Christian faith and community values, and are 
committed to the integration of faith and learning. An equal opportunity 
employer, 
Biola is committed to diversity and seeks faculty who can 
contribute to multicultural understandings. Biola serves a student body 
of over 5,500 undergraduate and graduate students, and is accredited 
by WASC. Send letter and CV to Dr. Carol Taylor by November 15, 
2006. [R] 

Biola U 

English, 13800 Biola Avenue La Mirada CA 90639 

Assistant Professor of Colonial and Romantic American Literature 355 

http://www.
biola.edu 

Biola University’s English Department seeks applicants for a full-time 
tenure-track position with expertise in Colonial and Romantic American 
literature. The ability to teach an all inclusive, two-semester American 
Literature Survey is also expected. Secondary qualifications in American 
drama, history of the American novel, and critical theory are highly desirable. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by date of appointment 
(August 2007). Department faculty teach four courses a semester, both 
surveys and upper-level courses. 

Biola is an evangelical Christian university in which faculty endorse a 
university statement of Christian faith and community values, and are 
committed to the integration of faith and learning. An equal opportunity 
employer, 
Biola is committed to diversity and seeks faculty who can 
contribute to multicultural understandings. Biola serves a student body 
of over 5,500 undergraduate and graduate students and is accredited by 
WASC. 

Send letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation by November 
20, 2006, to Dr. Carol Taylor, Vice Provost for Undergraduate 
Education. [R] 

California Lutheran U 

English, 60 W Olsen Rd Thousand Oaks CA 91360 

Assistant Professor of English 388 

http://callutheran.
edu 

www.clunet.edu 

The English Department at California Lutheran University is seeking a 
candidate committed to a small college environment for a full-time, tenure-
track assistant professor position starting fall 2007. 

Requirements: Ph.D. in English/English 
Literature; experience in the 
teaching of English literature before 1660, preferred emphases in both the 
English Renaissance and Shakespearean studies; and an evident interest in 
team teaching a freshman honors course. 

Normal teaching load is three courses (12 hrs.) per semester, including 
freshman composition. Other departmental responsibilities include curriculum 
development and assessment, as well as teaching in areas outside 
your specialty. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial transcripts, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation to Joan 
Wines, Chair, English 

Department, Station 3900, California Lutheran University, 60 W. Olsen 
Rd., Thousand Oaks, CA 91360. Postmark deadline is November 3, 
2006. Initial interviews will take place at MLA. Located between Los 
Angeles and Santa Barbara, CLU is a private, comprehensive university 
and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
CLU celebrates diversity and especially 
invites applications from members of any group that has been historically 
underrepresented in the American academy. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Avenue San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Renaissance through 17th century British 
Literature 358 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl/ 


(Renaissance through 17th Century British Literature with a secondary 
emphasis in Shakespeare preferred). Full-time, academic year, tenure track 
Assistant Professor of English at California Polytechnic State University, 
San Luis Obispo, California, to begin September 10, 2007. Ph.D. in English 
and teaching experience is required. All tenured and tenure track 
faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Duties for this position also include teaching general 
education literature survey courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university 
with a 3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly reasonable research 
expectations. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
To apply, please visit http://www.
calpolyjobs.org, complete a required 
online faculty application and apply to Requisition #101073. Please attach 
to electronic application a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and writing sample. Have three current letters of recommendation 
and official transcript mailed to David Kann, Chair, English Department, 
Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407-0322. Review of applications will 



begin October 23, 2006. Applications received after that date may be 
considered. For questions, please call (805)-756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly 
committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The university 
actively encourages applications and nominations of all qualified 
individuals. EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Avenue San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Generalist in American Literature 360 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl/ 


(Generalist in American Literature. Preparation and experience in Environmental 
Literature strongly desired). Full-time, academic year, tenure 
track Assistant Professor of English at California Polytechnic State University, 
San Luis Obispo, California, to begin September 10, 2007. Ph.D. 
in English and teaching experience is required. All tenured and tenure 
track faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Duties for this position also include teaching 
general education literature survey courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching 
university with a 3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly reasonable 
research expectations. Salary is commensurate with qualif ications and 
experience. To apply, please visit http://www.
calpolyjobs.org, complete 
a required online faculty application and apply to Requisition #101075. 
Please attach to electronic application a cover letter, vita, statement of 
teaching philosophy, and writing sample. Have three current letters of 
recommendation and off icial transcript mailed to David Kann, Chair, 
English Department, Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407-0322. Review 
of applications will begin October 23, 2006. Applications received 
after that date may be considered. For questions, please call (805)-756- 
5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. The university actively encourages applications and 
nominations of all qualified individuals. EEO. 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Avenue San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Victorian British Literature 357 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl/ 


(Victorian British Literature with secondary emphasis in Modern British 
Literature preferred). Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant 
Professor of English at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis 
Obispo, California, to begin September 10, 2007. Ph.D. in English and 
teaching experience is required. All tenured and tenure track faculty teach 
courses in their areas of specialization at the undergraduate and graduate 
levels. Duties for this position also include teaching general education 
literature survey courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university 
with a 3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly reasonable research expectations. 
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. To 
apply, please visit http://www.
calpolyjobs.org, complete a required online 
faculty application and apply to Requisition #101071. Please attach to 
electronic application a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and writing sample. Have three current letters of recommendation 
and official transcript mailed to David Kann, Chair, English Department, 
Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407-0322. Review of applications will 
begin October 23, 2006. Applications received after that date may be 
considered. For questions, please call (805)-756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly 
committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The university 
actively encourages applications and nominations of all qualified 
individuals. EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

Ethnic Studies, San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor, Ethnic Studies Department and Womens Studies Prog., 
Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo 175 

http://www.
cla.calpoly.edu/es 


The Ethnic Studies Department and the Womens Studies Program at Cal 
Poly, San Luis Obispo, invite applications for a jointly appointed, A.Y. 
tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin in September 
2007. One-third of the assignment will be in Womens Studies, 
and two-thirds of the assignment will be in Ethnic Studies; tenure will be 
earned in the Ethnic Studies Department. Candidates must have expertise 
in and be prepared to teach courses related to the intersecting issues of 
gender, race, and science. Expertise in the area of reproductive policy is 
highly desirable. Candidates must also be able to teach both introductory 
and advanced courses in Womens Studies and courses in any one or more 
of the following areas of Ethnic Studies: Africana Studies, Asian American 
Studies, Indigenous Studies, Latino/a 
Studies, Comparative Ethnic Studies, 
or Postcolonial Studies. Duties include teaching, scholarship, advising 
students, and committee service. Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies or comparable 
programs in Social Sciences or the Humanities or closely related area is 
required at the time of appointment. Salary is commensurate with experience 
and qualifications. 

To apply, view detailed application instructions and submit required online 
faculty application at WWW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG for requisition 
#100991. Closing Date: November 13, 2006. The university actively 
encourages applications and nominations of all qualif ied individuals. 
EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

Ethnic Studies, San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor, Ethnic Studies Dept, San Luis Obispo 176 

http://www.
cla.calpoly.edu/es 


The Ethnic Studies Department at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, invites applications 
for a tenure track position at the rank of Assistant or Associate 
Professor to begin in September 2007. Candidates must have expertise in, 
and be prepared to teach courses in one or more of the following areas of 
Ethnic Studies: Africana Studies, Asian American Studies, Comparative 
Ethnic Studies, or Cultural Studies. Duties include teaching, scholarship, 
advising students, committee service, and contributing to the development 
of a newly established major degree program in Comparative Ethnic 
Studies. Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies, or comparable programs in Social Sciences 
or Humanities, is required. Advanced ABD candidates will also be 
considered, but degree must be completed by the time of appointment. 
Salary and rank are commensurate with experience and qualifications. 

To apply, view detailed application instructions and submit required online 
faculty application at WWW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG for requisition 
#100997. Closing Date: November 13, 2006. The university actively 
encourages applications and nominations of all qualif ied individuals. 
EEO. [R] 

California SU, Chico 

English, 400 W. 1st Street Chico CA 95929 

Assistant Professor-British Literature (1660–1800) 918 

The minimum requirement for appointment to this position is an earned 
doctorate in English-at the time of appointment. Demonstrated excellence 
in teaching and a commitment to and evidence of research and publication. 
Scholarly interest in literature in the historical and social contexts 
is desirable. A familiarity with continental literature, Atlantic-community 
history, and feminist studies is welcome. Knowledge of and interest in 
working with Californias diverse student population. Review will begin 
December 1, 2006, and will continue until the position is filled. For full 
consideration applicants must submit a letter of application, dossier, and 



three letters of recommendation to Aiping Zhang, Chair, Department of 
English, CSU, Chico, CA 95929-0830. For more information about the 
university, college, and department, you may visit our Web site at: 

www.csuchico.edu/engl. 
California State University, Chico is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer 
and also only employs individuals lawfully authorized 
to work in the United States. 

California SU, Long Beach 

English, 1250 Bellflower Blvd Long Beach CA 90840 

Assistant Professor of English 561 

http://www.
csulb.edu 

The Department of English at California State University, Long Beach, 
invites applications for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor, beginning 
August 27, 2007. Minimum Qualif ications: Ph.D. at time of 
appointment in English, American Studies, or closely related field; specialization 
in ethnic American literatures, with expertise in two or more 
ethnic American literary traditions. We are screening applicants for their 
potential teaching excellence at the university/college 
level, their potential 
for successful research and scholarly publication, and their ability to 
communicate effectively with an ethnically and culturally diverse student 
population. Desired/Preferred 
Qualif ications: Experience in teaching 
courses in ethnic American literatures; ability to teach courses in literary 
theory and criticism; and potential for developing interdisciplinary links 
in American Studies. Evidence of scholarly research and publication. 

Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae (including current 
email address), a one-page statement of teaching philosophy, three letters 
of recommendation, evidence of successful teaching, and graduate transcript 
to Dr. Eileen S. Klink, Chair/Department 
of English/California 
State University, Long Beach/1250 
Bellflower Blvd./Long Beach, CA 
90840-2403. Screening begins November 1, 2006. For full description, 
see our website: www.csulb.edu/depts/
english/jobopportunities.
html. 
An EO employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Long Beach 

English, 1250 Bellflower Blvd Long Beach CA 90840 

Assistant Professor of English 563 

http://www.
csulb.edu 

Assistant Professor of English (tenure track) beginning August 2007. Minimum 
Qualifications: Ph.D. at time of appointment in English or closely 
related field; specialization in British Victorian literature, 1832–1914. We 
are screening applicants for their potential teaching excellence at the university 
level, their potential for successful research and scholarly publication, 
and their ability to communicate effectively with an ethnically and 
culturally diverse student population. Desired/Preferred 
Qualifications: 
Experience teaching courses in British Victorian poetry, fiction, drama, 
and/or 
nonfiction prose. Ability to teach courses in related literary areas, 
e.g., British novel, 19th-20th-century 
drama, postcolonial studies, science 
fiction/fantasy, 
childrens literature, literary theory. Evidence of scholarly 
research and publication. 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae (including current 
email address), a one-page statement of teaching philosophy, three letters 
of recommendation, evidence of successful teaching, and graduate transcript 
to Dr. Eileen Klink, Chair/Department 
of English/California 
State 
University, Long Beach/1250 
Bellflower Blvd./Long Beach, CA 90840- 
2403. Address email inquiries to Maureen Ettinger (mettinge@csulb 
.edu). Screening begins November 15, 2006. For full description, see our 
website: www.csulb.edu/depts/
english/jobopportunities/
html. An EO 
employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Los Angeles 

English, 5151 State University Dr Los Angeles CA 90032 

Assistant Professor of 18th Century British Literature 310 

http://www.
calstatela.edu/academic/
english 

A tenure-track Assistant Professor in 18th Century British literature. ABD 
or PhD in English with a primary concentration in Restoration and 18th 
Century British literature and an emphasis in drama is required. A PhD 
from an accredited institution of higher education is required for tenure. 
Candidates should provide evidence of scholarly activity as well as the 
demonstrated potential for effective teaching of a wide range of courses 
in their field, as well as in composition and general education courses in a 
multiethnic, multicultural environment. Send application letter, vita, official 
transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to John Cleman, Chair, 
Department of English, California State University, Los Angeles, 5151 
State University Drive, Los Angeles CA 90032-8110 by December 1, 
2006. EO/Title 
IX/ADA 
Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Northridge 

Business Law, 18111 Nordhoff Street Northridge CA 91330 

Full-Time Lecturer of Business Communications 162 

http://www.
csun.edu/blaw/ 


Teach undergraduate business communications courses; assist in developing 
curriculum in the area of business writing and communications to enhance 
student writing and communications skills; engage in a systematic 
program of scholarship resulting in peer-reviewed publications. Teaching 
load is five courses (15 units) per semester. Applicants must have Masters 
degree or higher from an accredited institution in the Business Communications 
discipline or a related field with an active research program 
in the field of business writing and communications. Previous teaching 
experience in the f ield is highly desirable. Candidates must satisfy the 
College’s expectation for professional and academic qualifications of all 
teaching faculty. 

Application Deadline: Preference will be given those applications postmarked 
or received by October 1, 2006. Applicants should forward a current 
resume to Kurt M. Saunders, Chair, Department of Business Law, 
18111 Nordhoff St., Northridge, CA 91330-8375 

kurt.saunders@csun.edu 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor of English Education 501 

http://www.
csus.edu/engl 


Asst. Prof. of English Education, tenure-track position, effective Fall 
2007 (Contingent upon funding). We invite applications for a position in 
English Education with expertise in one or more of the following areas: 
Childrens Literature, Young Adult Literature, English Language Development, 
and Applied Linguistics. The successful applicant will teach 
courses primarily in the Liberal Studies program for prospective elementary 
teachers and in the English Subject Matter Program for prospective 
high school English teachers. College-level teaching experience required. 
Additional experience in teaching K-12 and composition desirable. Ph.D. 
in English required. Salary range (Asst. Prof.): $45,000-$53,000. Fourcourse 
load with diverse student population, committee work, scholarly/ 
creative 
work, advising, and community service. Will accept applications 
until position is filled, but for consideration for an interview at MLA, applications 
must be received by November 20, 2006. 

CSUS is an EOE/AA 
employer. 
Send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, copies of ALL transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Joshua McKinney, Personnel Chair, Department of English, California 
State University, Sacramento, 6000 J. Street, Sacramento, CA 95819- 
6075. [R] 



California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of rhetoric/composition 
studies 1008 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

We expect to hire one or two tenure-track, assistant professor(s) of rhetoric/
composition 
studies, effective Fall 2007. Ph.D. required at the time of 
appointment. Specialization open, but scholars in computers and writing, 
Generation 1.5 studies, histories of rhetoric and writing, and/or 
writing 
center practice are particularly invited to apply. Preparation or experience 
in areas such as American literature, English education, the history of the 
English language, linguistics, young adult and/or 
children’s literature, or 
medieval literature is a plus. Candidates are expected to show evidence 
of promise in scholarship and evidence of commitment and success in 
teaching. Normal teaching load is three classes per quarter. Interview at 
MLA. Please send a letter and vita by November 1, 2006 to Ron Chen, 
Chair, English Department, California State University, 5500 University 
Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 92407. California State University, San 
Bernardino is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diversified 
workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of linguistics 1000 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

We expect to hire one or two tenure-track, assistant professor(s) qualified 
to teach a variety of undergraduate and M.A.-level courses in linguistics, 
TESL, and ESL composition, effective Fall 2007. Ph.D. required at the 
time of appointment. Training or experience in the history of the English 
language is a plus, as are secondary specialties in English education or 
rhetoric/composition 
studies. Candidates are expected to show evidence 
of promise in scholarship and evidence of commitment and success in 
teaching. Normal teaching load is three classes per quarter. Interview at 
MLA. Please send a letter and vita by November 1, 2006 to Ron Chen, 
Chair, English Department, California State University, 5500 University 
Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 92407. California State University, San 
Bernardino is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to a diversified 
workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of fiction writing 991 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

We expect to hire one or two tenure-track, assistant professor(s) of fiction 
writing, effective Fall 2007. A terminal degree (M.F.A or Ph.D.) is required 
at the time of appointment. Primary assignments for this position 
will be fiction writing, with occasional courses in non-fiction writing and 
screenwriting. There will also be courses in literature in each quarter. 
Candidates should have a strong record of publication and demonstrate 
evidence of commitment and success in teaching. Normal teaching load 
is three classes per quarter. Interview at MLA. Please send a letter and 
vita by November 1, 2006 to Ron Chen, Chair, English Department, 
California State University, 5500 University Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 
92407. California State University, San Bernardino is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to a diversified workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of medieval literature 1003 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

We expect to hire one or two tenure-track, assistant professor(s) in medieval 
literature, effective Fall 2007. Ph.D. in English or comparative literature 
required at the time of appointment. The ability to teach the history 
of English is highly desirable. Preparation or experience in areas such as 
English education, linguistics, rhetoric/composition 
studies, young adult 
and/or 
children’s literature, or American literature is welcome. Candidates 
should show evidence of promise in scholarship and evidence for commitment 
and success in teaching. Interview at MLA. Normal teaching load 
is three classes per quarter. Please send a letter and vita by November 1, 
2006 to Ron Chen, Chair, English Department, California State University, 
5500 University Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 92407. California State 
University, San Bernardino is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to a diversified workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of young adult/children’s 
literature 985 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

We expect to hire one or two tenure-track, assistant professor(s) of youngadult 
and/or 
children’s literature, effective Fall 2007. Ph.D. required at 
the time of appointment. A secondary area such as American literature, 
English education, history of the English language, linguistics, medieval 
literature, or rhetoric/composition 
studies is a plus. Candidates are expected 
to show evidence of promise in scholarship and of commitment 
and success in teaching. Normal teaching load is three classes per quarter. 
Interview at MLA. Please send a letter and vita by November 1, 2006 to 
Ron Chen, Chair, English Department, California State University, 5500 
University Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 92407. CSUSB is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to a diversified workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Marcos 

Lit & Writing, 333 S Twin Oaks Valley Rd San Marcos CA 92096 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Studies 69 

http://csusm.
edu/ltwr 


California State University San Marcos invites applications for a tenure 
track position of Assistant Professor of Medieval studies, starting fall 2007. 
Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature. The successful candidate will 
have publications and teaching experience in the field of medieval and 
early modern British literature. We seek candidates committed to teaching 
excellence in general education and at all levels of the curriculum, 
including introductory, general education, graduate courses, and master’s 
thesis supervision. Successful candidates will help us teach towards 
the values articulated in our departmental mission statement available at 
www.csusm.edu/ltwr. 
Interviews will be held at the 2006 MLA convention. 
Please send letter of application and vita to Dr. Yuan Yuan, LTWR 
Search Committee, CSU, San Marcos, CA 92096-0001 by November 1, 
2006, for best consideration. Letters of recommendation and writing 
samples by request. CSUSM is an Equal Opportunity/Title 
IX Employer. 
The University has a strong commitment to diversity and, in that spirit, 
seeks a broad spectrum of candidates including women, members of minority 
groups, and people with disabilities. The position is contingent 
upon funding. [R] 

California SU, San Marcos 

Lit & Writing, 333 S Twin Oaks Valley Rd San Marcos CA 92096 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 257 

http://www.
csusm.edu/ltwr 


California State University San Marcos invites applications for a tenure 
track position of Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, starting fall 
2007. We are seeking a creative writer to teach undergraduate and graduate 
workshops in multiple genres, as well as literature and/or 
film courses. 
The successful candidate will help us achieve the multi-cultural values described 
in our departmental mission statement. Significant publication in 
a primary genre (area open) is essential; publication in a secondary genre 
is helpful. Given our plans for a film and literature concentration and our 



commitment to innovative technology, an interest in screenwriting, film 
studies, digital literature, and/or 
literature in performance would be a 
plus. We seek candidates committed to teaching excellence in general education 
and at all levels of the curriculum, including introductory, general 
education, graduate courses, and master’s thesis supervision. Successful 
candidates will help us teach towards the values articulated in our departmental 
mission statement available at www.csusm.edu/ltwr. 
Interviews 
will be held at the 2006 MLA convention. Please send letter of application 
and vita to Dr. Kenneth Mendoza, LTWR Search Committee, CSU, San 
Marcos, CA 92096-0001 by November 1, 2006, for best consideration. 
Letters of recommendation and writing samples by request. CSUSM is an 
Equal Opportunity/Title 
IX Employer. 
The University has a strong commitment 
to diversity and, in that spirit, seeks a broad spectrum of candidates 
including women, members of minority groups, and people with 
disabilities. The position is contingent upon funding. [R] 

East Los Angeles C 

English, 1301 Av Cesar Chavez Monterey Park CA 91754 

Tenure Track English Instructor 114 

http://info.
laccd.edu/acadjobs/
jobs/jobs.
asp 

East Los Angeles College is seeking applicants for one tenure-track position 
in English. The assignment may include teaching at off-campus centers 
and/or 
evening and weekend classes. 

The newly hired instructor should be prepared to teach the full range of 
English Department courses which inlclude developmental composition, 
advanced composition, literature, critical thinking, and creative writing. 

Loyola Marymount U 

English, 1 LMU Dr, Ste 3800 Los Angeles CA 90045 

Assistant Professor Of English Literature of the Restoration and Eighteenth 
Century 508 

http://www.
lmu.edu 

The department of English at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles 
seeks an assistant professor of English to f ill a tenure-track position 
in English Literature of the Long Eighteenth Century beginning in 
Fall 2007. A Ph.D., a record of successful undergraduate teaching, and 
evidence of a promising research program are required. Additionally, expertise 
in any of the following areas would strengthen the application: 
experience teaching the Survey of British Literature, a secondary specialization 
in the history of English poetry, drama, or fiction, or administration 
of a composition program. The normal teaching load is 3/3, 
often 
including pre-major, major and MA courses. Please send a letter of application, 
a curriculum vitae, and a statement of teaching philosophy and 
research plans to Dr. Barbara Rico, Chair of Search Committee, Department 
of English, 1 LMU Drive, Suite 3800, Los Angeles, CA 90045-2659 
by October 27, 2006. Full dossiers will be requested of selected candidates. 
We will conduct interviews at MLA 2006 in Philadelphia. 

LMU offers a pre-tenure sabbatical and opportunities for research and 
course development grants to support the scholarship and teaching of junior 
faculty. We also have a Housing Assistance Program and a Rental 
Assistance Program to help faculty find affordable housing. 

Loyola Marymount, a comprehensive university in the mainstream of 
American Catholic higher education, seeks outstanding candidates who 
value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence, 
the education of the whole person, and the building of a just society. 
LMU is an equal opportunity institution, actively working to promote 
an intercultural learning community. Women and candidates of color 
are encouraged to apply. For more complete information about Loyola 
Marymount and the English Department, consult our website at: www 
.lmu.edu. [R] 

Loyola Marymount U 

English, 1 LMU Dr, Ste 3800 Los Angeles CA 90045 

Assistant Professor of English in Nineteenth-Century 
British Literature 511 

http://www.
lmu.edu 

The department of English at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles 
seeks an assistant professor of English to fill a tenure-track position in 
nineteenth-century 
British literature beginning in Fall 2007. A Ph.D., a 
record of successful undergraduate teaching, and evidence of a promising 
research program are required. Additionally, expertise in the following 
areas would strengthen the application: experience teaching the Survey 
of British Literature, a secondary specialization in the history of English 
poetry, drama or fiction, or administration of a composition program. 
The normal teaching load is 3/3, 
often including pre-major, major and 
MA courses. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and a 
statement of teaching philosophy and research plans to Dr. Kelly Younger, 
Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, 1 LMU Drive, Suite 
3800, Los Angeles, CA 90045-2659 by October 27, 2006. Full dossiers 
will be requested of selected candidates. 

We will conduct interviews at MLA 2006 in Philadelphia. 

LMU offers a pre-tenure sabbatical and opportunities for research and 
course development grants to support the scholarship and teaching of junior 
faculty. We also have a Housing Assistance Program and a Rental 
Assistance Program to help faculty find affordable housing. 

Loyola Marymount, a comprehensive university in the mainstream of 
American Catholic higher education, seeks outstanding candidates who 
value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence, 
the education of the whole person, and the building of a just society. 
LMU is an equal opportunity institution, actively working to promote 
an intercultural learning community. Women and candidates of color 
are encouraged to apply. For more complete information about Loyola 
Marymount and the English Department, consult our website at: www 
.lmu.edu. [R] 

Pepperdine U 

Humanities, 24255 Pacific Coast Hwy Malibu CA 90263 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing and Director of Creative Writing 
Program 406 

http://www.
seaver.pepperdine.edu/about/
employment 

Assistant Professor, tenure track. Responsibilities include Directing the 
Creative Writing Program, teaching all levels of Creative Writing; engaging 
in productive scholarship and/or 
publication of creative work; advising 
students; and overseeing student literary magazine. Course load: 3–3. 
Qualifications include: Ph.D or M.F.A, university teaching experience, 
evidence of publication, and a commitment to fostering quality teaching 
in a liberal arts environment. Ability to teach literature courses desirable. 
Send letter of application, vita, statement of teaching and publication interests, 
and a statement of perceived fit with the university’s Christian 
and liberal arts mission. Additional materials will be requested as needed. 
Send materials by Nov. 10th to Dr. Maire Mullins, Chair, Humanities 
and Teacher Education Division, Pepperdine University, Malibu, CA 
90263-4225. [R] 

Pomona C 

English, 140 W Sixth St Claremont CA 91711 

Associate Professor-Early Modern Drama 198 

http://www.
pomona.edu 

Associate Professor with tenure. Early modern drama with a specialty 
in Shakespeare and strong secondary interests. Teaching load: 2/2. 
Send 
dossier, including letter of application, curriculum vitae, transcript, and 
three letters of recommendation to Professor Paul Mann, Chair, Department 
of English, Pomona College, Claremont, CA 91711. Application 
deadline: November 1, 2006. Complete applications received by this date 



will receive full consideration. Pomona College, one of the Claremont 
Colleges, is a highly-selective liberal arts college, with a diverse, national 
student body. Pomona College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages 
applications from women and members of under-represented 
groups. [R] 

San Diego SU 

English & Comp Lit, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182 

OPEN RANK Professor of English and Comparative Literature: 953 

http://literature.
sdsu.edu 

Tenure-track specialist in Children’s Literature, desirable secondary 
specialization in Folklore, with distinguished teaching experience and 
publications to teach undergraduate as well as graduate courses. Ph.D. 
in English or Comparative Literature in a relevant field preferred. The 
successful candidate should have demonstrated significant teaching excellence 
and the ability to work with a diverse student population and 
be willing to commit time to department and university service, especially 
working with graduate students. Relevant previous and substantial 
current publications demonstrating expertise and research interest 
in these areas are required. Send applications to include cover letter, 
CV, and dossier (letters of recommendation and official or unofficial 
transcripts) to Sherry Burgus Little, Chair, Department of English and 
Comparative Literature, San Diego State University, 5500 Campanile 
Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-8140. Explain in cover letter how expertise 
in relevant areas is demonstrated by teaching experience and 
publications. Review of applications will begin October 16, 2006. Applications 
should be postmarked by Monday, November 7, 2005. We 
particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university 
and its surrounding urban community. SDSU is a Title IX, Equal Opportunity 
employer 
and does not discriminate against individuals on 
the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, 
marital status, age disability or veteran status, including veterans of the 
Vietnam era. [R] 

San Diego SU 

English & Comp Lit, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182 

Assistant Professor of English and Comparative Literature: in Medieval/ 
Early 
Modern Literature, with 959 

http://literature.
sdsu.edu 

Tenure-track specialist in Medieval/Early 
Modern Literature with expertise 
in Shakespeare to teach undergraduate courses as well as graduate 
courses at the Master’s level. Completed Ph.D. in English or Comparative 
Literature in a relevant field at time of appointment preferred. The 
successful candidate should have demonstrated teaching excellence and 
the ability to work with a diverse student population and be willing to 
commit time to department and university service. Relevant previous 
or current publication demonstrating expertise and research interest in 
Medieval and Early Modern literature is required. Send applications to 
include cover letter, CV, and dossier (letters of recommendation and official 
or unofficial transcripts) to Sherry Burgus Little, Chair, Department 
of English and Comparative Literature, San Diego State University, 5500 
Campanile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-8140. Explain in cover letter 
how expertise in relevant areas is demonstrated by teaching experience, 
publications, and/or 
dissertation. Review of applications will begin October 
16, 2006. Applications should be postmarked by Monday, November 
6, 2006. We particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of 
the university and its surrounding urban community. SDSU is a Title IX, 
Equal Opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate against individuals 
on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, 
marital status, age disability or veteran status, including veteran of the 
Vietnam era. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 341 

http://www.
sfsu.edu 

Opening: Tenure-track Asst. or Assoc. Prof. in Fall 2007. Ph.D. or equivalent 
in Composition/Rhetoric, 
Postsecondary Reading, or related field 
completed by 8/1/
07. Candidates with specializations in literacy studies, 
cognition, composition studies, linguistics/multicultural 
education, and 
adult education are welcome; however, the successful candidate will have 
expertise and an interest in postsecondary reading theory and pedagogy, 
along with a willingness to teach courses in that area, and to eventually 
assume some administrative responsibility for the postsecondary reading 
component of SFSU’s undergraduate/graduate 
Composition Program. 
Knowledge of or experience with teaching ethnically and linguistically 
diverse populations; teaching multicultural texts; and, quantitative and 
qualitative research methods. Review of applications begins 10/15/
06. 
Campus interviews of f inalists expected in late Nov./early Dec. 2006. 
Send cover letter, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, evidence of teaching 
effectiveness, and copies of representative publications to Jim Kohn, 
Chair, English Department (Attn. Comp/PSR 
Search Committee), San 
Francisco State University, 1600 Holloway Ave., San Francisco, CA 
94132. SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of English 338 

http://www.
sfsu.edu 

Openings: Two tenure-track Asst. Prof. in Fall 2007. Ph.D. in hand or 
all doctoral requirements completed by 8/01/
07; university-level teaching 
experience preferred. 1) 20th/21st 
C. poetry in English from the U.S. 
and U.K. Subspecialty in Caribbean, African or other poetic traditions 
preferred. 2) 16th/17th 
C. transatlantic literature, including Shakespeare, 
the Metaphysical and Cavalier poets, Milton, and Colonial American literature. 
Teaching responsibilities include undergrad general education 
through M.A level. Salary competitive, commensurate with qualifications. 
Initial interviews at Dec. MLA meeting in Philadelphia. Applications 
must be postmarked by 11/13/
06. Send cover letter, CV, 3 letters 
of recommendation, and information about teaching range/experience 
to 
James Kohn, Chair, English Dept. (ATTN Lit Search Committee), San 
Francisco State Univ., 1600 Holloway Ave., San Francisco CA 94132. 
SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 340 

http://www.
sfsu.edu 

Openings: Two tenure-track Asst. or Assoc. Prof. in Fall 2007. Ph.D. or 
equivalent in Composition, Rhetoric or related f ield completed by 8/ 
01/
07. Knowledge of, or experience with, teaching ethnically and linguistically 
diverse populations, and knowledge of qualitative and quantitative 
research methods. Teaching responsibilities include graduate courses 
in postsecondary reading and composition theory, pedagogy and research 
as well as undergraduate reading/writing 
and composition courses. Salary 
competitive, commensurate with qualifications. Review of applications 
begins 10/15/
06. Campus interviews of finalists expected in late Nov./ 
early Dec. 2006. Send cover letter, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and copies of representative publications 
to Jim Kohn, Chair, English Department (Attn. Comp/PSR 
Search 
Committee), San Francisco State University, 1600 Holloway Ave., San 
Francisco, CA 94132. SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 



San Francisco SU 

Liberal Studies, Office of Undergraduate Studies 1600 Holloway Ave 
San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor, Liberal Studies (interdisciplinary studies) 941 

http://www.
sfsu.edu/~ls/ 

San Francisco State University, Assistant Professor, Liberal Studies (interdisciplinary 
studies), two tenure-track positions, effective Fall 2007 Teach 
three interdisciplinary courses per semester in one of the Liberal Studies 
subject areas of (a) communication, language, and literature; (b) life sciences, 
physical sciences, and mathematics; (c) behavioral and social sciences; 
(d) creative arts and humanities. Successful applicants will develop 
broadly interdisciplinary, integrative, and writing-intensive capstone 
courses, along with other new interdisciplinary and integrative courses. 

Applications will be reviewed beginning 30 October 2006. 

For qualifications and other information, see full position description at 
http://www.
sfsu.edu/~ls/ 

The Program is particularly interested in recruiting women, ethnic minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. SFSU is an Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Disabilities Act employer 
and has a strong commitment 
to the principles of diversity. [R] 

Scripps C 

English, 1030 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 152 

http://www.
scrippscol.edu 

Scripps College, a women’s liberal arts college with a strong interdisciplinary 
tradition, invites applications for a tenure-track position at the 
Assistant Professor level in 19th and/or 
20th century British f iction. 
Ph.D., evidence of strong teaching and research required. Applicants 
should be prepared to teach the first half of an anthology-based survey of 
British literature (Beowulf to Milton), an introduction to literary criticism, 
and courses in the College’s Core Curriculum in Interdisciplinary 
Humanities. Review of applications will begin November 5, 2006. 
Applicants should send a letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference 
to Professor John Peavoy, Chair, English Search Committee, Box 
1048, Scripps College, 1030 Columbia Avenue, Claremont, CA 91711, 
jpeavoy@
scrippscollege.
edu 

Scripps College is one of seven members of the Claremont Colleges cluster 
located 35 miles east of Los Angeles. In a continuing effort to enrich 
its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment 
opportunities, Scripps College actively encourages applications from 
women and members of historically under represented groups. [R] 

Sonoma SU 

English, 1801 E Cotati Rohnert Park CA 94928 

Assistant Professor in English (Medieval Literature) 711 

http://www.
sonoma.edu/aa/
fa 

Contingent upon funding, tenure-track Assistant Professor of English. 
Required: a Ph.D. in English with a specialization in medieval literature, 
comparative literature with a specialization in medieval literature, 
or medieval studies with an emphasis in literature. ABD candidates will 
be considered. 


Required: the ability to teach courses in British medieval literature. 

Desirable: the ability to develop courses in such additional areas as: 1)European, 
Celtic, or Middle Eastern medieval literature, early world literature, 
rhetoric, linguistics, or mythology; 2) teaching experience or 
interest in teaching general education courses, in particular composition 
and interdisciplinary GE. 

Please see the full position opportunity announcement at the Faculty Affairs 
website: www.sonoma.edu/aa/
fa/tenure_
track.shtml; for questions, 
e-mail merle.Williams@sonoma.edu. An AA/EO 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor 376 

http://english.
berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor (Ph.D. required at time of appointment) position specializing 
in Renaissance literature. The appointment is to be effective 
July 1, 2007, subject to budgetary approval. Candidates should send application 
letter, dossier or at least three letters of recommendation, selfaddressed 
stamped postcard for acknowledgment, and two copies of both 
CV and writing sample of no more than 6000 words to Search Chair, 
English Department, 322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC Berkeley, Berkeley 
CA 94720-1030. All applications must be postmarked no later than October 
30, 2006, to be considered. The University of California is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Refer potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor 379 

http://english.
berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for a tenure-track 
position as Assistant Professor (Ph.D. required at time of appointment) 
specializing in any area of American literature before 1865 (including African 
American, European American and Native American literatures). 
The appointment is to be effective July 1, 2007, subject to budgetary approval. 
Candidates should send application letter, dossier or at least three 
letters of recommendation, self-addressed stamped postcard for acknowledgment, 
and two copies of both CV and writing sample of no more than 
6000 words to Search Chair, English Department, 322 Wheeler Hall 
#1030, UC Berkeley, Berkeley CA 94720-1030. All applications must 
be postmarked no later than October 23, 2006, to be considered. The 
University of California is an Aff irmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 


Refer potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant or Associate Professor 374 

http://english.
berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for an Assistant 
Professor (Ph.D. required at time of appointment) or Associate Professor 
(within 12 years of Ph.D.) position specializing in Renaissance literature. 
The appointments are to be effective July 1, 2007, subject to budgetary 
approval. Candidates should send application letter, dossier or at least 
three letters of recommendation (Associate Professors please include just 
the names and current addresses of three referees), self-addressed stamped 
postcard for acknowledgment, and two copies of both CV and writing 
sample of no more than 6000 words to Search Chair, English Department, 
322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC Berkeley, Berkeley CA 94720-1030. 
All applications must be postmarked no later than October 30, 2006, to be 
considered. The University of California is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Refer potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html 



U of California, Berkeley 

Ethnic Studies Grad Prog, PO Box 2570, 506 Barrows Hall Berkeley 
CA 94720 

Assistant Professor 1047 

Native American Studies Faculty Position 

Pending budgetary approval, the Native American Studies Program 
within the Ethnic Studies Department at the University of California, 
Berkeley, seeks applicants for a fulltime, tenure-track position at the assistant 
professor rank ( job no. 1051). Geographic and substantive specializations 
open, but must focus on Native North America. This hire will play 
critical role in the Programs undergraduate and graduate missions, and 
will help shape curricular and intellectual direction of Programs evolution. 
We seek a scholar with broad and open-ended vision of NAS who 
engages theory at large and will contribute to and thrive in larger dialogues 
in Ethnic Studies and other disciplinary and interdisciplinary fields 
of social and cultural study, enriching both NAS and larger Berkeley and 
national dialogues in the process. Annual course load will include three 
undergraduate courses in NAS and one graduate course in Ethnic Studies 
for PhD students, only some of whom will conduct research on 

Native topics. PhD required. Publications and teaching experience preferred. 
Applications are due by November 13, 2006, for a start date of 
July 1, 2007. Candidates should send letter of application, one writing 
sample or publication, and the names and contact information for three 
references to: 

Search Committee Chair 

Native American Studies Program 

Department of Ethnic Studies 

506 Barrows Hall 

University of California, Berkeley 

Berkeley, CA 94720-2570 

The University of California at Berkeley is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


U of California, Berkeley 

Gender & Women’s Studies, 3326 Dwinelle Hall #1070 Berkeley CA 
94720 

TENURE TRACK POSITION IN SEXUALITY STUDIES 672 

http://womensstudies.
berkeley.edu 

TENURE-TRACK POSITION IN SEXUALITY STUDIES 

Department of Gender and Women’s Studies, University of California 
Berkeley. Open rank (within 12 years of receiving Ph.D.) 

Pending budgetary approval the Department of Gender and Women’s 
Studies at the University of California Berkeley seeks to make an appointment 
in Sexuality Studies, effective July 2007. 

We invite applications from candidates from across the range of the humanities 
and arts, with a strong background in interdisciplinary feminist 
approaches and with a focus on studies of sexuality and race. We would 
like to receive applications from those who study sexuality and race with 
a focus on African/African 
American; Latin American /Latina/Chicana 
; 
or Native American/indigenous 
cultures and diasporas. We are particularly 
interested in theoretically oriented scholars who are conversant with 
queer studies and whose contributions will expand our departmental emphasis 
on transnational feminisms. 

Ph.D. received within the past 12 years, a strong record of research and 
teaching, as well as publication or substantive evidence of scholarly 
achievement and potential are required. Rank: Assistant or tenured Associate 
or Full Professor (must be within 12 years of receiving Ph.D.). 
Applicants should send cover letter; CV and a short writing sample (of 
article-length or no more than 25 pages) plus three letters of recommendation. 
Please direct your referees to the University’s statement on confidentiality 
of records at http://apo.
chance.berkeley,edu/evalltr.
html. 

Send materials to Prof. Trinh Minh-ha, Chair of the Search Committee, 
Department of Gender and Womens Studies, 3326 Dwinelle Hall #1070, 
University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-1070. Please do not send 
materials by email or by FAX. 

Deadline for receipt of applications: October 1, 2006. 

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

Rhetoric, PO Box 2670, 7408 Dwinelle Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor 105 

http://rhetoric.
berkeley.edu 

The Department of Rhetoric seeks to appoint a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor, pending budgetary approval, in political discourse and thought 
in any historical period from ancient to modern. Expertise in areas such 
as aesthetics, literature, race studies, and visual culture is welcome but not 
required. Ph.D., teaching experience, and substantive evidence of scholarly 
achievement and potential are required. Candidates should send cover 
letter, CV, a writing sample of no more than twenty-five pages, and dossier 
with at least three letters of reference. Please direct your referees to 
the University’s statement on confidentiality of records, found at http:// 
apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html. Send materials to Chair, Search 
Committee, Department of Rhetoric, 7408 Dwinelle Hall #2670, University 
of California, Berkeley, 94720-2670. Please do not send materials 
by FAX. Postmark deadline for applications: October 16, 2006. The University 
of California is an Equal 

Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

Theater, Dance, and Performance Studies, 101 Dwinelle Annex 
Berkeley CA 94720-2560 

Open Rank Search in Performance Studies 454 

http://theater.
berkeley.edu 

The Department of Theater, Dance, and Performance Studies is conducting 
an open rank search to appoint a scholar in the field of performance 
studies whose research and teaching experience also engage broadly with 
the disciplines and pedagogies of theater and/or 
dance studies. While the 
Department and doctoral program in Performance Studies seek important 
scholars in a range of sub-fields, we are particularly interested in scholars 
with primary research strength in one or more of the following areas: 1) 
technology, new media, and performance; 2) ethnography and fieldwork 
methods; 3) performance as a transnational formation; 4) performance 
histories pre-1900. PhD, teaching experience, and substantive evidence of 
scholarly achievement are required. Candidates at the associate or professor 
level must show evidence of administrative leadership. Applications 
for assistant professor must be accompanied by three confidential letters 
of recommendation; applicants for associate or full professor must include 
the names of at least three referees. All applicants must submit a writing 
sample. Please direct referees to the University statement on confidentiality 
of records, found at 

http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html. 

Send materials to Shannon Jackson, Chair, Department of Theater, Dance, 
and Performance Studies, 101 Dwinelle Annex, University of California, 
Berkeley, CA 94720-2560. Postmarked deadline for applications is October 
9, 2006. See our website for further information: http://ls.
berkeley 
.edu/dept/
theater/index.
html 

The University of California is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
employer. 




U of California, Davis 

University Writing Program, One Shields Avenue Davis CA 95616 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 1052 

http://writingprogram.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The University Writing Program of the University of California at Davis 
seeks a tenure-line faculty member to teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses in academic writing, professional writing, and the theory and 
practice of the teaching of writing. Appointment will be made at the rank 
of assistant professor or associate professor. Interest in and potential for 
writing program administration required, as is evidence of signif icant 
scholarship, appropriate to rank, in such areas as writing pedagogy, writing/
communication 
in professions, writing/communication 
in disciplines, 
literacy/writing 
of diverse populations, assessment of writing, and 
technologies of writing, among others. Ph.D. in rhet/comp, 
professional/ 
technical 
communication, or closely-related field. Teaching load: four 
courses (quarter system) per year. 

The successful candidate(s) will join an independent writing program at a 
top-flight research university with an established emphasis on writing in 
the disciplines and professions. The University Writing Program publishes 
the award-winning journal Writing on the Edge and enjoys the support 
of Davis’s renowned programs in the sciences, environmental studies, agriculture, 
and engineering, plus close ties with the arts and humanities. 
Located in Northern California’s rich Central Valley, adjacent to Sacramento 
and within easy driving distance of the Bay Area and the Sierras, 
UC Davis offers a superb, diverse environment for teaching and research. 
Website: www.ucdavis.edu. 

Application letter, vita, scholarly writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
to: 

Christopher Thaiss, Search Committee Chair, University Writing Program, 
University of California, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616 

We will begin reading applications on October 20, 2006, and hope to 
complete preliminary interviews in mid November. 

The University of California is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of 
diversity among its faculty and staff. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor in English 593 

http://wwwenglish.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor position in British Literature, 1660– 
1800; specialization could but need not include Transatlantic Literature; 
to begin Fall 2007. 

Candidates must show evidence or strong promise of scholarly productivity 
and a commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Candidates must hold the Ph.D. by 
15 September 2007. 

The position is open until f illed. To ensure consideration prior to the 
MLA convention, send letter of application, c.v., dossier that contains 3 
or 4 letters of support, and a writing sample of no longer than 30 pages 
to Margaret Ferguson, Chair of English, University of California, One 
Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616-8581; all application material should be 
postmarked no later than November 1, 2006. 

The University of California is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of 
diversity among its faculty and staff. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor in English 591 

http://wwwenglish.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor position in Early Modern Literature, 
to begin Fall 2007. 

Candidates must show evidence or strong promise of scholarly productivity 
and a commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Candidates must hold the Ph.D. by 
15 September 2007. 

The position is open until f illed. To ensure consideration prior to the 
MLA convention, send letter of application, c.v., dossier that contains 3 
or 4 letters of support, and a writing sample of no longer than 30 pages 
to Margaret Ferguson, Chair of English, University of California, One 
Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616-8581; all application materials should 
be postmarked no later than November 1, 2006. 

The University of California is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of 
diversity among its faculty and staff. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant Professor in Literary Theory 990 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University of California, Irvine is looking 
for two Assistant Professors whose work is grounded in theoretical 
approaches to literary and cultural studies. Field is open, although we are 
interested in hiring in the following areas: ethnic and diaspora studies, 
gender studies, disability studies, political theory, and rhetoric. A letter of 
interest and curriculum vitae should be uploaded electronically by November 
1, 2006 to the following web site: https://recruit.ap.uci.edu/. 

The University of California, Irvine, is an Equal Opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for Faculty Equity and Diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Associate or Full Professor in Twentieth-Century 
American Literature 804 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University of California at Irvine invites 
applications for a tenured position in Twentieth-Century 
American 
Literature at the Associate or Full Professor rank. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names of three references 
to Michael Szalay, Search Committee Chair, UCI, Department of English, 
Irvine, California 92697-2650. Review of applications will begin on 
October 16. Position will remain open until filled. 

The University of Calornia, Irvine, is an Equal Opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for Faculty Equity and Diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

Film and Media Studies, 235 HIB Irvine CA 92697 

Professor of Film and Media Studies 1055 

http://www.
hnet.uci.edu/filmstudies/ 


The Department of Film and Media Studies at the University of California, 
Irvine, announces one tenured position at Full Professor level beginning 
July 1, 2007. Film and Media Studies is an undergraduate major 
in the School of Humanities. The position includes participation in our 



Ph.D. Program in Visual Studies administered jointly by Film and Media 
Studies and Art History. Visit our web site at http://www.
humanities.uci 
.edu/visualstudies/
Qualifications: Successful candidate will demonstrate 
a commitment to research projects and teaching in the areas of theory 
and history of film. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in an appropriate discipline. 
Applications for this position to include a statement of current 
research, curriculum vitae, writing or publication sample, a statement of 
teaching interests, two sample course syllabi, and names of referees should 
be uploaded electronically. Screening will begin immediately upon receipt 
of a completed application. Please refer to the following website for 
instructions: 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/filmstudies/
academic-employment.php 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: November 1, 2006. Further inquiries may 
be addressed to Search Committee Chair Professor Edward Dimendberg 
by e-mail at ed1@uci.edu. 

UC-Irvine is located in Southern California, approximately halfway between 
Los Angeles and San Diego, and offers easy access to diverse museums, 
archives, and research collections. The campus is home to the 
Humanities Film and Video Center, a state-of-the-art theater showcasing 
innovative film and video programs. The School of Humanities boasts 
the internationally recognized Critical Theory Institute and UCI is also 
the host campus to the University of California system-wide Humanities 
Research Institute. Proof of US citizenship or eligibility for US employment 
will be required prior to employment (Immigration Reform 
Act of 1986). THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER 
COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE 
THROUGH DIVERSITY AND HAS A NATIONAL SCIENCE 
FOUNDATION ADVANCE GENDER EQUITY PROGRAM. 

U of California, Irvine 

Film and Media Studies, 235 HIB Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant Professor of Media Studies 1056 

http://www.
hnet.uci.edu/filmstudies/ 


The Department of Film and Media Studies at the University of California, 
Irvine, announces a tenure track position at the Assistant Professor 
level beginning July 1, 2007. Film and Media Studies is an undergraduate 
major in the School of Humanities. The position includes participation 
in our Ph.D. Program in Visual Studies administered jointly by Film and 
Media Studies and Art History. Visit our web site at http://www.
humanities.
uci.edu/visualstudies/ 


Qualifications: Successful candidate will demonstrate a commitment to 
research projects and teaching in the areas of theory and history of vision 
and visuality, film, television, video or new technologies, new media, 
and digital culture. Candidates whose work addresses Latino/a 
and Latin 
American media, Queer Studies, Sound, and European and Hollywood 
Film are particularly encouraged to apply. Applicants should have a Ph.D. 
in an appropriate discipline. Applications for this position to include a 
statement of current research, curriculum vitae, writing or publication 
sample, a statement of teaching interests, two sample course syllabi, and 
three letters of reference should be uploaded electronically. Screening will 
begin immediately upon receipt of a completed application. Please refer to 
the following website for instructions: http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/ 
filmstudies/
academic-employment.php APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
November 1, 2006. Further inquiries may be addressed to Search 

Committee Chair Professor Fatimah Rony by e-mail at fatimah@uci 
.edu. 

UC-Irvine is located in Southern California, approximately halfway between 
Los Angeles and San Diego, and offers easy access to diverse museums, 
archives, and research collections. The campus is home to the 
Humanities Film and Video Center, a state-of-the-art theater showcasing 
innovative film and video programs. The School of Humanities boasts 
the internationally recognized Critical Theory Institute and UCI is also 
the host campus to the University of California system-wide Humanities 
Research Institute. Proof of US citizenship or eligibility for US employment 
will be required prior to employment (Immigration Reform 
Act of 1986). THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER 
COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE 
THROUGH DIVERSITY AND HAS A NATIONAL SCIENCE 
FOUNDATION ADVANCE GENDER EQUITY PROGRAM. 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 2225 Rolfe Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant Professor of English 124 

http://www.
english.ucla.edu 

The UCLA Department of English seeks applicants for a tenure-track assistant 
professorship in Restoration/18th-
Century 
British Literature, with 
a preferred focus on 1660–1750. Please submit letter, c.v., brief dissertation 
abstract (no more than 500 words), and dossier by November 1, 2006. 
Address applications to: Thomas Wortham, Chair, UCLA Department of 
English, 149 Humanities Building, Box 951530, Los Angeles, CA 90095- 
1530. Position subject to final budgetary approval. UCLA is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 2225 Rolfe Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant Professor of English Modern British and Anglophone Literature 123 

http://www.
english.ucla.edu 

The Department of English seeks applicants for a tenure-track assistant 
professorship in modern Anglophone transnational literary studies. Special 
consideration will be given to applicants whose research and teaching 
will contribute to UCLAs global studies and transnational studies programs. 
Please submit letter, c.v., 20–30 page writing sample, and dossier 
by November 1, 2006. Address applications to: Thomas Wortham, Chair, 
UCLA Department of English, 149 Humanities Building, Box 951530, 
Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Position subject to f inal budgetary approval. 
UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

Film, Television & Digital Media—-Critical Studies, P O Box 951622 
102 E Melnitz Hall, Box 951622 Los Angeles CA 90095 

ASSOCIATE OR FULL PROFESSOR 252 

http://www.
ucla.edu/ 

Film, Television and Digital Media Studies—-Critical Studies 

Date posted: August 28, 2006 

Application deadline: October 15, 2006, or until filled 

Appointment date: July 1, 2007 

The graduate Critical Studies Program of the UCLA Department of 
Film, Television and Digital Media invites applications for a senior faculty 
position (2007–08) at the Associate or Full Professor level. The area 
of specialization is open, but the department is particularly interested in 
candidates with distinguished records in digital, new media, and/or 
television 
studies. Specialization(s) in one or more of the following areas will 
also be considered: American Cinema, Cultural Studies, Non-Western 
Film/Media, 
Asian Cinema, and/or 
European film. Experience teaching 
graduates and undergraduates is expected, as well as a distinguished publication 
record in one or more of the above areas. 

The Critical Studies Program in Film, Television and Digital Media has 
been a leader in doctoral film and television studies since the early 1970s, 
in new media research since the mid-1980s, and currently has a range of 
initiatives that converge the traditional disciplines and methodologies 
of film studies, television studies, cultural studies, and critical race and 
ethnicity studies around new media phenomena. This includes the use 
of digital media, web-design and DVD authoring in film and television 
analysis and research. Our program is uniquely situated in Los Angeles, 
providing opportunities for contact with personnel and organizations in 



the film and electronic media industries. The faculty appointee will have 
access to the largest university film and television archive in the world for 
both research and teaching, as well as extensive library special collections 
in international film, television and media. 

Critical Studies research is pursued within a department that includes four 
graduate professional programs (directing, screenwriting, animation and 
producing). Its faculty has formal relations with the Producers’ Program, 
the Moving Image Archive Studies Program and various UCLA Departments 
and Centers. To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
a representative sample publication, and names and addresses of three references 
(letters will be solicited later in the process) to John Caldwell, 
Chair, Critical Studies Program, UCLA, Department of Film, Television 
& Digital Media, 102 East Melnitz Hall, Box 951622, Los Angeles, CA 
90095-1622. 

UCLA is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
and is committed 
to developing its faculty to better reflect the diversity of our student 
body and the state of California. Women and members of minority 
groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Merced 

Soc Sciences, Humanities, & Arts Sch, PO Box 2039 Merced CA 95344 

Professor or Advanced Associate Professor-American Literature 783 

http://www.
ucmerced.edu 

The School of Social Sciences, Humanities and Arts invites applications 
from distinguished scholars at the Full Professor (preferred) or advanced 
Associate Professor level in the area of American Literature. This is a 
unique opportunity for an outstanding individual to join the faculty at a 
new University of California campus. We seek applicants with an exceptional 
record of research and teaching in American Literature. Preferred 
areas of expertise include Early American Literature and Ethnic Literatures, 
but applicants who work in other areas will be considered as well. 
Qualifications include a doctorate in English, Literature, Ethnic Studies, 
or an appropriate related field. The candidate should be a recognized 
leader in his/her 
field of research at the national and international level 
and be eligible for the rank of Professor, although exceptional less senior 
candidates will be considered for appointment as an Associate Professor. 
The candidate should also have an outstanding record as a teacher and 
in service to his/her 
academic community. Candidates with interdisciplinary 
vision and experience are encouraged to apply. Successful candidates 
may be considered for the Vincent Hillyer Chair in Early Literature 
if appropriate to f ield of expertise. To apply or for more information, 
please visit our website: http://jobs.
ucmerced.edu/n/
academic/position. 
jsf?positionId=623. AA/EOE. 


U of California, Riverside 

English, 900 University Av Riverside CA 92521 

Open Rank Professor of African American literature 171 

http://www.
english.ucr.edu/ 

African American Literature. UC Riverside English Department is recruiting 
for an open rank position in African American literature, beginning 
July 1, 2007. PhD is required, as are teaching experience and a 
dedication to teaching excellence. A record or compelling promise of research 
publication is required for a junior level appointment. A national 
reputation in the field and established publication record is required for a 
senior appointment. Salary and rank are commensurate with education, 
experience, and publication record. Please send a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, 20–25 pp. writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
sent by the referees or in an academic placement file. Review 
of applications will begin November 15, 2006 and the position will be 
open until filled. Applications should be addressed to Katherine Kinney, 
Chair, Department of English-40, University of California, Riverside, 
Riverside, CA 92521-0323. All applicants will receive acknowledgement 
of receipt of the application. Candidates may be interviewed at the MLA 
convention in Philadelphia. UCR is an EO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of California, San Diego 

Lit, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093 

Advanced Assistant to Full Professor of African American/Diaspora 
Literature & Culture 24 

http://liteature.
ucsd.edu 

Advanced Assistant to Full Professor of Nineteenth and/or 
Twentieth- 
Century 
African American/African 
diaspora literature and culture, effective 
7/1/
2007. Particular interest in applicants who situate their studies 
within the contexts of U.S. cultural studies, comparative diaspora studies, 
gender and sexuality studies, popular culture, and/or 
transnational or 
postcolonial studies. Teaching and research interests should be demonstrably 
compatible with those of a historical, cross-cultural, and interdisciplinary 
department of literature, which encourages comparative, transnational 
approaches. Record of, or proven potential for, distinguished scholarship 
and effective teaching at both graduate and undergraduate levels required. 
Applicants are welcome to include in their cover letters a personal statement 
summarizing teaching experience and interests, leadership efforts, 
and/or 
contributions to diversity. 

Salary is commensurate with experience and based on UC pay scale. Immigration 
status of non-citizens should be stated in CV. Send letter of application, 
CV, dossier, and sample(s) of published work to: 

African American/Diaspora 
Search Committee Chair, Department of 
Literature 0410, University of California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0410, Telephone: 858-534-4618 

Refer to position #143MLA. No electronic applications are accepted. For 
return of writing sample(s), enclose a large self-addressed envelope with 
adequate postage. 

Closing date is November 15, 2006. 

UCSD is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity. Applicants are invited to preview campus 
diversity resources and programs at http://diversity.
ucsd.edu (Diversity at 
UC San Diego). [R] 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Rank open: tenure track or senior level 147 

http://www.
english.ucsb.edu 

We invite applications in African American literary studies. Although we 
have a special interest in the pre-1900 period, all strong candidates will be 
considered. We expect that successful candidates will contribute to new 
collaborative research and teaching initiatives within the department and 
that their interests will intersect with one or more of our departmental 
concerns with historicity and historical studies, contemporary theory and 
culture, and the public humanities (see description at http://www.
english.
ucsb.edu/). 

The department is especially interested in candidates who will enhance 
the diversity and excellence of the academic community through research, 
teaching, and service. Send letter of application, c.v., three letters 
of recommendation, and a writing sample (30 page limit) to: Professor 
Carl Gutiérrez-Jones; Search Committee Chair; Department of English; 
University of California/Santa 
Barbara; Santa Barbara, CA 93106-3170. 

Salary and rank dependent on qualifications; Ph.D. required by time of 
appointment. Effective date of position: July 1, 2007. To ensure full consideration, 
applications should be received by October 25, 2006. Receipt 
of all applications will be acknowledged. 

UC Santa Barbara is an Equa l Oppor tunity/Af 
f irmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 



U of California, Santa Cruz 

Literature, 1156 High St Santa Cruz CA 95064 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Poetry) and Literature 725 

http://www.
ucsc.edu 

The Department of Literature at University of California, Santa Cruz, invites 
applications for a tenure-track position in creative writing. We seek a 
poet with a broad range of interests. Teaching assignments include creative 
writing workshops and courses in literature. Will be expected to teach 
large undergraduate lecture courses as well as small advanced seminars, 
participate in running the reading series, and work actively with undergraduates, 
graduate students and faculty to invigorate the poetry program. 
This position carries a f ive-course-equivalency workload, which normally 
means teaching four courses over three quarters and carrying out 
other academic and service responsibilities. Must be able to work with 
students and faculty from a wide range of social and cultural backgrounds. 
Especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and 
excellence of the academic community through their writing, research, 
teaching and/or 
service. 

RANK: Assistant Professor I-III 

SALARY: $46,300 $51,700, commensurate with qualif ications and 
experience 


QUALIFICATIONS: M.F.A. in poetry or a significant record of publication 
in poetry required; creative talent of a high order as testified to in letters 
of recommendation and as manifest in published and/or 
unpublished 
writing required; demonstrated record of successful college level teaching 
required; Ph.D. desirable; work in other genres desirable; ability to work 
in a language other than English desirable (e.g., translation, knowledge of 
and ability to teach a non-anglophone literature, etc.) 

EFFECTIVE: Fall 2007 

APPLY TO: Send informative letter of application (clearly outlining educational 
background, teaching experience, and publication record), vitae, 
and three current letters of recommendation (2004 or later, all letters will 
be treated as confidential documents; direct your references to UCSCs 
confidentiality statement at http://ucsc.
edu/ahr/
policies/confstm.
htm) to: 

Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of Literature, University 
of California, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 

Please refer to Position #509 in your reply. 

CLOSING DATE: November 15, 2006 

UC Santa Cruz is nestled within 2,000 acres of redwood forest and meadows, 
overlooking the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary of California’s 
Central Coast, about 70 miles from San Francisco and 30 miles 
from Silicon Valley. Information about UC Santa Cruz is available on our 
Website at http://www.
ucsc.edu. 

UCSC is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Employment Opportunit y 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of San Diego 

English, 5998 Alcala Park San Diego CA 92110 

Assistant Professor of English in Creative Writing 806 

http://www.
sandiego.edu/english/ 


The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor position in creative writing, effective Fall 2007. We welcome 
applicants specializing in the writing of poetry and/or 
fiction. 

Teaching load is three courses per semester and will include both literature 
and writing courses. Candidates should have publications, a strong 
commitment to undergraduate teaching, and an M.F.A. or Ph.D. in creative 
writing or a Ph.D. in literature. 

USD, an independent Catholic university, is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Send letter of application, dossier, and a representative sample 
(maximum 15 pages) of your work by November 1 to Fred Miller Robinson, 
Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of San Diego, 5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA, 92110-2492. 
We will conduct interviews at MLA 2006 in Philadelphia. [R] 

U of San Diego 

English, 5998 Alcala Park San Diego CA 92110 

Assistant Professor of English in Middle English Literature 810 

http://www.
sandiego.edu/english/ 


The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor position in Middle English literature, effective Fall 2007. We 
welcome applicants with a specialty other than or in addition to Chaucer. 

Teaching load is three courses per semester and may include courses in 
British Literature to 1800 or Development of the English Language, as 
well as upper-and lower-division courses in medieval literature. Candidates 
should have Ph.D. in English by Fall 2007, with a specialization in 
later medieval literature, a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching, 
and a developing record of publication. 

USD, an independent Catholic university, is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Send letter of application and dossier by November 1 to Eren 
Branch, Chair, Department of English, University of San Diego, 5998 Alcala 
Park, San Diego, CA, 92110-2492. We will conduct interviews at 
MLA 2006 in Philadelphia. [R] 

U of San Francisco 

Rhetoric & Composition, 2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117 

Assistant Professor: Rhetoric & Composition 541 

http://usfca.
edu 

The Program in Rhetoric and Composition of the Department of Communication 
Studies at the University of San Francisco invites applications 
for a full-time renewable term position at the Assistant Professor level, 
to begin in Fall 2007. Salary and benefits are competitive. The programs 
curriculum draws heavily on the rhetorical tradition and emphasizes the 
use of non-fiction texts to promote written and oral communication and 
academic literacy. This position carries a 3–3 teaching load. 

Responsibilities include teaching relatively small (18–20 student cap) sections 
of the rhetoric-based composition sequence, participating in professional 
development activities, and performing service that will strengthen 
the program. Candidates should be interested in joining a dynamic, committed, 
and innovative faculty. 

Qualif ications include university teaching experience, evidence of a 
strong commitment to teaching, experience and willingness to work in a 
culturally diverse environment, and an understanding of and commitment 
to support the mission of the University. A Ph.D. or A.B.D. in Rhetoric/
Composition 
is preferred, but consideration will be given to Ph.D. or 
A.B.D. in a closely related discipline such as Communication, English, or 
Linguistics. Candidates should have training and/or 
experience in one or 
more of the following areas: public speaking, technical writing, and the 
rhetoric of science. 

Applicants should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate 
transcripts, statement of teaching philosophy, evidence of teaching 
ability including copies of teaching evaluations, a sample syllabus, and 
three letters of recommendation to: 

Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, c/o 
Devon Holmes, 
Search Committee Chair, Department of Communication Studies, Program 
in Rhetoric and Composition, University of San Francisco, Cowell 
402, 2130 Fulton Street, San Francisco, CA 94117-1080 

Applications, including all materials, must be postmarked by January 15, 
2007 in order to ensure full consideration. 

The University of San Francisco is a Jesuit Catholic university founded in 
1855 to educate leaders who will fashion a more humane and just world. 
Candidates should demonstrate a commitment to work in a culturally 
diverse environment and to contribute to the mission of the University. 
USF is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
dedicated to affirmative action 



and to excellence through diversity. The University provides reasonable 
accommodations to qualified applicants with disabilities upon request. 

Westmont C 

English, 955 La Paz Rd Santa Barbara CA 93108 

Assistant Professor of World Literature 791 

http://www.
westmont.edu 

Tenure-track position beginning late August 2007. Ph.D. and demonstrated 
excellence in classroom teaching required. Expertise in the 
literature (Anglophone or in translation) of one or more regions of the 
emerging world is expected; interest in literature of the diaspora from the 
region(s) is preferred. Subsidiary expertise in any of the following fields is 
welcomed: women writers, composition pedagogy, ethnicity and race in 
American literature, film studies. A 12-unit teaching load includes upperand 
lower-division literature courses and lower-division writing courses. 
Send letter of interest, résumé, and references to Paul Delaney, Chair, Department 
of English, Westmont College, Santa Barbara, CA 93108. Application 
forms will be sent to promising applicants. Review of applications 
will begin 15 October; applications require postmark by 17 November. 
Westmont is a national, selective liberal arts college in the Protestant 
evangelical tradition. We seek faculty committed to undergraduate teaching, 
to a program of scholarly activity, and to the mission of liberal arts 
education, all growing out of a vital and informed commitment to the 
Christian faith. Westmont is an equal opportunity employer, 
seeking to 
be diverse in people and programs consistent with its mission. [R] 

Westmont C 

English, 955 La Paz Rd Santa Barbara CA 93108 

Assistant Professor of Anglophone Literature 792 

http://www.
westmont.edu 

Tenure-track position beginning late August 2007. Ph.D. and demonstrated 
excellence in classroom teaching required. Expertise expected in 
one or more of the literatures in English outside the British and American 
traditions; interest in literature of the diaspora from the region(s) is preferred. 
Subsidiary expertise in any of the following fields is welcomed: 
women writers, composition pedagogy, ethnicity and race in American 
literature, film studies, contemporary poetry, or medieval studies. A 12- 
unit teaching load includes upper-and lower-division literature courses 
and lower-division writing courses. Send letter of interest, rÃ©sumÃ©, 
and references to Paul Delaney, Chair, Department of English, Westmont 
College, Santa Barbara, CA 93108. Application forms will be sent 
to promising applicants. Review of applications will begin 15 October; 
applications require postmark by 17 November. Westmont is a national, 
selective liberal arts college in the Protestant evangelical tradition. We 
seek faculty committed to undergraduate teaching, to a program of scholarly 
activity, and to the mission of liberal arts education, all growing out 
of a vital and informed commitment to the Christian faith. Westmont is 
an equal opportunity employer, 
seeking to be diverse in people and programs 
consistent with its mission. [R] 

Whittier C 

English, PO Box 634, 13406 Philadelphia St Whittier CA 90608 

Assistant Professor of English 439 

http://www.
whittier.edu 

Whittier College is offering a full-time tenure-track position for a generalist 
with a concentration in 19th century British literatures, with an emphasis 
on the novel, with opportunities to develop courses in such areas 
as postcolonialism, the Black Atlantic, minority literatures, literatures 
in English, globalization, and creative writing. Participation expected 
in first-year writing and college-wide interdisciplinary and team-taught 
programs. 

Whittier College is a liberal arts college in the Los Angeles area with a 
widely diverse student body and strong emphasis on interdisciplinary 
teaching. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
strongly committed 
to diversity, and we seek applications from members of under-represented 
groups. 

Our review of applications will begin November 1, and we will interview 
at the MLA Convention. Please send vita, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and dossier to David Paddy, Chair, Department of English, Whittier 
College, 13406 

Philadelphia St, PO Box 634, Whittier CA 90608. [R] 

Colorado 

Colorado C 

English, 14 E Cache la Poudre Colorado Springs CO 80903 

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism and/or 
18th C. British 
Literature 281 

http://www.
ColoradoCollege.edu 

The English Department at Colorado College seeks an Assistant Professor 
in British Romanticism and/or 
18th C. British Literature. Preferred 
focus: poetry, including work on a major figure, with ability to teach core 
poetry classes. Ph.D. required. Commitment to undergraduate teaching 
and an active program of scholarship essential. Opportunity to teach 
courses in a broad undergraduate liberal arts curriculum. Colorado College 
is a highly selective liberal arts college which emphasizes innovative 
and interdisciplinary teaching in programs like Feminist and Gender 
Studies, and American Cultural Studies. Send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, statement of teaching experience and philosophy, dissertation 
abstract and four letters of recommendation by Nov. 6 to Professor 
Jane Hilberry, Department of English, Colorado College, 14 E. Cache 
La Poudre, Colorado Springs CO 80903. Colorado College is committed 
to increasing the diversity of the College community and curriculum. 
Candidates who can contribute to that goal are particularly encouraged to 
apply and to identify themselves and their relevant experience. EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 
Colorado College welcomes members 
of all groups and reaffirms its commitment not to discriminate on 
the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation 
or disability in its educational programs, activities and employment 
practices. For more information about Colorado College, see http://www 
.ColoradoCollege.edu [R] 

Colorado SU 

English, 359 Eddy Bldg Fort Collins CO 80523 

Assistant Professor of English: Creative Writing/Poetry 
474 

http://www.
colostate.edu/Depts/
English 

Nine-month, tenure-track appointment to begin August 15, 2007. Requirements: 
MFA or Ph.D., teaching experience with evidence of excellence, 
and at least one poetry book and substantial publications. Send 
letter of interest, vita, writing sample (poetry book or selection of roughly 
50 pages), a dossier which includes evidence of strengths in teaching and 
creative writing, and three letters of reference to Professor Judy Doenges, 
Chair, Creative Writing/Poetry 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80523-1773. This is 
an open search: once the search committee has identified semi-finalists, 
departmental faculty will have access to those files. Applications will be 
considered until the position is filled; however, for full consideration, applications 
must be postmarked by November 15, 2006. Routine inquiries 
to Sue.Russell@colostate.edu. For a complete position description, visit 
the department web site at www.colostate.edu/Depts/
English. CSU is an 
EEO/AA 
employer. 
EO office is 101 Student Services. [R] 



Fort Lewis C 

English, 1000 Rim Dr Durango CO 81301 

Creative Writing, Tenure Track Assistant Professor 869 

http://www.
fortlewis.edu 

The Department of English at Fort Lewis College, the public liberal arts 
college of the state of Colorado, is accepting applications for a tenuretrack 
Assistant Professor position in Creative writing: Emphasis on fiction 
and poetry, with the interest and ability to teach a variety of other writing 
courses. PhD in English or MFA in creative writing or in a related field. 

The position requires college teaching experience and commitment to 
undergraduate education. Masters degree in a relevant field with significant 
professional accomplishment and college teaching experience will be 
considered. 

To apply: Send or email letter of application (indicate the position you are 
applying for), resume, statement of teaching philosophy, and three current 
letters of recommendation to: Department of English, Fort Lewis 
College, 1000 Rim Drive, Durango, CO 81301-3999. Email: widen_d@
fortlewis.edu 

Semi-finalists will be asked to submit graduate transcripts and work samples. 
For full position descriptions, visit www.fortlewis.edu and click employment 
opportunities. 

AA/EO 
employer. 
Apply by Nov. 17. 

Fort Lewis C 

English, 1000 Rim Dr Durango CO 81301 

Communications/Journalism, 
Tenure Track Assistant Professor 1063 

http://www.
fortlewis.edu 

The Department of English at Fort Lewis College, the public liberal arts 
college of the state of Colorado, is accepting applications for a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor position in Communications/Journalism: 
Generalist in 
media studies and digital media with a strong interest in journalism and 
production. PhD in journalism/communication 
or in a related field. 

The position requires college teaching experience and commitment to 
undergraduate education. Masters degree in a relevant field with significant 
professional accomplishment and college teaching experience will be 
considered. 

To apply: Send or email letter of application (indicate the position you are 
applying for), resume, statement of teaching philosophy, and three current 
letters of recommendation to: Department of English, Fort Lewis 
College, 1000 Rim Drive, Durango, CO 81301-3999. Email: widen_d@
fortlewis.edu 

Semi-finalists will be asked to submit graduate transcripts and work samples. 
For full position descriptions, visit www.fortlewis.edu and click employment 
opportunities. AA/EO 
employer. 
Apply by Nov. 17. 

Fort Lewis C 

Writing Program, 1000 Rim Drive Durango CO 81301 

Assistant Professor of Writing 912 

http://www.
fortlewis.edu 

The Writing Program at Fort Lewis College, Colorados public liberal arts 
college, is accepting applications for two tenure-track Assistant Professor 
positions: 

1. Composition/Rhetoric: 
Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric or closely 
related field and demonstrated teaching excellence required. Experience 
with WAC/WID, 
writing program administration, and/or 
working with 
linguistically diverse students is preferred. Must be willing to assume 
leadership roles in the Writing Program, and have the desire and ability to 
teach freshmen and sophomore level writing courses and upper division 
courses in general education. 

2. Professional Writing: Ph.D. in Technical Communication, Professional 
Writing, Composition and Rhetoric or closely related field and demonstrated 
teaching excellence required. Experience with computer-mediated 
writing instruction, writing program administration, and/or 
WID/WAC 
is preferred. Must be willing to assume leadership roles in the Writing 
Program, and have the desire and ability to teach freshmen composition, 
sophomore level professional and technical writing courses, and upper division 
courses in general education 

Duties are teaching 12 credit hours per term plus scholarly activity, service, 
and leadership in the Writing Program. 

Send letter of application (state which position you are applying for), resume, 
statement of teaching philosophy, and three current letters of recommendation 
to: Marta Grunland, Assistant to Search Chair, Writing 
Program, 1000 Rim Drive, Durango, CO 81301-3999 or electronically at 
Grunland_m@fortlewis.edu. Semi-finalists will be asked to submit transcripts 
and/or 
teaching evaluations. For full consideration, apply by November 
17 but the position will remain open until filled. For full position 
descriptions, visit www.fortlewis.edu and click employment opportunities. 
EO/AA 
employer. 


U of Colorado 

English, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Associate or Full Professor of English: Eighteenth-Century 
British 
Literature 483 

http://www.
colorado.edu/English 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces 
a tenured position in eighteenth-century 
British literature, at either the 
associate or full professor level, to begin August 2007. A strong record of 
publication and substantial teaching experience are required. The normal 
teaching load is 2/2, 
and includes undergraduate English-major courses 
and graduate courses. Send letter of application, c.v., and contact information 
for at least three letters of reference to: 

Eighteenth-Century 
Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Review of applications will begin on October 20, 2006, and will continue 
until the position is f illed. We plan to bring f inalists to campus 
for interviews beginning in November 2006. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: Ethnic American Literature 484 

http://www.
colorado.edu/English 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces 
an assistant (tenure-track) or associate (tenured) position in Ethnic American 
literature, to begin August 2007. We especially seek specialists in 
Native American, Latino/a, 
African American, and/or 
Asian American 
literatures. PhD in hand by August 2007 is required for appointment as 
assistant professor. A strong record of publication and substantial teaching 
experience in Ethnic American literature are required for appointment as 
associate professor. The normal teaching load is 2/2, 
and includes undergraduate 
English-major courses and graduate courses. Interviews will take 
place at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. Send letter of application, 
c.v., and at least three letters of reference (do not send a writing sample at 
this time) to: 

Ethnic American Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Postmark deadline: October 20, 2006. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 



U of Colorado 

English, 1420 Austin Bluffs Pky Colorado Springs CO 80933 

Assistant Professor of English, 20th-Century 
American Poetry 381 

http://web.
uccs.edu/affirm/
fac.html 

Assistant Professor, tenure track, 2/3 
teaching load, specialist in twentieth-
century 
American poetry with Ph.D. in English. Teaching experience 
and a promising research agenda required. Degree in hand by 1 July 
2007. Desirable areas of secondary expertise, while not required, include 
Critical Theory and/or 
Multi-ethnic Literatures. Please see our advertisement 
at http://web.
uccs.edu/affirm/
fac.html (position # 481342) for 
more information about our campus and this position. Review of applications 
begins 6 November 2006. The search continues until the position 
is filled. Preliminary interviews of select candidates will be conducted at 
the MLA meeting in December 2006. Please send a letter of application, a 
CV, a writing sample, graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
to Lesley Ginsberg, American Literature Search Committee Chair, 
Department of English, University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, P.O. 
Box 7150, 1420 Austin Bluffs Parkway, Colorado Springs, CO 80933- 
7150. The University of Colorado at Colorado Springs is committed to 
diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant Professor of English: Nineteenth-Century 
American Literature 485 

http://www.
colorado.edu/English 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces 
a tenure-track position in nineteenth-century 
American literature, to 
begin August 2007. PhD in hand by August 2007 is required for appointment 
as assistant professor. The normal teaching load is 2/2, 
and includes 
undergraduate English-major courses and graduate courses. Interviews 
will take place at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. Send letter of application, 
c.v., and at least three letters of reference (do not send a writing 
sample at this time) to: 

Nineteenth-Century 
American Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Postmark deadline: October 20, 2006. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 1420 Austin Bluffs Pky Colorado Springs CO 80933 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of Professional/Technical 
Writing 380 

http://web.
uccs.edu/affirm/
fac.html 

Tenure-track opening at Assistant Professor level for faculty with Ph. D. 
in English with emphasis in Professional/Technical 
Writing and a strong 
commitment to Directing our Professional/Technical 
Writing Program. 
Position begins August 2007. Experience teaching professional/technical 
writing at the college level and experience administering a professional/ 
technical 
writing program required. We seek candidates with dynamic 
teaching, administrative, and interpersonal skills, and an established professional/
technical 
writing research program. Teaching load will be 2 
courses (six hours) per semester. Please see our advertisement at http:// 
web.
uccs.edu/affirm/
fac.html (position #481336) for more information 
about our campus and this position. Interviews of selected candidates 
will be held at MLA. Review of applications begins November 6, 2006. 
Search continues until the position is filled. Send letter of application, 
vita, graduate transcripts, a statement of research interests and administration 
philosophy, a teaching portfolio, a sample of written research, and 
three letters of reference to: Professor Joan Ray, Chair of Search Committee, 
Department of English, University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, 
1420 Austin Bluffs Parkway, P.O. Box 7150, Colorado Springs, CO 
80933-7150. The University of Colorado at Colorado Springs is committed 
to diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

U of Northern Colorado 

English, 501 20th St Campus Box 109 Greeley CO 80639 

Writing Center Director 1061 

http://hss.
unco.edu 

Writing Center Director. Assistant Professor. Tenure-Track. Experience 
in Writing Across the Curriculum and/or 
ESL preferred. Writing center 
experience highly desirable. A doctorate in English with a specialty in 
Rhetoric and Composition, or related field, from an accredited university 
required before appointment commences. Strong record of scholarship 
and an active research agenda in composition, rhetoric, or related field. 
2/2 
teaching load; administrative duties include hiring, training, and supervising 
tutors and assisting with curriculum development. Evidence of 
potential for successful teaching of undergraduate and graduate writing 
courses required. The candidate should demonstrate excellent interpersonal 
and organizational skills. Deadline: November 8, 2006, or until position 
is filled. Send letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation to 
Tracey Sedinger, School of English Language and Literature, Box 109, 
University of Northern Colorado, Greeley, CO 80639. 

One letter should demonstrate experience in or potential qualifications 
for directing the Writing Center. Applications by email will not be accepted. 
Satisfactory completion of background and educational checks, 
and authorization to work in the US is required after a conditional offer 
of employment has been made. UNC is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action institution that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, 
national origin, sex, age, disability, creed, religion, sexual preference or 
veteran status. For complete position description, see http://hss.
unco 
.edu/ [R] 

U of Northern Colorado 

English, 501 20th St Campus Box 109 Greeley CO 80639 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 1049 

http://hss.
unco.edu 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track. Film Studies. A doctorate in Film Studies 
or related field from an accredited university required before appointment 
commences. Dissertation and/or 
publications in field required. This 
position will contribute to a growing film community, including an interdisciplinary 
Film Studies program. Evidence of potential for successful 
teaching, which will include Introduction to Film, History of Film to 
the 1930s, upper-division undergraduate and graduate courses in Film, 
with other teaching depending upon candidates experience and educational 
background. Teaching load is 3 courses per semester with service 
and scholarship required. Deadline: November 6, 2006 or until position 
is filled. Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to Mark Berrettini, School of English Language and Literature, Box 
109, University of Northern Colorado, Greeley, CO 80639. Applications 
by email will not be accepted. Satisfactory completion of background and 
educational checks, and authorization to work in the US is required after 
a conditional offer of employment has been made. UNC is an equal opportunity/
affirmative 
action institution that does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, creed, religion, 
sexual preference or veteran status. For complete position description, see 
http://hss.
unco.edu/. [R] 



Connecticut 

Fairfield U 

English, 1073 N Benson Rd Fairfield CT 06824 

Assistant Professor of 20th-century 
British literature 852 

http://www.
fairfield.edu 

Tenure-track assistant professor of 20th-century 
British literature, beginning 
Fall 2007, PhD in hand. Secondary specialization and theoretical 
approach open. We seek candidates with demonstrable commitment to 
undergraduate teaching and promise of scholarly excellence; we particularly 
welcome innovative pedagogical approaches that address issues of 
diversity. Teaching load is 3/3, 
including contributions to the university’s 
core curriculum (one course each semester in the first-year sequence of 
composition and literature, as well as surveys of 19th-and 20th-century 
British literature) and upper-level seminars in area of specialization. Send 
letter of application and CV, postmarked by October 20, 2006, to Johanna 
X. K. Garvey, Chair, English Dept., DM 130, Fairfield University, No. 
Benson Road, Fairfield, CT 06824. Interviews will be conducted at MLA 
in Philadelphia. 

Fairfield University, a Jesuit, Catholic university in southwestern Connecticut, 
is located near Long Island Sound, about 50 miles from New 
York City. 

Fair f ield University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunit y 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, and persons with disabilities are strongly 
encourged to apply. [R] 

Quinnipiac U 

English, Mt Carmel Av Hamden CT 06518 

Assistant Professor of English 714 

http://www.
quinnipiac.edu 

Quinnipiac University invites applications for a tenure track position 
beginning fall 2007. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in English, with 
research specialties in Early Modern Studies (British literature from 
1600–1800) and critical approaches to literary history. The successful candidate 
will have an interest in teaching 17th century literature, Milton, 
the Restoration, literary history, freshman writing, and a strong commitment 
to Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC) principles of instruction. 
The English Department at Quinnipiac University serves nearly 150 majors 
and many more minors across the University campus. It has been at 
the forefront of the Universitys WAC initiative and plays a key role in the 
development of the liberal arts as a center of excellence on campus. Salary 
and benefits are highly competitive. Qualified applicants should send 
a letter of application and a vita to Leonard Engel, Chair, Department of 
English, CL-A1, Quinnipiac University, 275 Mt. Carmel Avenue, Hamden 
CT 06518. Applications received by November 1 will receive first 
consideration. Quinnipiac University has a strong commitment to the 
principles and practices of diversity throughout the University community. 
Women, minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Trinity C 

English, 300 Summit St Hartford CT 06106 

Allan K. Smith Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 640 

http://www.
trincoll.edu 

The English Department at Trinity College seeks to hire the Allan K. 
Smith Assistant Professor in Creative Writing for a 3-year contract, possibly 
renewable once. Applicants for this position should be published fiction 
writers with terminal degree and teaching experience, to teach 3/2 
load, including multi-genre Introduction to Creative Writing, in an active 
undergraduate creative writing program. Ability to teach literature and to 
help administer the program also strongly preferred. We particularly welcome 
applications from affirmative action and minority candidates. Please 
send a letter of application, c.v., 3 letters of reference, copy of graduate 
transcript, sample of work, and 2 workshop syllabi by 1 December 2006 
to Lucy Ferriss, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, Trinity College, 
300 Summit Street, Hartford, CT 06106. Trinity College is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Trinity C 

English, 300 Summit St Hartford CT 06106 

Assistant Professor of English 636 

http://www.
trincoll.edu 

The English Department at Trinity College seeks to hire a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor in American Literature from 1865–1945. Applicants 
for this position should have demonstrated ability to teach a variety of 
introductory and advanced courses across the breadth of this field. Ph.D., 
publications, and teaching experience required. We particularly welcome 
applications from affirmative action and minority candidates. Please send 
a letter of application, c.v., graduate school transcript, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample by 1 December 2006 to Sheila Fisher, 
Chair, Department of English, Trinity College, 300 Summit Street, Hartford, 
CT 06106. Trinity College is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Assistant Professor: Asian American Studies/English 
260 

http://english.
uconn.edu/main.
html 

The University of Connecticut, Storrs, invites applications for a tenuretrack, 
Assistant Professor in Asian American Literature, with a specialization 
in connective or comparative approaches to Asian American writing. 
Expertise in 20th-century 
American Literature more broadly construed 
is welcome. The position will be a joint appointment between the Asian 
American Studies Institute and the English Department, the tenure home 
of the appointment. The successful candidate will teach literature courses 
for both the Institute and the English Department. The successful candidate 
must hold the Ph.D. at the time of appointment, be engaged in 
research and publication on Asian American literature, and show evidence 
of undergraduate teaching excellence. The position starts fall 2007. 

Salary: Competitive. The University of Connecticut actively solicits applications 
from minorities, women, and people with disabilities. Applicants 
should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of recommendation, and a recent writing sample (writing samples will not 
be returned) by November 10, 2006, to: Professor Roger Buckley, Director, 
Asian American Studies Institute, APAAS Search (# 07A027), Beach 
Hall, 354 Mansfield Road, U-2091, University of Connecticut, Storrs, 
CT, 06269-2091. [R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Assistant Professor: Fiction writer & Associate Director of Creative Writing 
943 

http://english.
uconn.edu/ 

The University of Connecticut seeks a fiction writer and Associate Director 
of Creative Writing, with substantial publications, a history of 
successful teaching, and demonstrated organizational ability to join our 
tenure-track faculty as an Assistant Professor, starting fall 2007. MFA or 
Ph.D. required. The successful applicant will teach 3 courses per year in 
creative writing and literature, and will assist in administering the Creative 
Writing program. 

Salary: Competitive. The University of Connecticut actively solicits applications 
from minorities, women, and people with disabilities. Please 
submit a complete application, including cover letter, CV, dossier, three 
letters of recommendation, evidence of teaching experience, and a 15–25 



page writing sample to Robert Tilton, Head, Department of English, 
FICTION Search, 215 Glenbrook Road, U-4025, University of Connecticut, 
Storrs, CT, 06269-4025 by December 1, 2006. Interviews will 
be conducted at the AWP Conference in February. Please see our websites 
at www.longriver.uconn.edu and www.english.uconn.edu for more information 
about our program. [R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Assistant Professor in the Humanities 688 

http://www.
humanities.uconn.edu/ 

The University of Connecticut seeks a scholar in the Humanities to join 
its multidisciplinary Foundations of Humanitarianism Program. This 
tenure-track Assistant Professor position will start in August 2007. Responsibilities, 
in addition to teaching undergraduate and graduate courses, 
include active participation in the Foundations of Humanitarianism Research 
and Teaching Program, assisting faculty research initiatives and 
collaborating with both the University of Connecticut Humanities and 
Human Rights Institutes. A description of the Foundations of Humanitarianism 
Program may also be found at the Humanities website. 

Applicants must have a conferred Ph.D. by August 2007 and an established 
record from any humanities field including English, History, Modern 
and Classical Languages, Philosophy or related discipline. Preference 
will be given to a scholar whose research treats aspects of humanitarian 
thinking, acting and/or 
institutions. 

Interested applicants should send curriculum vita, brief statement of research 
and teaching interests, with three letters of recommendation to: 

Professor Richard D. Brown, Chair, Humanitarianism Search c/o 
Humanities 
Institute, University of Connecticut, Unit 4234, Storrs, CT 
06269-4234 

Email j.waide@uconn.edu 

Review of applications will begin November 15, 2006 and continue until 
the position is filled. Applications received by November 1, 2006 will receive 
priority consideration in the screening process. [R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

University of Connecticut-Stamford, Assistant Professor & Composition 
Coordinator 696 

http://english.
uconn.edu/ 

University of Connecticut, Stamford campus, announces a search for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professor to serve as Composition Coordinator beginning 
in the fall of 2007. Duties include interacting with the Writing 
Center and the Freshman English Program at the main campus at Storrs, 
supervising Freshman English courses, providing tutorial services for 
writing across the curriculum (with the help of teaching assistants at each 
regional campus), supervising the teaching of writing intensive courses, 
and participating in student placement and course development. Teaching 
responsibility is one course per semester. Successful candidates will have 
experience in community outreach. Expertise in Business and Technical 
Writing would be preferred. Candidates must hold the Ph.D. at the time 
of appointment. 

Salary: Competitive. The University of Connecticut actively solicits applications 
from minorities, women, and people with disabilities. Please 
submit a complete application, including cover letter, CV, dossier, three 
letters of recommendation, a teaching portfolio or other evidence of 
teaching experience, and a 15–25 page writing sample to Robert Tilton, 
Head, Department of English, APCC-STAM Search, 215 Glenbrook 
Road, U-4025, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, 06269-4025 by 
November 10, 2006. [R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Professor in Residence: Poetry 940 

http://english.
uconn.edu/ 

The University of Connecticut seeks a poet to serve as Professor in Residence 
(rank open) for one semester per academic year, to begin fall 2007. 
Individuals with at least two books of poetry and an established history 
of successful teaching in workshops and literature courses are invited to 
apply. Teaching experience in a second genre is desirable. MFA or Ph.D. 
required. The Professor in Residence will teach one semester per year, 
give one public reading, and participate in the department community 
during the semester. The position is renewable twice for a total of three 
years. 

Salary: Competitive. The University of Connecticut actively solicits applications 
from minorities, women, and people with disabilities. Please 
submit a complete application, including cover letter, CV, dossier, three 
letters of recommendation, evidence of teaching experience, and a 15–25 
page writing sample to Robert Tilton, Head, Department of English, 
POET Search, 215 Glenbrook Road, U-4025, University of Connecticut, 
Storrs, CT, 06269-4025 by December 1, 2006. Interviews will be 
conducted at the AWP conference in February. Please see our websites at 
www.longriver.uconn.edu and www.english.uconn.edu for more information 
about our program. [R] 

U of Hartford 

Rhetoric, Language, and Culture, 200 Bloomfield Ave. West Hartford 
CT 06117 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric, Language, and Culture 138 

http://www.
hartford.edu 

The Department of Rhetoric, Language, and Culture at the University of 
Hartford invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, to begin September 2007. The department houses both 
a first-year composition program and an undergraduate degree program 
(major, minor, and certif icate), the emphasis of which is shifting from 
technical writing to rhetoric and professional writing. The department 
also supports a networked, online computer classroom. We invite applications 
from candidates well-versed in first-year composition, writing across 
the curriculum, and professional writing; those with interests in rhetorical 
theory, visual or digital rhetoric, writing program administration, 
and/or 
computer lab administration are particularly encouraged to apply. 
Requirements include a Ph.D. in hand or near completion, evidence of 
committed and successful teaching, and manifest scholarly promise. We 
welcome applicants who have experience using a variety of teaching 
methods and working in a culturally diverse environment. 

The University of Hartford is committed to excellence in undergraduate 
instruction. The 3/3 
teaching load will include at least one section of 
first-year composition and at least one 200-to 400-level course per semester. 
Candidates will be expected to pursue scholarship in writing pedagogy 
and/or 
other primary areas of expertise. Tenured and tenure-track 
faculty also bear service responsibilities to the department, the college, 
and the university. Further information about the university can be found 
at www.hartford.edu. 

Applications—including cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, 
dissertation abstract, and three current letters of recommendation—
should be sent to Dr. Mark Blackwell, Chair, Department of 
Rhetoric, Language, and Culture, Auerbach Hall, University of Hartford, 
200 Bloomfield Avenue, West Hartford, CT 06117. Writing samples and 
teaching portfolios only upon request, please. 

Deadline for applications is November 3, 2006. EEO/AA/
M/F/
D/V. 
Members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 



Yale U 

English, PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor, joint in Theatre Studies and English or Literature 855 

http://www.
yale.edu/english 


Joint appointment in Theater Studies and English or Literature, in postcolonial 
drama, theater, and/or 
performance studies. Special consideration 
will be given to candidates with research and teaching interests in African, 
Caribbean, or Subcontinental theater. Practical experience in stage 
or media production welcome. Please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
and the names of three referees to Langdon Hammer, Chair, Department 
of English, P.O. Box 208302, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520- 
8302. Deadline for applications: November 1, 2006. Yale University is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Yale values diversity 
among its students, staff, and faculty, and strongly encourages applications 
from women and underrepresented minorities [R] 

Yale U 

English, PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor of English 908 

http://www.
yale.edu/english 


Two or more full-time assistant professorships, initial four-year appointment, 
renewable in these fields: British literature from the Middle Ages 
to 1700, American literature of all periods including African American 
and ethnic American literatures), and modern and contemporary literature. 
Please send only letter of application, c.v., and two-page dissertation 
abstract to Langdon Hammer, Chair, Department of English, Yale 
University, P.O. Box 208302, New Haven, CT 06520-8302. Deadline: 
November 1, 2006. Yale is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and underrepresented minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. Please check the on-line edition of the job list for any 
changes or additions. [R] 

Delaware 

U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor of English, Composition Specialist, Continuing Non- 
Tenure Track 399 

http://www.
english.udel.edu/ 

Qualifications: PhD, at least 3 years experience teaching composition, 
evidence of excellent teaching, and a demonstrable commitment to composition 
studies. 

Specialization in composition preferred; experience in administering a 
writing program or writing center preferred. 

Start September 2007. Competitive salary and excellent benefits. 

For consideration, submit a letter of application, a c.v, and a one-page 
statement of teaching philosophy. Send materials to Prof. Melissa Ianetta, 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, University of Delaware, 
Newark, DE 19716-2537 by Wednesday, November 1, 2006. All 
materials submitted will be shared with departmental faculty. The University 
of Delaware, an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
that encourages applications 
from Minority Group Members and Women. 

Full job description: http://www.
english.udel.edu/employment.
html [R] 

U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor-World Literatures (Anglophone) 394 

http://www.
english.udel.edu/ 

World Literatures (Anglophone). Tenure-track assistant professor. PhD 
required. Publications desirable, as well as ability to contribute to interdisciplinary 
area studies programs in African, East Asian, or Caribbean 
literature and culture. 

Teaching at both undergraduate and graduate levels. The successful candidate 
should expect to contribute to general education in literature and 
writing. Competitive salary and excellent benefits. Send letter of interest 
and c.v. to Prof. Peter X Feng, Search Committee Chair, University of 
Delaware Dept. of English, 212 Memorial Hall, Newark, DE 19716-2537, 
by October 16. The letter, c.v., and all other materials that may be requested 
will be shared with departmental faculty. 

The University of Delaware, an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
encourages 
applications from Minority Group Members and Women. 

Website: http://www.
english.udel.edu [R] 

U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor or Instructor, English Education, Continuing Non-Tenure 
Track 397 

http://www.
english.udel.edu/ 

Start September 2007. 

Teaching English/language 
arts pedagogy (Grades 7–12); placing and 
mentoring student-teachers. Doctorate required for assistant professor 
rank; masters degree for instructor. 

Required: excellence in teaching, commitment to mentoring, strong interpersonal/
communication 
skills, familiarity with teacher preparation. 

Preferred: minimum three years teaching middle and high school, administrative 
or mentoring experience, college teaching. 

This position is not temporary; it is based upon multi-year contracts, offering 
parity of salary and benefits with tenure-track faculty. It includes 
promotion eligibility, merit raises, and sabbaticals. 

Fuller job description at: http://www.
english.udel.edu/employment 
.html. 

Send application letter, c.v., sample teaching materials, teaching philosophy, 
and three reference letters to Professor Deborah Alvarez, Department 
of English, University of Delaware, Newark, DE 19716 by Wednesday, 
November 1, 2006. The letter, c.v., and all other materials that may be 
requested will be shared with departmental faculty. 

UD, an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
encourages applications from Minority 
Group Members and Women. [R] 

District of Columbia 

American U 

Lit, Battelle-Tompkins Rm. 237 4400 Massachusetts Av, NW 
Washington DC 20016 

Poetry 753 

http://www.
american.edu 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in Creative Writing/Poetry 
beginning Fall 2007. Rank open. MFA or 
Ph.D. by August 2007. Significant publications and promise of sustained 
productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; commitment 
to university service. Responsibilities include MFA workshops and undergraduate 
courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 



with gender and ethnic foci; supervision of MFA theses, advising and application 
review responsibilities. [The MFA is a 48 hour programincluding 
workshops, literature courses, internships, etc.] Salary competitive. 
Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of recommendation to Charles 
R. Larson, Chair, Department of Literature, American University, Washington, 
DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. Applications will be 
reviewed beginning November 1st, and the search will continue until the 
position is closed. American University is an EOE/AA 
university committed 
to diverse faculty, staff and student body. Women and minority 
candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. 

American U 

Lit, Battelle-Tompkins Rm. 237 4400 Massachusetts Av, NW 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor, Cinema Studies 750 

http://www.
american.edu 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
in Cinema Studies with a secondary interest in literature beginning 
Fall 2007. Ph.D. by August 2007. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of cinema and 
literature; commitment to university service. Responsibilities include 
graduate and undergraduate courses in film and literature, General Education 
courses in cinema and literature with gender and ethnic foci; supervision 
of MA theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with 
three letters of recommendation to Charles R. Larson, Chair, Department 
of Literature, American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, 
Attn: Search Committee. Applications will be reviewed beginning November 
15. American University is an EOE/AA 
university committed to 
diverse faculty, staff and student body. Women and minority candidates 
are particularly encouraged to apply. 

American U 

Lit, Battelle-Tompkins Rm. 237 4400 Massachusetts Av, NW 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor, Twentieth-Century 
American Literature 755 

http://www.
american.edu 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
in Twentieth-Century 
American Literature beginning Fall 2007. 
Ph.D. by August 2007. Significant publications and promise of sustained 
productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; commitment 
to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and undergraduate 
courses in literature, General Education courses in literature with gender 
and ethnic foci; supervision of MA theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, 
and dossier with three letters of recommendation to Charles R. Larson, 
Chair, Department of Literature, American University, Washington, DC 
20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. Applications will be reviewed beginning 
November 15. American University is an EOE/AA 
university 
committed to diverse faculty, staff and student body. Women and minority 
candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. 

George Washington U 

English, 801 22 St NW, Rm 760 Washington DC 20052 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 987 

http://www.
gwu.edu/~english 

For appointment beginning in the fall of 2007, we seek a tenure track, 
assistant professor. The position is open to a scholar of English medieval 
literature with comparative interests. 

The English Department of the George Washington University is a research-
active community of scholars who prize excellence in teaching, 
service, and publication. We have a growing research focus in medieval 
and early modern studies. The successful candidate for this position will 
teach graduate and undergraduate courses; advise students and perform 
other departmental and university service; and engage in high quality research 
and publication. 

Basic Qualifications: PhD by August 2007, evidence of strong scholarly 
potential as demonstrated by scholarly work in progress or publications 
in scholarly journals and demonstrated teaching skill as evidenced by 
teaching assessments. Preferred Qualifications: Applicants with research 
interests in any of the following will be given preference: racial, religious, 
cultural difference; colonial and postcolonial studies; trans-cultural 
contact and conflict; trade, travel, and exchange; nonnormative identities 
(queer, Other, animal, barbarian, hybrid); nations and nationalism; 
writing in the British archipelago from a non-Anglocentric point of view; 
periodization and time; England and the world; the complexities of identity 
in their relation to texts and writing. Application Procedure: To be 
considered, please submit a cover letter containing a statement of research 
and teaching interest along with a curriculum vitae to: Jeffrey J. Cohen, 
Chair, Department of English, George Washington University, Washington 
DC 20052. Only complete applications will be considered. Review 
of all applications will begin on November 1 and will continue until the 
position is filled. The George Washington University is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


George Washington U 

English, 801 22 St NW, Rm 760 Washington DC 20052 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 992 

http://www.
gwu.edu/~english 

For appointment beginning in the fall of 2007, we seek a tenure track 
assistant or associate professor. The position is open to an active, wellpublished 
novelist, playwright, or poet who works with the Latino/a 
experience 
committed to teaching literary expression as an extension and 
critique of tradition and as a way of communicating in a global environment. 
Appointment rank will be based on experience and qualifications. 

The successful candidate will teach in an all-undergraduate Creative 
Writing program; may teach in the graduate program; will advise students 
and perform other departmental and university service; and will engage 
in high quality publication. The English Department of the George 
Washington University is a research-active community of scholars who 
prize excellence in teaching, service, and publication. Through this appointment 
we seek to deepen our strengths in minority literatures and to 
bolster an emerging, college-wide emphasis on Latino/a 
American literatures 
and cultures. 

Basic Qualifications: MFA or PhD by August 2007; notable publication 
dealing with the Latino/a 
experience in a forum appropriate to genre (poetry 
journal, scholarly journal, novel, and so forth); and excellent teaching 
skill as evidenced by teaching assessments. Preferred Qualifications: The 
ability to offer courses in Latino/a 
literature and an interest in current 
theory in Latino/a 
studies is preferred. Application Procedure: To be considered, 
please send a cover letter, sample of publications, and curriculum 
vitae to Jeffrey J. Cohen, Chair, Department of English, George Washington 
University, Washington DC 20052. Only complete applications 
will be considered. Review of all applications will begin on November 1 
and will continue until the position is filled. The George Washington 
University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


Georgetown U 

English, 306 New North Box 571131 Washington DC 20057 

Assistant Professor 52 

http://english.
georgetown.edu/ 

Assistant Professor of English 

Tenure-track assistant professor, with or about to receive the Ph.D., to 
teach courses at all levels (first-year through M.A.) in feminist literary/ 
cultural 
studies (19th century to the present). Georgetown University is 
an AA/EO 
employer 
and strongly encourages applications from women 



and minority candidates as part of its commitment to professional excellence 
and diversity. Please send application letter and c.v. to Chair of the 
Hiring Committee, English Department, Georgetown University, Box 
571131, Washington, D.C. 20057. Applications postmarked by 6 November 
will receive first consideration. Writing samples and dossiers will be 
requested only after initial screening. [R] 

Florida 

Florida Atlantic U 

English, PO Box 3091, 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism 81 

http://www.
fau.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at Florida Atlantic University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in British 
Romanticism, beginning August 2007. Interrelated expertise in the Visual 
Arts/Art 
History is preferred. Located in subtropical South Florida, 
FAU serves a culturally and ethnically diverse six-county region with a 
population of more than five million people. Teaching assignment is normally 
five courses per year, on the Boca Raton campus. The successful 
candidate will join a department with growing MFA, MA, and BA programs 
and may participate in a variety of interdisciplinary college programs, 
such as the PhD tracks in Literatures, Literacies and Linguistics 
and Fine and Performing Arts. Requirements include a PhD at time of 
appointment, publication record in field, and teaching experience. Send 
letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation to Professor Andrew 
Furman, Chair, Department of English, Florida Atlantic University, 777 
Glades Road, Boca Raton, FL, 33431-0991. Applications must be postmarked 
by Nov. 1. Receipt of application will be acknowledged. FAU is 
an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access Institution. [R] 

Florida Atlantic U 

English, PO Box 3091, 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Assistant Professor of Trans-Atlantic Literatures 83 

http://www.
fau.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at Florida Atlantic University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in Trans- 
Atlantic Literatures, beginning August 2007. Strength in modern and 
contemporary Irish and/or 
multiethnic British Literature is appreciated. 
Located in subtropical South Florida, FAU serves a culturally and ethnically 
diverse six-county region with a population of more than five million 
people. Teaching load normally is 5 courses per year, primarily on 
the John D. MacArthur campus in Jupiter, FL, and occasionally on the 
Treasure Coast campus in Port St. Lucie. Graduate teaching opportunities 
at the Boca Raton campus are also anticipated. The successful candidate 
will join a department with growing MFA, MA, and BA programs 
and may participate in a variety of interdisciplinary college programs. 
Requirements include a PhD at time of appointment, publication record 
in field, and teaching experience. Send letter, vita, and three letters of 
recommendation to Professor Andrew Furman, Chair, Department of 
English, Florida Atlantic University, 777 Glades Road, Boca Raton, FL, 
33431-0991. Applications must be postmarked by Nov. 1. Receipt of application 
will be acknowledged. FAU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access 
Institution. [R] 

Florida Atlantic U 

English, PO Box 3091, 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Assistant Professor of American Indigenous Literatures 82 

http://www.
fau.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at Florida Atlantic University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in American 
Indigenous Literatures, beginning August 2007. Located in subtropical 
South Florida, FAU serves a culturally and ethnically diverse six-county 
region with a population of more than five million people. The Department 
of English was nationally ranked by Black Issues in Higher Education 
( July 14, 2005) as a top African-American and Minority MA degree 
producer. Teaching assignment is normally five courses per year, on the 
Boca Raton campus. The successful candidate will join a department 
with growing MFA, MA, and BA programs and may participate in a variety 
of interdisciplinary college programs. Requirements include a PhD 
at time of appointment, publication record in field, and teaching experience. 
Send letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation to Professor 
Andrew Furman, Chair, Department of English, Florida Atlantic University, 
777 Glades Road, Boca Raton, FL, 33431-0991. Applications must 
be postmarked by Nov. 1. Receipt of application will be acknowledged. 
FAU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access Institution. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, Tallahassee FL 32306 

Multiple Positions in African American Literature 579 

http://www.
english.fsu.edu/ 

Multiple Positions in African American Literature: Assistant Professor 
and Associate Professor or Professor. Principal interest African American 
Literary Studies; possible secondary areas of interest include rhetoric and 
composition; creative writing; and American multi-ethnic literature. Fall 
2007. Ph.D. Successful candidates for the senior position will have an established 
national reputation in the field, familiarity with recent trends 
in African-American Literary Studies, demonstrated excellence in teaching 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels, and willingness to supervise 
the work of graduate students. Interested applicants for the junior 
position should have a record of scholarship and strong commitment to 
teaching and curricular development at the graduate and undergraduate 
levels. 2/2 
teaching assignment; one graduate course per year. Competitive 
salary. Letter and vita only by November 1 to Maxine Montgomery, 
African American Literature Search Committee Chair, English Department, 
Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580. Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed to diversity in hiring. 
A Public Records Agency. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor, Early American 581 

http://www.
english.fsu.edu/ 

Assistant Professor, Early American. Principal interest: early American 
print culture (including book history) with subfield emphasis on, for example, 
Black Atlantic culture or gender studies. Tenure-line, Fall 2007. 
Ph.D. required and well-placed articles (with book, preferred). 2/2 
teaching 
assignment; one graduate course per year. Competitive salary. Letter 
and vita only by November 1 to Kathleen Yancey, Chair, English Department, 
Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580. Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed to diversity in hiring. 
A Public Records Agency. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, Tallahassee FL 32306 

Two Senior Hires, Hist of Text Technologies 585 

http://www.
english.fsu.edu/ 

2 Senior Hires (Associate or Full Professor, with tenure). Fall 2007. As 
part of a cluster of five interdisciplinary senior hires in the History of Text 
Technologies, we seek (1) a specialist in early modern British print culture, 
in any period or genre between 1550 and 1750 and (2) a specialist in 
the application of new digital/media 
technologies to the study of medieval 
or early modern texts. Transnational and/or 
bilingual approaches are 
welcomed but not required. Competitive salary, strong research support, 
and the opportunity to help create a new doctoral program. Letter and 



vita (with names and email addresses of 3 referees) to Gary Taylor, Director, 
History of Text Technologies, gtaylor@english.fsu.edu. Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed to diversity in hiring, 
and a Public Records Agency. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor 19th Century American Literature 584 

http://www.
english.fsu.edu/ 

Assistant Professor, 19th century American literature and culture. Tenure 
line, Fall 2007. Ph.D. required. Record of publication. 2/2 
teaching assignment 
with one graduate course per year. Competitive salary. Letter 
and vita only to Andrew Epstein, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 by November 
1. AA/EOE 
employer. 
Minorities, persons with disabilities, and 
women encouraged to apply. A Public Records Agency. [R] 

New C of Florida 

Humanities, 5800 Bay Shore Road, COH 104 Sarasota FL 34243 

Assistant Professor of British and American literature, tenure track 630 

http://www.
ncf.edu 

Tenure-track appointment approved for specialist in anglophone poetry. 
Broad teaching competence in British and American poetry required. 
Research interest in American multiethnic poetry preferred; African 
American, African diasporic, Chicano/Latino, 
Asian American focus particularly 
desirable. 

Teaching load four courses per year (2/semester, 
no summer session), plus 
supervision of tutorials, independent study projects, senior theses, as well 
as committee responsibilities. New College, the Honors College of the 
state university system of Florida, is an innovative liberal arts institution. 

Candidates should show evidence of active scholarship, demonstrated 
commitment to teaching undergraduates, and an interest in contributing 
to a strong program in Literature across national traditions as well as in 
English. We prefer Ph.D. in hand or dissertation completed by the date 
of appointment. Salary competitive. Send curriculum vitae, letter of application, 
three letters of reference, transcripts, and three one-paragraph 
course proposals. We especially welcome proposals that are varied and 
imaginative as well as intellectually challenging. Candidates who are 
scholar-poets may choose to include one proposal combining the reading 
and writing of poetry. Address to: Dr. Glenn Cuomo, Chair, Division of 
Humanities, New College of Florida, 5800 Bay Shore Road, Sarasota, 
FL 34243-2109. Deadline: postmarked November 10, 2006. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. 

For disability accommodations, contact Chair a minimum of five (5) days 
in advance @ (941) 487-4360. EOE/AA/
ADA/WMA. 
No electronic applications. 


Website: www. ncf.edu; 

Course Descriptions Available: http://www.
ncf.edu/Registrar/
Schedule/ 
Schedule.
htm [R] 

Nova Southeastern U 

Division of Humanities, 3301 College Av Fort Lauderdale FL 33314 

Faculty-Composition/Writing 
Program (995124) 951 

http://www.
nsujobs.com 

Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences at NSU seeks a candidate to teach 
undergraduate courses in introductory composition, advanced writing, 
and rhetoric within our writing program, as well as courses in our M.A. 
in writing program. Requires Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
or English; 
college-level teaching experience; proficiency in use of computer 
hardware and curriculum-related software. Teaching and/or 
research experience 
in professional, technical, and/or 
science writing a plus. Interest 
or experience in teaching and developing online courses preferred. Rank 
TBD (9.5-month faculty). 

Please apply online to position 995124: www.nsujobs.com. Visit our website: 
www.nova.edu. AA/EOE 


U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor of English 531 

http://www.
as.miami.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track assistant professorship in creative writing (f iction) with 
teaching responsibilities in both MFA and undergraduate creative writing 
programs. Minimum requirements: appropriate terminal degree; 
at least one book-length publication; college-level teaching experience. 
Candidate will be expected to be an active publishing writer; to serve as 
reader or adviser for MFA theses; and to serve on the creative writing program 
committee as well as other departmental, college, and/or 
university 
committees. 


Please send letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three confidential 
letters of recommendation to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, 
FL 33124-4632. Deadline for receipt of materials is 6 November. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of English 540 

http://www.
as.miami.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track position in American modernist literature (1900–1950), 
rank open. Minimum requirements for appointment as assistant professor: 
Ph.D. in literature with dissertation on topic related to position; collegelevel 
teaching experience. Minimum requirements for senior appointment: 
Ph.D. in literature, demonstrated excellence in teaching, and strong 
record of scholarly publication commensurate with tenured appointment. 

All candidates will be expected to maintain an active research and publication 
agenda; to teach courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels; 
to be involved with thesis and/or 
dissertation advising; and to serve on 
departmental, college, and/or 
university committees. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three confidential 
letters of recommendation to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, 
FL 33124-4632. Deadline for receipt of materials is 6 November. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St John’s Bluff Rd S Jacksonville FL 32224 

Director of Irish Studies and Professor or Associate Professor of English 798 

http://www.
unf.edu 

Director of Irish Studies and Professor or Associate Professor of English 
(#335000) to begin with the 2007–08 academic year. Specialty within 
the field of Irish literature. Evidence of being an outstanding teacher and 
scholar required, as is a Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature. Expertise 
in additional, especially contiguous, areas of study welcome. Six 
hours/semester 
teaching load in general education, B.A. and M.A. in 
English programs. Salary: negotiable. 

Formal application must be made on-line at http://www.
unf jobs.org. 
Please send additional application materials, a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation, by mail to: Richard 



Bizot, Chair, Irish Studies Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of North Florida, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Road S., Jacksonville, 
FL 32224-2645. Postmark deadline: October 30, 2006. 

UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access/Af 
f irmative Action 
Institution. [R] 

U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St John’s Bluff Rd S Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 794 

http://www.
unf.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track (#312260) to begin with the 
2007–08 academic year. Expertise in Latino/a 
literature and cultures, 
ranging from literatures within the United States to those across the 
Americas. Given our location as the “First Coast” of North American 
colonial contact, the University of North Florida’s engagement with Latino/
a 
studies is of both historical and contemporary import. We are also 
interested in a range of possibilities for the study and teaching of Latin 
American literature. Additional background in indigenous cultures of the 
Americas, border studies, literatures of migration and diaspora, transnational 
feminism, postcolonial theory, or film will be welcome. Successful 
teaching experience, demonstrated interest and expertise in teaching 
writing at lower division, and potential for excellence in scholarship 
are required, as is a Ph.D. (or ABD status with degree awarded no later 
than August 6, 2007) in English or Comparative Literature. Nine hours/ 
semester 
teaching load in general education, B.A. and M.A. in English 
programs. 

Formal application must be made on-line at http://www.
unf jobs.org. 
Please send additional application materials, a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation, by mail to: Michael 
Wiley, Chair, English Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of North Florida, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Road S., Jacksonville, FL 
32224-2645. Postmark deadline: November 6, 2006. 

UNF is an Equal Access/Equal 
Opportunity/Af 
f irmative Action 
Institution. [R] 

U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St John’s Bluff Rd S Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 787 

http://www.
unf.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track (#311190) to begin with the 
2007–08 academic year. Specialty in early British literature with emphasis 
in medieval, and allied teaching and research interests in such areas 
as myth, orality, early world literatures in translation, or epic. Successful 
teaching experience, demonstrated interest and expertise in teaching 
writing at lower division, and potential for excellence in scholarship 
are required, as is a Ph.D. (or ABD status with degree awarded no later 
than August 6, 2007) in English or Comparative Literature. Nine hours/ 
semester teaching load in general education, B.A. and M.A. in English 
programs. 

Formal application must be made on-line at http://www.
unf jobs.org. 
Please send additional application materials, a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation, by mail to: Michael 
Wiley, Chair, English Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of North Florida, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Road S., Jacksonville, FL 
32224-2645. Postmark deadline: November 6, 2006. 

UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access/Af 
f irmative Action 
Institution. [R] 

U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St John’s Bluff Rd S Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 793 

http://www.
unf.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track (#312230), to begin with the 
2007–08 academic year who will teach and publish in a field concerned 
with transnationalism/internationalism, 
globalization, empire, migration, 
and cosmopolitan London. Our ideal candidate will bring knowledge of 
a colonial or postcolonial Anglophone literature into engagement with a 
relevant period of post-Romantic literature of metropolitan England. An 
expertise in South Asian studies, film, globalization studies, new media, 
or human rights will be welcome. We are looking for someone with a 
broad historical and theoretical perspective on issues facing the colonial 
or postcolonial Anglophone world. Successful teaching experience, demonstrated 
interest and expertise in teaching writing at lower division, and 
potential for excellence in scholarship are required, as is a Ph.D. (or ABD 
status with degree awarded no later than August 6, 2007) in English or 
Comparative Literature. Nine hours/semester 
teaching load in general 
education, B.A. and M.A. in English programs. 

Formal application must be made on-line at http://www.
unf jobs.org. 
Please send additional application materials, a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation, by mail to: Michael 
Wiley, Chair, English Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of North Florida, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Road., S., Jacksonville, FL 
32224-2645. Postmark deadline: November 6, 2006. 

UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access/Af 
f irmative Action 
Institution. [R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 982 

http://www.
cas.usf.edu/english 


Assistant Professor. American literature 1860–1920. Any specialization. 
Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants will be considered but must 
have the degree conferred by the time classes begin in August 2007. Candidates 
must have a strong teaching record and outstanding scholarly potential. 
The teaching assignment will include a range of undergraduate 
and graduate courses. 2/2 
teaching load. Salary and benefits competitive. 
Position contingent upon funding. Letter and vita only to Hunt Hawkins, 
Chair, English Department, CPR 107, University of South Florida, 
Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 6. Applications received after that 
date will be advanced only in cases of compelling merit. According to 
Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are open to the 
public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano at (- 
813-974-8211 or Serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least five working days prior to 
need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 1005 

http://www.
cas.usf.edu/english 


Assistant Professor. American literature since 1920. Any specialization. 
Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants will be considered but must 
have the degree conferred by the time classes begin in August 2007. Candidates 
must have a strong teaching record and outstanding scholarly potential. 
The teaching assignment will include a range of undergraduate 
and graduate courses. 2/2 
teaching load. Salary and benefits competitive. 
Position contingent upon funding. Letter and vita only to Hunt Hawkins, 
Chair, English Department, CPR 107, University of South Florida, 
Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 6. Applications received after that 
date will be advanced only in cases of compelling merit. According to 
Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are open to the 



public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano at (- 
813-974-8211 or Serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least five working days prior to 
need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 1017 

http://www.
cas.usf.edu/english 


Assistant Professor. Rhetoric and Composition. Primary specialization in 
rhetoric and technology. A secondary interest in professional and technical 
writing would be an asset. Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants 
will be considered but must have the degree conferred by the time classes 
begin in August 2007. Candidates must have a strong teaching record and 
outstanding scholarly potential. The teaching assignment will include a 
range of undergraduate and graduate courses. 2/2 
teaching load. No assignment 
in administering undergraduate courses or labs. Salary and benefits 
competitive. Position contingent upon funding. Letter and vita only 
to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English Department, CPR 107, University of 
South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 6. Applications received 
after that date will be advanced only in cases of compelling merit. 
According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are 
open to the public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano 
at (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least five working days 
prior to need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 1009 

http://www.
cas.usf.edu/english 


Assistant Professor. Renaissance literature. Primary specialization in poetry 
and/or 
prose. Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants will be 
considered but must have the degree conferred by the time classes begin 
in August 2007. Candidates must have a strong teaching record and outstanding 
scholarly potential. The teaching assignment will include a range 
of undergraduate and graduate courses. 2/2 
teaching load. Salary and benefits 
competitive. Position contingent upon funding. Letter and vita only 
to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English Department, CPR 107, University of 
South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 6. Applications received 
after that date will be advanced only in cases of compelling merit. 
According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are 
open to the public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano 
at (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least five working days 
prior to need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

Georgia 

Augusta SU 

English & Foreign Languages, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 727 

http://www.
aug.edu/langlitcom/ 


The Department of English and Foreign Languages seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor of writing—beginning August 2007. Ph. D. in composition 
and rhetoric required. The successful candidate will have an excellent 
record of teaching and evidence of potential for successful research. 
The candidate will provide leadership for the freshman writing program, 
as part of a 3/4 
teaching load. Teaching responsibilities will include freshman 
composition, advanced writing, as well as pedagogy courses for writing 
teachers in middle and secondary schools. Desirable secondary fields 
include assessment and writing, ESL writing, linguistics, and theories of 
reading. ASU is committed to excellence through diversity in our student 
body and faculty, and thus strongly encourages women and minorities to 
apply. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Dept. of English and Foreign 
Languages, Augusta, GA 30904. Applications accepted immediately 
and until position is filled. EO/AA 
employer 
of the University System of 
Georgia. [R] 

Augusta SU 

English & Foreign Languages, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 733 

http://www.
aug.edu/langlitcom/ 


The Department of English and Foreign Languages of Augusta State 
University invites applications for a tenure-track position available August 
2007. Candidates should have expertise in Shakespearean and Renaissance 
Studies. Teaching responsibilities will include upper-level 
courses for English majors in the area of specialty, freshman composition, 
and world humanities courses required for all students at Augusta State, 
as part of a 4/4 
teaching load. Ph. D. and demonstrated teaching excellence 
required. ASU is committed to excellence through diversity in our 
student body and faculty, and thus strongly encourages women and minorities 
to apply. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, 
and three letters of reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department 
of English and Foreign Languages, Augusta, GA 30904. Applications accepted 
immediately and until position is filled. EO/AA 
employer 
of the 
University System of Georgia. [R] 

Augusta SU 

English & Foreign Languages, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 735 

http://www.
aug.edu/langlitcom/ 


The Department of English and Foreign Languages invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in African-American literature beginning August 
2007. Teaching responsibilities will include upper-level courses for 
English majors in the area of specialty, freshman composition, and world 
humanities courses required for all students at Augusta State, as part of 
a 4/4 
teaching load. Ph. D. and demonstrated teaching excellence required. 
Active research agenda desirable. ASU is committed to excellence 
through diversity in our student body and faculty, and thus strongly 
encourages women and minorities to apply. Please send a letter of application, 
a curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to Dr. Lillie B. 
Johnson, Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, Augusta, 
GA 30904. Applications accepted immediately and until position is filled. 
EO/AA 
employer 
of the University System of Georgia. [R] 

Emory U 

English, N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322 

Assistant Professor in English: 18th century British Literature 857 

http://english.
emory.edu/ 

Emory University invites applications for a position at the Assistant Professor 
level from individuals who specialize in the literatures and culture 
of England, 1660–1800. This includes transatlantic and Anglophone literatures. 
Ph.D. required. Send application letter, vita, and three letters of 
recommendation to Chair, 18th century British Literature Search Committee, 
Department of English, 302 North Callaway Center, Emory University, 
537 Kilgo Circle, Atlanta, GA 30322. Review of applications will 
begin November 1. We encourage applications from women and minority 
candidates. Emory University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 



Georgia C & SU 

English, Speech, & Journalism, Campus Box 044 Milledgeville 
GA 31061 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 568 

http://www.
gcsu.edu/english 


The Department of English, Speech and Journalism at Georgia College & 
State University seeks an Americanist to teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses. This is a tenure-track position with an academic year appointment 
beginning August 1, 2007. Departmental needs include American 
poetry, American women writers, and multicultural American literature. 
Teaching load is 12-credit hours/semester. 
Qualified applicants will show 
a demonstrated interest in faculty/student 
collaboration. ABD acceptable 
but a Ph.D. is required for tenure. Excellence in teaching, scholarly activity, 
and university/community 
service are requirements for promotion 
and tenure. 

To apply, please send letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and copies of transcripts for all degree-granting institutions (official 
copies required prior to appointment) to Dr. John Cox, Search Chair, 
Department of English, Speech and Journalism, CBX 044, Georgia College 
& State University, Milledgeville, GA 31061. For fullest consideration, 
applications should be postmarked by November 1, 2006. Search 
open until filled. 

GCSU is Georgia’s designated public liberal arts university and a member 
of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges (COPLAC). Current enrollment 
is approximately 5800. The campus is located in historic Milledgeville, 
a community of 20,000 located within easy reach of Atlanta, 
Macon, and Athens. For more information please visit our web page at 
www.gcsu.edu. 

GCSU is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer, 
committed 
to cultural, racial, and ethnic communities. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant Professor 443 

http://www.
english.gsu.edu/ 

Tenure Track entry-level Assistant Professor, Old English (Medieval Language 
and Literature), for Fall 2007, pending final budgetary approval. 
Preference given to candidates with secondary specialization in HEL, medievalism, 
or drama. Demonstrated commitment to scholarship, service, 
and teaching excellence required; starting teaching load 2/2 
and strong 
research support. Ph.D. in hand required by 8/07. 
The Department encourages 
minority candidates to apply. Salary competitive. Send letter and 
cv only by Nov. 15, 2006, to Janet Gabler-Hover, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State 
University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. Interview at MLA. GSU is a unit of 
University System of Georgia and an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Georgia Southwestern SU 

English & Mod Langs, 800 Georgia SW State University Dr Americus 
GA 31709 

Assistant Professor of English/Reading 
864 

http://www.
gsw.edu 

Tenure-track position to begin August 2007, in a School of Humanities 
and Fine Arts with 22 full-time faculty. Position requires a person with 
training in composition and in adult literacy. Duties will include a 4/4 
teaching load of primarily introductory composition and remedial reading 
courses. Ph.D or Ed.D required at time of appointment, and teaching 
experience also required. The successful candidate will demonstrate 
an appreciation of the departments undergraduate teaching mission, and a 
commitment to service and scholarship. Deadline for applications is November 
22, 2006. Submit GSW Faculty Application (available at www 
.gsw.edu/job/
index.html), cover letter, curriculum vitÃ¦, unofficial transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Human Resources, Georgia 
Southwestern State University, English/Reading 
Search, 800 Georgia 
Southwestern State University Drive, Americus, GA 31709. GSW is an 
AA/EEO/
ADA employer. 
[R] 

Georgia Southwestern SU 

English & Mod Langs, 800 Georgia SW State University Dr Americus 
GA 31709 

Assistant Professor of English 866 

http://www.
gsw.edu 

Tenure track position to begin August 2007, in a department of nine 
English and two Modern Language faculty. Position requires a flexible 
generalist, but preference will be given to candidates with expertise in 
early Modernism, minority literature, or post-colonial literature. Duties 
will include a 4/4 
teaching load of both composition and literature 
courses. Ph.D required at time of appointment. Teaching experience also 
required. The successful candidate will demonstrate an appreciation of 
the departments undergraduate teaching mission, and a commitment to 
service and scholarship. Review of applications will begin November 22, 
2006. Submit GSW Faculty Application (available at www.gsw.edu/ 
job/
index.html), cover letter, curriculum vitÃ¦, unofficial transcripts, and 
three letters of recommendation to: Human Resources, Georgia Southwestern 
State University, Literature Search, 800 Georgia Southwestern 
State University Drive, Americus, GA 31709. GSW is an AA/EEO/
ADA 
employer. [R] 

Georgia Southwestern SU 

English & Mod Langs, 800 Georgia SW State University Dr Americus 
GA 31709 

Assistant Professor of English 868 

http://www.
gsw.edu 

Tenure-track position to begin August 2007, in a School of Humanities 
and Fine Arts with 22 full-time faculty. Position requires a person with 
training in rhetoric and composition, but preference will be given to candidates 
with expertise in teaching basic writing. Duties will include a 4/ 
4 
teaching load of primarily introductory and upper division composition 
courses. Ph.D required at time of appointment, and teaching experience 
also required. The successful candidate will demonstrate an appreciation 
of the departments undergraduate teaching mission, and a commitment to 
service and scholarship. Deadline for applications is November 22, 2006. 
Submit GSW Faculty Application (available at www.gsw.edu/job/
index 
.html), cover letter, curriculum vitÃ¦, unofficial transcripts, and three 
letters of recommendation to: Human Resources, Georgia Southwestern 
State University, Composition Search, 800 Georgia Southwestern 
State University Drive, Americus, GA 31709. GSW is an EEO/AA/
ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

Georgia Southern U 

Lit & Philos, PO Box 8023 Statesboro GA 30460 

Assistant Professor of Colonial/Postcolonial 
Studies and World Literature 
880 

http://class.
georgiasouthern.edu/litphi 


Georgia Southern University’s Department of Literature and Philosophy 
invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track assistant professor of Colonial/
Post-
colonial Studies and World Literature. Area of specialization 
is open; however, preference will be given to a candidate with expertise 
in Irish studies and/or 
expertise in developing world literature pedagogy. 
World literature courses comprise a significant part of the departments 
teaching responsibility. The full text advertisement, including information 
about the department, faculty, and the complete position announcement 
with all qualifications and application instructions, is available at 



http://class.
georgiasouthern.edu/litphi. 
Screening of applications begins 
November 1, 2006, and continues until the position is f illed. Georgia 
Southern seeks to recruit individuals who are committed to excellence in 
teaching, scholarship, and professional service within the University and 
beyond and who are committed to working in diverse academic and professional 
communities. Georgia is an open records state. Georgia Southern 
is an AA/EO 
institution. Individuals who need reasonable accommodations 
under the ADA to participate in the search process should contact 
the Associate Provost. 

Georgia Southern U 

Lit & Philos, PO Box 8023 Statesboro GA 30460 

Assistant Professor of Shakespeare and Early Modern Drama 876 

http://class.
georgiasouthern.edu/litphi 


Georgia Southern Universitys Department of Literature and Philosophy 
invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track assistant professor 
of Shakespeare and Early Modern Drama. The full-text advertisement, 
including information about the department, faculty, and the complete 
position announcement with all qualifications and application instructions, 
is available at http://class.
georgiasouthern.edu/litphil. 
Screening of 
applications begins November 1, 2006, and continues until the position 
is filled. Georgia Southern seeks to recruit individuals who are committed 
to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and professional service within 
the University and beyond and who are committed to working in diverse 
academic and professional communities. Georgia is an open records state. 
Georgia Southern is an AA/EO 
institution. Individuals who need reasonable 
accommodations under the ADA to participate in the search process 
should contact the Associate Provost. 

Georgia Southern U 

Writing & Linguistics, PO Box 8026 Statesboro GA 30460 

Assistant Professors of Writing and Linguistics 362 

http://class.
georgiasouthern.edu/writling/ 


Rhetoric and composition (http://class.
georgiasouthern.edu/writling/) 
Two tenure-track assistant professor positions. Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition 
or related field required by appointment date, with specialization 
in cultural studies, literacy studies, rhetorical history, writing technologies, 
and/or 
composition theory as they relate to teaching and research 
in the field of writing studies. Ph.D. required by starting date of position, 
August 1, 2007. Experience teaching with technology and evidence 
of scholarly potential and excellence in teaching are required. Two to four 
years college teaching experience preferred. Preference may be given to 
candidates with publications or presentations at professional conferences 
and to candidates with experience working with diverse student populations. 
Duties will include teaching undergraduate and graduate courses 
in the departments degree concentration in Writing and Culture, as 
well as first-year composition. Salary is competitive and commensurate 
with qualifications. Screening of applications begins November 1, 2006 
and continues until the position is filled. A complete application consists 
of a letter addressing the qualifications cited above; a curriculum vitae; 
and the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of at least three professional 
references. Applications should be sent to Professor Michael 
Pemberton, Search Chair, Search #51761, Department of Writing and 
Linguistics, Georgia Southern University, P.O. Box 8026, Statesboro, GA 
30460-8026. Additional materials may be requested at a later date. Georgia 
Southern University, a member of the University System of Georgia, 
is the largest and most comprehensive center of higher education in the 
southern half of Georgia. Georgia Southern University is classified by the 
Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as a Doctoral/ 
Research 
institution. A residential university serving 16,646 students in 
Fall 2005, Georgia Southerns hallmark is a superior undergraduate experience 
emphasizing academic distinction, excellent teaching, and student 
success. Founded in 1906, the university offers 120 degree programs at 
the baccalaureate, masters, and doctoral levels through eight colleges. The 
675-acre campus is located in Statesboro, a community of approximately 
30,000 residents, 50 miles northwest of historic Savannah and 200 miles 
southeast of Atlanta. Georgia is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
institution. Individuals who need reasonable accommodations under 
the Americans with Disabilities Act in order to participate in the search 
process should contact the Associate Provost. Georgia is an open records 
state. [R] 

North Georgia C & SU 

Lang & Lit, 322C Dunlap Hall Dahlonega GA 30597 

Assistant Professor of English, Rhetoric & Composition/Director 
of Writing 
Center 1039 

http://www.
ngcsu.edu/adminsrv/
hr/facultypositions.
htm 

North Georgia College & State University invites applications for a tenure-
track position at the Assistant Professor level, beginning August 2007. 
Ph.D. preferred, but ABD applicants considered at the Instructor level. A 
degree in Rhetoric & Composition is required; experience with Writing 
Centers is preferred. Teaching experience is required, with an expectation 
of continued scholarship and service to the university. 

Duties: Teaching courses in first-year composition, as well as upper-level 
writing, and directing the Writing Center. Teaching load is 3/3. 
One 
course in the fall semester will be a 2-hour training class for Writing Center 
tutors. 

NGCSU, the Leadership Institution of Georgia, is a liberal arts institution 
founded in 1873. Located in the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Chattahoochee 
National Forest, Dahlonega, Georgia is only one hour north 
of Atlanta. U.S. News & World Report’s America’s Best Colleges 2006 
ranks NGCSU as No. 19 in the South among peer public universities. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until position 
is filled. Please send letter of application, curriculum vita, and three 
letters of recommendation to: 

Dept. of Human Resources, Attn: Assistant Professor of English, Rhetoric 
& Composition/Director 
of Writing Center, North Georgia College 
& State University, 82 College Circle, Dahlonega, GA 30597 [R] 

U of West Georgia 

English, 1601 Maple St Carrollton GA 30118 

Assistant Professor of English Education 566 

http://www.
westga.edu/~engdept 

Applications are invited for a tenure-track appointment in English education 
at the rank of assistant professor, beginning in August 2007, contingent 
upon funding. A candidate who has an emphasis in literary studies 
particularly film as literature and/or 
multi-ethnic literatures with additional 
training and/or 
demonstrated interest in training teacher-candidates 
is highly desirable. The person we hire for this position will join a 
faculty of committed teachers concerned with teacher training and one 
colleague whose position is designated English education. Teaching duties 
include advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in the f ield 
of expertise and other courses in the curriculum related to our teacher- 
education 
program. The teaching load is three courses per semester. Ph.D. 
in English, a strong commitment to teaching at all levels, and an active research 
agenda required. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
Send letter of application, CV, 2–3 sample syllabi, and a scholarly writing 
sample (20–25 pages) by 11/3/
06 to Jane Hill, Chair, Department of English 
and Philosophy, 1601 Maple Street, Carrollton, GA 30118-2200. Letter 
should address specifically commitment to and methods of teaching as 
well as scholarly interests. Finalists for interviews at MLA convention in 
Philadelphia will be asked to send complete dossiers by early December. 
UWG, a comprehensive state university within the University System 
of Georgia, is located about 45 miles west of Atlanta. AA/EOE. 
Email 
jhill@westga.edu for additional information. [R] 



U of West Georgia 

English, 1601 Maple St Carrollton GA 30118 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 564 

http://www.
westga.edu/~engdept 

Applications are invited for a tenure-track appointment in British literature 
of the eighteenth century at the rank of assistant professor, beginning 
August 2007. The department seeks candidates who have a commitment 
to teaching British literature from a dynamic, politically and culturally 
informed perspective rather than from the strict conf inement of periodization. 
Training and/or 
scholarship in visual culture of the period is 
desirable. Teaching duties include advanced undergraduate and graduate 
courses in the field of expertise and other courses in the curriculum 
appropriate to the candidate’s training and interests. The teaching load 
is three courses per semester. Ph.D. in English, a strong commitment to 
teaching at all levels, and an active research agenda required. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application, CV, 2–3 
sample syllabi, and a scholarly writing sample (20–25 pages) by 11/3/
06 
to Jane Hill, Chair, Department of English and Philosophy, 1601 Maple 
Street, Carrollton, GA 30118-2200. Letter should address specif ically 
commitment to and methods of teaching as well as scholarly interests. Finalists 
for interviews at MLA convention in Philadelphia will be asked to 
send complete dossiers by early December. UWG, a comprehensive state 
university within the University System of Georgia, is located about 45 
miles west of Atlanta. AA/EOE. 
Email jhill@westga.edu for additional 
information. [R] 

Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor of English 560 

http://www.
valdosta.edu 

Valdosta State University, a regional university in the University System 
of Georgia, announces one ten-month, tenure track faculty position beginning 
August 1, 2007. Normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) 
per semester. All candidates will be expected to teach at the core, upperdivision, 
and graduate levels. Service to the department, university, and 
community are expected. Research leading to scholarly publication expected. 
ABD with MA in hand considered; PhD in hand by August 1, 
2007, required. Preference given to those with a specialty in creative nonfiction. 
Experience in composition and/or 
world literature preferred. To 
apply submit a letter of application, faculty application form (http://www 
.valdosta.edu/academic/
forms/fac_
employment_app.pdf ), and CV to Dr. 
Mark Smith, Head, English Department, VSU, Valdosta, GA 31698-0025. 
Reveiw of applications begins November 1, 2006, and continues until position 
is filled. VSU is an equal opportunity educational institution. [R] 

Hawai‘i 

U of Hawai‘i at Ma-noa 

English, 1733 Donaghho Rd, Kuy 402 Honolulu HI 96822 

Assistant Professor of English 597 

http://www.
english.hawaii.edu 

Full-time, tenure-track appointment in Hawai‘ian Literature (position 
number 83296), beginning August 1, 2007; position dependent on funding 
and availability. Teaching Duties: teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses in Hawai‘ian literature written in or translated into English; other 
literature courses and introductory composition; five courses over two semesters. 
Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, or equivalent; dissertation 
and/or 
publications in Hawai‘ian literature; proficiency in written 
and spoken Hawai‘ian; knowledge of Hawai‘ian literary traditions in both 
Hawai‘ian and English; evidence of ongoing research into Hawai‘ian literature; 
focus on Hawai‘ian literature in relation to Hawai‘ian culture 
and history; experience teaching at college or university level. Desirable 
Qualifications: Knowledge of oral literature; knowledge of both 19th-and 
20th-century 
Hawai‘ian literature; grounding in an indigenous perspective; 
commitment to examining Hawai‘ian literature from historical, 
cultural, and aesthetic perspectives; attention to Hawai‘ian literature in 
relation to other literatures of Hawai‘i and to Pacific literatures; knowledge 
of translation studies; strong commitment to both teaching and research. 
Salary: commensurate with credentials and experience. Send letter 
of application and CV to Professor Cristina Bacchilega, Chair, English 
Department, University of Hawai‘i at M-anoa, 1733 Donaghho Road, 
Honolulu, HI 96822. The University of Hawai‘i at M-anoa is committed 
to equal opportunity and affirmative action. Closing Date: November 15, 
2006. [R] 

U of Hawai‘i at Ma-noa 

English, 1733 Donaghho Rd, Kuy 402 Honolulu HI 96822 

Assistant Professor of English 598 

http://www.
english.hawaii.edu 

Full-time, tenure-track position in Composition and Rhetoric (position 
number 84820), beginning August 1, 2007; position dependent upon 
funding and availability. Teaching Duties: teach courses in introductory, 
upper-division, and graduate-level Composition and Rhetoric; occasional 
introductory literature courses; five courses over two semesters. Minimum 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric, or equivalent; 
dissertation and/or 
publications in Composition and Rhetoric; teaching 
experience at college or university level. Desirable Qualifications: composition 
theory and pedagogy in multicultural contexts; first-year writing; 
tutor training; writing center theory and practice; writing program 
assessment; community literacy; rhetorical theory and criticism; strong 
commitment to both teaching and research. Salary: commensurate with 
credentials and experience. Send letter of application and CV to Professor 
Cristina Bacchilega, Chair, English Department, University of Hawai‘i at 
M-anoa, 1733 Donaghho Road, Honolulu, HI 96822. The University of 
Hawai‘i at M-anoa is committed to equal opportunity and affirmative action. 
Closing Date: November 15, 2006. [R] 

U of Hawai‘i at Ma-noa 

English, 1733 Donaghho Rd, Kuy 402 Honolulu HI 96822 

Assistant Professor of English 599 

http://www.
english.hawaii.edu 

Full-time, tenure-track in Creative Writing, preferably multi-genres (Fiction 
& one of the following: Creative Nonfiction, Screenwriting, Poetry), 
beginning August 1, 2007 (position number 84559); position dependent 
upon funding. Duties: teach courses in introductory, upper-division, and 
graduate-level creative writing and literature; and in introductory composition. 
Five courses over two semesters. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. 
with Creative Writing emphasis and significant publication; or M.A. in 
English/M.
F.A. in Creative Writing with at least one book; or equivalent 
in publications; teaching experience at college or university level. Desirable 
Qualifications: writing and pedagogical focus on gender; writing and 
pedagogical focus on queer studies; ability to teach courses in these areas; 
demonstrated commitment to teaching. Salary: commensurate with credentials 
and experience. Send letter of application and CV to Professor 
Cristina Bacchilega, Chair, English Department, University of Hawai‘i 
at M-anoa, 1733 Donaghho Road, Honolulu, HI 96822. The University 
of Hawai‘i at M-anoa is committed to equal opportunity and affirmative 
action. Closing Date: November 15, 2006. [R] 



Idah o 

Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor of English 773 

http://www.
boisestate.edu/ 

The Boise State University Department of English invites applications for 
the position of Assistant Professor in American Literature. This is a fulltime 
tenure-track position starting fall 2007. 

Qualifications: Earned doctorate in English required by fall 2007 with 
an emphasis in American literature. Candidates must have research and 
teaching strengths in twentieth-century 
poetry and be able to teach from 
the introductory survey to the graduate level. Desirable candidates will 
demonstrate their ability to contribute to a large and diverse literature 
program. The normal teaching load is three courses (9 credits) per semester. 
Teaching excellence, scholarly publication, and service are required 
for academic advancement. http://english.
boisestate.edu 

Application Procedures: Send a letter of application addressing teaching 
philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and a 
minimum of three letters of recommendation to: 

Professor Michelle Payne, Chair, Department of English, Boise State 
University Search # AA-0011–67, 1910 University Dr., Boise, ID 83725- 
1525 

Email: english@boisestate.edu 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2006. Applications received 
after that point may be considered if the position is not filled from 
the initial applicant pool. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA 
Institution, Veterans preference. [R] 

Illinois 

Bradley U 

English, 1501 W Bradley Av Peoria IL 61625 

Assistant Professor of English 294 

http://www.
bradley.edu/las/
eng/ 

Tenure-Track Position in Contemporary American Fiction 

Tenure-track position at Assistant Professor rank beginning August, 
2007. Candidates must have a specialty in post-1945 American fiction. 
Required: Ph.D. in hand by August 15, 2007; teaching experience; potential 
for publication; and ability to teach composition and general education 
literature courses. Preference given to candidates with secondary 
specialization in one of the following: modern drama, world literatures, 
Latina/Latino 
Literature, or film and literature. Successful teaching and 
refereed publications required for tenure and promotion. Send letter of 
application, c.v. (including a list of courses taught and numbers of sections 
for each course), and dossier (including an unofficial transcript and at 
least two letters of recommendation that attest to successful teaching and 
potential for scholarly publication) to Professor Laurie Vickroy, Search 
Committee Chair. Applications must be postmarked by Nov. 10, 2006. 
Initial interviews at MLA. Bradley University is an Equal Opportunity 
and Affirmative Action Employer. 
The administration, faculty and staff 
are committed to attracting qualified candidates from groups currently 
underrepresented on our campus. [R] 

DePaul U 

English, 802 W Belden Chicago IL 60614 

Assistant Professor in English 506 

http://www.
depaul.edu/~english 

The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in ethnic literatures of the US at the rank of Assistant Professor, starting 
in September 2007. We are particularly interested in candidates with specializations 
in Latino/a 
or Asian-American literatures, with a grounding 
in critical race theory and twentieth-century 
American literary history. 
Secondary fields might include cultural studies, Native American literature, 
or Caribbean literature. Applicants must have the PhD in hand by 
September 2007, demonstrated expertise in teaching, and an active scholarly 
agenda. 

We seek candidates with a clear commitment to undergraduate education, 
experience in teaching students of diverse cultural backgrounds, and 
sensitivity to the educational goals of a multicultural student population. 
Tenure-track faculty regularly teach courses in English, from core courses 
in the major to graduate-level courses in the MA in English, as well as 
courses in general education, honors, and interdisciplinary programs, at 
times on different campuses; they also participate in advising and committee 
work. For more information about the departments and universitys 
programs, see the departments website at the address noted above. We 
particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university and 
its surrounding urban community, and we specifically solicit applications 
from women, people of color, and individuals from other historically underrepresented 
groups. 

To apply, send a letter and CV to William Fahrenbach, Chair, Department 
of English, DePaul University, 802 W. Belden, Chicago, IL 60614. Applications 
must be postmarked by October 31 2006. DePaul University is 
committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

DePaul U 

English, 802 W Belden Chicago IL 60614 

Assistant Professor in English 507 

http://www.
depaul.edu/~english 

The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in rhetoric and composition at the rank of Assistant Professor, starting in 
September 2007. We are particularly interested in candidates with specializations 
in technical and/or 
professional writing, and expertise in one 
or more of the following areas: workplace writing, digital literacies, new 
media studies, genre studies. Applicants must have the PhD in hand by 
September 2007, demonstrated expertise in teaching, and an active scholarly 
agenda. 

We seek candidates with a clear commitment to undergraduate education, 
experience in teaching students of diverse cultural backgrounds, and sensitivity 
to the educational goals of a multicultural student population. The 
successful candidate will teach in a newly designed concentration in writing 
and rhetoric, a well-established MA program, and programs outside 
English, including DePauls general education program, at times on different 
campuses. For more information about the departments and universitys 
programs, see the departments website at the address noted above. We 
particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university and 
its surrounding urban community, and we specifically solicit applications 
from women, people of color, and individuals from other historically underrepresented 
groups. 

To apply, send a letter and CV to William Fahrenbach, Chair, Department 
of English, DePaul University, 802 W. Belden, Chicago, IL 
60614. Applications 
must be postmarked by October 31 2006. DePaul 
University is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 



DePaul U 

English, 802 W Belden Chicago IL 60614 

Associate Professor in English 509 

http://www.
depaul.edu/~english 

The English department invites applications from accomplished, senior 
teacher-scholars in rhetoric and composition who have established ongoing 
research agendas in one or more of the following fields: history/ 
theories 
of rhetoric, genre studies, teaching English at the secondary level, 
digital literacies, technical and/or 
professional writing, workplace writing. 
The successful candidate will be expected to play a leadership role 
along with other senior faculty in support of a large Master of Arts in 
Writing program and an emerging undergraduate major track in Writing 
and Rhetoric. Significant experience and interest in writing program 
administration is highly desirable in a department that staffs the directorships 
of First-Year Writing and the University Center for Writing-based 
Learning. 

We seek candidates with a clear commitment to undergraduate education, 
experience in teaching students of diverse cultural backgrounds, and 
sensitivity to the educational goals of a multicultural student population. 
The successful candidate will teach in programs outside English, including 
DePauls Liberal Studies program, occasionally on different campuses. 
We particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university 
and its surrounding urban community, and we specifically solicit applications 
from women, people of color, and individuals from other historically 
underrepresented groups. 

To apply, send a letter and CV to William Fahrenbach, Chair, Department 
of English, DePaul University, 802 W. Belden, Chicago, IL 60614. Applications 
must be postmarked by October 31 2006. DePaul University is 
committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor, Composition/Rhetoric, 
Professional Writing 775 

http://www.
eiu.edu/~english 

Tenure-track position in Composition/Rhetoric 
and Professional Writing. 
Especially interested in candidates with expertise in such areas as 
professional and technical writing, composition theory and pedagogy, 
rhetorical studies, writing-across-the-curriculum, and/or 
writing assessment. 
Successful candidate will be able to contribute to our newly revised 
two-year MA program and concentrations in Composition/Rhetoric 
and 
Professional Writing and to our undergraduate major and General Education 
curricula. We seek excellent teachers with wide interests and scholarly 
promise. PhD by date of appointment. Fall 2007 start. 3/3 
teaching 
load. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier (letters of 
recommendation and official or unofficial transcripts) by November 10, 
2006, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, Department of English, Eastern Illinois 
University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, Charleston, IL 61920-3099. We 
will interview at the MLA conference. Eastern Illinois University is an 
equal opportunity/equal 
access/affirmative 
action employer 
committed to 
achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in International Technical Communication/Global 
Rhetoric 1023 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu 

Illinois State University seeks an assistant professor (tenure-track) in International 
Technical Communication/Global 
Rhetoric. For details of 
the position and application procedures, please see: http://www.
english
.ilstu.edu/facultypositions.
htm. 

Please address inquiries to Tim Hunt, Chair, Department of English 
(tahunt@
ilstu.edu). 

Illinois State University is an AA/EEO 
Institution and Employer. 
[R] 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Associate Professor in English Studies Pedagogy and English Education 1025 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu 

Illinois State University seeks an Associate Professor (tenure-track) in 

English Studies Pedagogy and English Education. For details of the position 
and application procedures, please see: http://www.
english.ilstu.edu/ 
facultypositions.
htm. 

Please address inquiries to Tim Hunt, Chair, Department of English 
(tahunt@
ilstu.edu). 

Illinois State University is an AA/EEO 
Institution and Employer. 
[R] 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in Digital Rhetoric/Rhetoric 
of New Media 1021 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu 

Illinois State University seeks an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) in Digital 
Rhetoric/Rhetoric 
of New Media. For details of the position and application 
procedures, please see: 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu/facultypositions.
htm. 

Please address inquiries to Tim Hunt, Chair, Department of English 
(tahunt@
ilstu.edu). 

Illinois State University is an AA/EEO 
Institution and Employer. 
[R] 

Illinois Wesleyan U 

English, PO Box 2900 Bloomington IL 61702 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing) 458 

http://www.
iwu.edu 

The English Department at Illinois Wesleyan University invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor to begin 2007–08. This tenure-track 
position entails teaching six courses annually (3–3) in creative writing, 
literature, and general education. Ph.D. in Creative Writing or Literature 
(should be completed by August 1, 2007), with a strong record of creative 
publication. Expertise in multiple genres (poetry, fiction, creative nonfiction, 
drama, screenplay, journalism) a plus; preference given to candidates 
with teaching experience. 

Illinois Wesleyan University—a highly selective liberal arts institution that 
values excellence in both teaching and scholarship—is located in Bloomington, 
Illinois, approximately two hours southwest of Chicago. Send letter 
of application and curriculum vitae by December 1, 2006 to Alison 
Sainsbury, Chair, Department of English, Illinois Wesleyan University, 
P.O. Box 2900, Bloomington, IL 61702-2900. Phone: 309-556-3333. 

Interviewing at MLA. Illinois Wesleyan University is an equal opportunity 
employer, 
and invites applications from women and minorities. [R] 

Northwestern U 

English, 1897 Sheridan Rd, University Hall 215 Evanston IL 60208 

Assistant Professor in 18th Century British Literature 643 

http://www.
english.northwestern.edu 

We seek to hire a beginning or advanced assistant professor in British literature 
of the long eighteenth century. Applicants with expertise in any 
genre and critical methodology are welcome. By October 30, please send 
letter of application, CV, at least three letters of recommendation, and 
a writing sample of 25 pages maximum to Helen Thompson, Chair of 
Search Committee, Department of English, Northwestern University, 
1897 Sheridan, University Hall 215, Evanston, IL 60208-2240. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. AA/EOE. 
[R] 



Parkland C 

English, 2400 W Bradley Champaign IL 61821 

Instructor of English (one tenure-track) 515 

http://www.
parklandcollege.edu 

Teach English composition. Minimum of master’s degree in English or 
related field required. Teaching experience preferred, especially in developmental 
composition. Experience with computer/Internet 
composition 
applications preferred. Experience working with diverse populations and 
at-risk students preferred. Opportunities to teach Humanities, Liberal 
Arts, and Literature possible. Preliminary interviews at MLA convention 
in Philadelphia possible. Positions contingent upon administrative 
approval. 


To apply: Parkland College application; resume/vitae; 
copies of official 
transcripts; letter of application; teaching philosophy statement. Application 
forms anailable from Human Resources, Parkland College, 2400 W. 
Bradley Ave., Champaign, IL 61821. Telephone: 217.353.2643. 

Roosevelt U 

Lit & Langs, 430 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605 

Assistant Professor of English 634 

http://www.
roosevelt.edu 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position in African-American literature, 
Latino/Latina 
literature, and/or 
literature of the African diaspora. 
We seek candidates with a strong and balanced commitment to teaching 
and to scholarship. Applicants should be prepared to teach special-topics 
courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels as well as introductory 
survey and general education courses; the usual load is six courses 
per year. A Ph.D. is required by August 15, 2007. Applicants should submit 
a cover letter that addresses relevant credentials and experience and 
scholarly/professional 
goals, curriculum vitae, and statement of teaching 
philosophy, postmarked by November 1, 2006, to Bonnie Gunzenhauser, 
Chair, Department of Literature and Languages, Roosevelt University, 
430 S. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 60605. Dossiers will be requested 
after initial screening, and first-round interviews will take place at the 
MLA convention in Philadelphia. 

Roosevelt University is a vibrant metropolitan institution with two campuses: 
one in downtown Chicago and one in the northwest suburbs. 
Faculty members teach at both campuses. Roosevelt University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Southern Illinois U Carbondale 

English, Faner Hall-MC 4503 Carbondale IL 62901 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Irish and Irish Immigration Studies 30 

http://www.
siu.edu/departments/
english 

The English Department at Southern Illinois University Carbondale seeks 
applicants for a full-time, tenure-track position at the rank of either Assistant 
or Associate Professor with expertise in the literature and culture 
of Ireland and Irish immigration. At the level of Assistant Professor, applicants 
must have the PhD in English before the date of appointment; if 
all requirements have not been completed, a one-year term appointment 
at the rank of Instructor may be offered. Applicants who seek an appointment 
at the Associate level must have, in addition to a completed PhD in 
English, a record of scholarly research and evidence of relevant teaching 
experience. Principal responsibilities will include teaching undergraduate 
and graduate level courses, maintaining a successful research record in the 
area of expertise, and serving on departmental, college, and/or 
university 
committees. Send letter of application and current CV to Professor 
Charles Fanning, Irish Studies Search, Department of English, Southern 
Illinois University Carbondale, 1000 Faner Dr., Carbondale, IL 62901, 
Mail Code 4503. Postmark deadline for applications is November 1, 2006, 
or until the position is filled. Appointment will begin August 16, 2007. 
SIUC is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer 
that strives to 
enhance its ability to develop a diverse faculty and staff and to increase its 
potential to serve a diverse student population. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: African-American Literature 520 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Specialist in African-American literature, any period. 3/3 
teaching load 
includes undergraduate and graduate courses in area of speciality, along 
with survey, general education, and composition courses. Salary commensurate 
with experience and credentials. Ph.D. required. If Ph.D. is 
not completed by the beginning of the contract period, appointment will 
be at rank of Instructor until all degree requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Il linois University Edwardsvil le is a diverse, master’s/ 
comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis metro east area. Candidates 
must submit a letter of application, vita and statement of teaching 
philosophy to: Search Committee African American Lit., English Dept., 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Campus Box 1431, Edwardsville, 
IL 62026-1431. Candidates who advance to the second round will 
be asked for a writing sample, letters of recommendation and transcripts. 
As an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment opportunity 
without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national 
origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university—benefits under state 
sponsored plans may not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 13, 2006; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Creative Writing (Poetry) 516 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Tenure-track specialist in Poetry Writing. One published book or significant 
publications required. Evidence of successful teaching preferred. 
M.F.A. or Ph.D. required and must be in hand at time of application. 
Teaching responsibilities will include undergraduate and graduate courses. 
3/3 
course load includes other English department courses in literature 
and composition. Salary commensurate with experience and credentials. 

Southern Il linois University Edwardsvil le is a diverse, master’s/ 
comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis metro east area. Candidates 
must submit by postal mail a letter of application, vita, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and poetry sample of no more than ten pages to: 
Search Committee Poetry Writer, English Dept., Southern Illinois University 
Edwardsville, Campus Box 1431, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. 
Candidates who advance to the next round will be asked for transcripts 
and letters of recommendation. As an Aff irmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, 
creed or religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state 
university—benefits under state sponsored plans may not be available to 
holders of F1 or J1 visas. Preference given to candidates who apply by 
November 13, 2006. Interviews will be held at the MLA convention in 
December. Position open until filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Critical Theory/Victorian 
Novel 514 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Tenure-track specialist in Critical Theory/Victorian 
Novel. Background 
in history of the novel appreciated. 3/3 
teaching load includes undergraduate 
and graduate courses in these areas, along with survey, general education, 
and composition courses. Salary commensurate with experience and 
credentials. Ph.D. required. If Ph.D. is not completed by the beginning 



of the contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all 
degree requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Il linois University Edwardsvil le is a diverse, master’s/ 
comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates 
must submit a letter of application, vita, three letters of reference, 
transcript, research agenda, and statement of teaching philosophy that includes 
the teaching of theory to: Theory/Victorian 
Search Committee, 
Department of English, Box 1431, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, 
Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. Candidates who advance to the second 
round will be asked to submit a writing sample. As an Affirmative 
Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment opportunity without 
regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. 
SIUE is a state university; benefits under state sponsored plans may 
not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 13, 2006; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E. 58th St. Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of African American Literature 262 

http://english.
uchicago.edu 

The University of Chicago’s English department plans to hire at least two 
scholars in the African American field. Areas of our particular (but not 
exclusive) interest include the Black Atlantic worlds of the 18th and/or 
19th centuries; Caribbean literatures (Anglophone required, with Francophone 
and/or 
Hispanophone training a desirable plus); post-1965 African 
American literature; African American poetry and poetics; Black film, 
media/digital, 
and/or 
visual culture studies. 

Ph.D. should be completed by the time of employment. Applications are 
due November 1, 2006. For the initial stage of application, all dossiers 
should include: cover letter, CV, and three letters of reference. Candidates 
for the Assistant Professorial rank should also include their dissertation 
abstract. Applicants from the Associate or Full Professorial ranks should 
include a selection (no more than 50 pages) from their major publications. 
Please send materials to Bill Brown, Chair, Department of English, University 
of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. 
The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E. 58th St. Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant Professor of British Literature and Culture, 1750–1900 264 

http://english.
uchicago.edu 

The University of Chicago’s English Department plans to hire an Assistant 
Professor of British Literature and Culture. We are looking for a 
scholar and teacher of demonstrable promise whose historical focus of attention, 
however narrow or broad, falls between 1750 and 1900. We welcome 
applications from Romanticists and Victorianists, for instance, but 
our search has not been motivated by such specifications of field. We have 
particular interests in the history and theory of the novel, or in poetry and 
poetics, or in varieties of popular, vernacular, and/or 
material cultures. 
Nonetheless, we welcome applications from candidates with other areas 
of specialization. Ph.D. should be completed by the time of employment. 
Applications (cover letter, CV, dissertation abstract, three letters of recommendation) 
are due November 1, 2006. Please send materials to Bill 
Brown, Chair, Department of English, University of Chicago, 1115 E. 
58th St., Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. The University of Chicago 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Illinois 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern/Renaissance 
British Lit. 521 

http://www.
english.uiuc.edu 

Two full-time positions in Early Modern/Renaissance 
British literature 
(approximately 1500–1660), Assistant Professor, tenure-track appointments, 
begin August 16, 2007. Each position assumes completed Ph.D. 
in pertinent area by August 2007. In order to ensure full consideration, 
send letter, C.V., and a 1–3 page description of dissertation or current, 
post-dissertation research project to Martin Camargo, Head, Department 
of English, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 608 S. 
Wright St., Urbana, IL 61801 (phone 217-333-2390) by November 3, 
2006. We acknowledge all applications and plan to interview at MLA. 
Salary commensurate with qualif ications. The University of Illinois 
at Urbana-Champaign is an Aff irmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Illinois 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Academic Professional, Associate Director of Rhetoric 525 

http://www.
english.uiuc.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
invites applications for a full-time, twelve-month, non-tenure-line 
position as Associate Director of Rhetoric. The associate director will collaborate 
with the Director of Rhetoric in leading two first-year writing 
programs, the Freshman Rhetoric Program and the Academic Writing 
Program. That collaboration will include involvement in the development 
of curricula, materials, and policies as well as in instructor development 
programs and day-to-day administration. Among other responsibilities, 
the associate director will work daily with graduate assistant directors and 
advisors as well as a large staff of teaching assistants and a modest number 
of full-time adjunct instructors, will support advanced composition 
courses in rhetoric, and will help host the annual English Articulation 
Conference for two-and four-year college writing and literature instructors 
in Illinois. The associate director will teach one course per semester 
(typically including a seminar for new instructors) and will join an active 
cross-disciplinary community in rhetoric and writing studies. Qualifications 
include a Ph.D. in English, Writing Studies, Rhetoric, Communication, 
or related field in hand by start date ( July 16, 2007); a strong record 
of teaching in relevant programs; a record of professional/scholarly 
accomplishments; 
and significant administrative experience. Administrative 
experience in a first-year college writing program is preferred; experience 
gained as a graduate-student administrator is acceptable. Salary commensurate 
with experience. To ensure full consideration, submit a letter of 
application and curriculum vitae by November 15, 2006. Send to: Paul 
Prior, Director of Rhetoric, attention: Terry Davis, University of Illinois 
at Urbana-Champaign, 608 South Wright Street, Urbana, IL 61801, (217) 
333-2390. The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Illinois at Chicago 

English, 2027 University Hall Chicago IL 60607-7120 

Assistant Professor of African-American Literature and Cultural Studies 1074 

http://www.
uic.edu/depts/
engl/ 

The Departments of African American Studies and English at the UNIVERSITY 
OF ILLINOIS AT CHICAGO seek to fill a full-time, tenure-
track assistant professor position in African-American literary and 
cultural studies beginning August 2007. Interested applicants should submit 
a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample of no more than 30 double-spaced pages to: 
Madhu Dubey, Chair, Search Committee; Department of African American 
Studies (MC 069); University of Illinois at Chicago; 1227 University 
Hall; 601 S. Morgan Street; Chicago, IL 60607-7112. For fullest consid



eration, applications should be postmarked by November 15, 2006. As an 
AA/EOE, 
the University of Illinois at Chicago encourages applications 
from women and minorities. [R] 

Indiana 

Ball SU 

English, 2000 W University Av Muncie IN 47306 

Associate or Assistant Professor, Writing Program Director 849 

http://www.
bsu.edu/shapps/
english/ 

Rhetoric and Composition. Tenure-track Associate or Assistant Professor, 
available August 17, 2007. Responsibilities: administration of University 
Writing Program; teach and develop undergraduate and graduate courses 
in Rhetoric and Composition. Direct Graduate Students. 

Minimum qualifications: earned doctorate in Rhetoric and Composition, 
or related field of English; three years experience in Writing Program 
Administration; record of sustained scholarship, publications and presentations 
in primary area(s) of scholarship; six semesters successful college 
teaching. 

Preferred qualifications: Research and graduate teaching experience in 
Rhetoric and Composition; record of effective teaching; knowledge and 
experience with writing across the curriculum or writing in the disciplines; 
experience with overseeing the application of computer technology 
to writing instruction; familiarity with a National Writing Project site. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, transcript, samples of research, 
and three letters of recommendation to: 

Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Department of English, 
Ball State University, Muncie, IN, 47306-9460 (Fax: 765-285-3765). Review 
of applications will begin October 15, 2006, and will continue until 
position is filled. 

Ball State is an equal opportunity, aff irmative action employer 
and is 
strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. [R] 

Ball SU 

English, 2000 W University Av Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant Professor with Specialization in Renaissance Literature 840 

http://www.
bsu.edu/shapps/
english/ 

Tenure-Track position available August 17, 2007. Responsibilities include: 
teach and develop undergraduate and graduate courses in Renaissance literature 
and Shakespeare; teach a wide range of courses in English. Competitive 
salary and benefits package. 

Minimum qualifications: earned doctorate in English with specialization 
in Renaissance literature by August 17, 2007; record of effective teaching 
at the college or university level; record of publications and/or 
presentations 
in area of specialization. 

Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated expertise in literary theory. 

Send letter of application featuring evidence of scholarship and effective 
teaching, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract or prospectus, graduate 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to: Renaissance Literature 
Search Committee, Department of English, Ball State University, 
Muncie, IN, 47306-9460. (Fax: 765-285-3765). Review of applications 
with begin October 15, 2006, and continue until position is filled. 

Ball State is an equal opportunity, aff irmative action employer 
and is 
strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. [R] 

Earlham C 

English, 801 National Rd W Richmond IN 47374 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance or Early Modern Lit 224 

Renaissance/Early 
Modern Tenure Search, to start 2007–8 

Earlham College expects to make a tenure-track appointment in Renaissance/
Early 
Modern English Literature to begin Fall 2007. Candidates 
with a strong secondary area are particularly attractive, especially those 
prepared to teach Creative Writing, Medieval, and/or 
Restoration and 
Enlightenment Literature. Teaching load is 3/3, 
typically four courses per 
year in literature (sophomore to senior level) and two first-year interdisciplinary 
seminars that emphasize intensive reading and writing. There are 
opportunities to lead foreign study programs and to contribute to such interdisciplinary 
programs as Jewish Studies, African and African American 
Studies, Women’s Studies, and Peace and Global Studies, among others. 
Earlham is a selective national Liberal Arts college founded by Quakers 
that emphasizes teaching and service as much as scholarship. Earlham 
seeks people sympathetic to Quaker values including social justice, simplicity 
and consensus-seeking. Send CV; three letters of recommendation, 
at least one of which should address teaching effectiveness; and letter 
of application describing teaching philosophy and research interests to: 
Barbara Caruso, English Department, Drawer 62, Earlham College, 801 
National Road West, Richmond, IN 47374-4095. Earlham is an AA/EE 
employer 
and welcomes applications from members of minority groups. 
Consideration of candidates will begin on November 1. Interviews at the 
MLA. [R] 

Indiana U South Bend 

English, PO Box 7111, 1700 Mishawaka Av South Bend IN 46634 

Assistant Professor of American literature 315 

http://www.
iusb.edu 

Assistant professor with Ph.D. in nineteenth-century 
American literature. 
Expertise in African American literature desirable. Applicant should 
have ability to teach first-year students and to develop a range of undergraduate 
and graduate courses. Normal teaching load is three courses per 
semester. All members of the English department regularly teach expository 
writing courses; enthusiasm about first-year writing will be an asset. 
Tenure-track, begins August 2007. Placement folder (transcripts, 3 reference 
letters, curriculum vitae) and letter of application addressing teaching 
experience and interests by November 1 to Margaret Scanlan, Chair, 
English Department, Indiana University South Bend, South Bend, IN 
46634-7111. Postmark deadline is November 1, 2006. All applications 
will be acknowledged; we plan to interview at MLA. IU-South Bend is 
an AA/EOE 
employer. 
[R] 

Indiana U Kokomo 

Humanities, 2300 S Washington St Kokomo IN 46904 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 308 

http://www.
iuk.edu 

One of eight campuses of Indiana University, Indiana University Kokomo 
is a comprehensive non-residential campus located 50 miles north of Indianapolis 
in Kokomo, Indiana, a city with a population of about 47,000. 
Committed to student success, the campus serves approximately 2,800 
students from an 11-county area in north central Indiana. An additional 
350 students pursue degrees in technology in cooperation with Purdue 
University. IUK has approximately 210 faculty and staff and 100 parttime 
employees. Baccalaureate, masters, and limited associate degrees are 
offered. Additional information about Indiana University Kokomo can be 
accessed at http://www.
iuk.edu. 

Primary Responsibilities: This is a tenure-track position teaching 19th/ 
20th/
21st century British literature. Faculty members at IUK normally 
teach three courses per semester and are expected to teach writing and 
introductory literature in addition to courses in their specialty areas. 

Minimum Qualifications: Candidates must have a Ph.D. or appropriate 
doctorate in English in hand at the time of application. Experience in literary 
theory, cultural studies, film studies, and/or 
rhetoric/composition 
is highly desirable. All candidates must have a record of effective college 
teaching, a demonstrated familiarity with new instructional technologies, 
and a strong interest in curriculum development, student mentoring and 



diversity. Evidence of effective teaching, publications, and a record of service 
will be required for tenure and promotion. 

Starting Date: August 2007 

Application Procedure: Applications should be received by December 1, 
2006, but review will continue until the position is filled. To apply, send 
a letter of interest, a current curriculum vitae, a list of graduate course 
work, a statement of teaching philosophy, and at least three letters of 
reference. 


All applications should be addressed to: 

Dr. Ann Cameron, Chairperson, English Search & Screen committee, 
c/o Marsha Shaw, English Search & Screen Secretary Department of Humanities, 
Indiana University Kokomo, 2300 South Washington Street, 
Kokomo, Indiana 46904-9003 

Indiana University Kokomo is an Equal Opportunity and Aff irmative 
Action institution. Persons with disabilities that need modifications or 
adjustments to participate in this application process should contact the 
office of Affirmative Action at (765) 466-9529. Verification of a disability 
under the Americans with Disabilities Act may be required. 

Indiana U 

Communication and Culture, Mottier Hall 1790 E 10th St 
Bloomington IN 47401 

Assistant Professor of Communication and Culture 312 

http://www.
indiana.edu/~cmcl 

Assistant Professor, Global Media Studies, Indiana University 

The Department of Communication and Culture and the International 
Studies Program at Indiana University invite applications for a tenuretrack 
assistant professor position to begin Fall 2007. We seek an individual 
who focuses on Global Media Studies (film, television, and/or 
new media) 
through a humanities perspective and who situates his/her 
research on 
particular areas of the world with respect to transnational or cross-cultural 
media theory. Although the geographical area is open, possible regions of 
interest include South-and Southeast Asia, East Asia, or the Middle East. 

The candidate’s tenure line and majority of teaching will be in the Department 
of Communication and Culture, an innovative, interdisciplinary 
department that approaches Media Studies, Rhetoric and Public Culture, 
and Performance and Ethnographic Studies from a critical cultural studies 
perspective. He/she 
will teach one course a year in International Communication 
in the International Studies Program, and will have some service 
and advising responsibilities in that program. 

Applicants are expected to have a strong research agenda and a commitment 
to excellence in teaching. Preference will be given to candidates 
who have their Ph.D. in hand by the date of appointment. Applicants 
should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample, and 
three letters of recommendation. All materials should be received by 
Nov. 1 to assure consideration. Address applications to: Professor Joan 
Hawkins, Chair, Global Media Search, Department of Communication 
and Culture, Mottier Hall, 1790 E. 10th St., Indiana University, Bloomington, 
IN 47405-9700. For more information on the department or the 
program, please see: http://www.
indiana.edu/~cmcl/or 
http://www.
indiana.
edu/~intlweb/ 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity and aff irmative action 
employer 
with a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all 
areas. The university actively encourages applications and nominations of 
women, minorities, applicants with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Assistant Professor of Seventeenth-Century 
English Literature 678 

http://www.
indiana.edu/~engweb/ 

Tenure-track position for an Assistant Professor in seventeenth-century, 
non-dramatic English literature and the broader culture, to begin Fall 
2007. Please send a letter of application and a curriculum vitae by October 
27 to Judith H. Anderson, Chair: Seventeenth-Century 
Search, 
Department of English, Indiana University, Ballantine Hall 442, 1020 E. 
Kirkwood Ave., Bloomington, IN 47405-7103. 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington 
IN 47405 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Studies 695 

http://www.
indiana.edu/~engweb 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor (entry-level or advanced) in Victorian 
Studies, areas of specialization open, beginning Fall 2007. Please send CV, 
cover letter, and a brief description of your dissertation or book project 
by October 27 to Ivan Kreilkamp and Andrew Miller, Victorian Search, 
Department of English, Ballantine Hall 442, Indiana University, Bloomington, 
IN 47405. 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington 
IN 47405 

Assistant Professor of American Literature and American Studies 682 

http://www.
indiana.edu/~engweb/ 

The American Studies Program and the Department of English invite applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor position to begin in the fall 
of 2007. We seek a candidate who specializes in ethnic studies and/or 
the 
transnational literatures and cultures of the United States, post-1945, with 
research and teaching specializations that reach out to Asia, the Middle 
East, Africa, and/or 
Europe. This faculty position will have its tenure line 
in English, while undergraduate and graduate teaching responsibilities 
will be split with the longstanding and now rapidly growing American 
Studies Program. 

Applicants are expected to have a strong interdisciplinary research agenda 
and a commitment to excellence in teaching. Preference will be given to 
candidates who will have their Ph.D. in hand by the date of appointment. 
Applicants should send a letter of application, dissertation abstract, and 
curriculum vitae by October 27. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 

Address applications to: Purnima Bose and Deborah Cohn, Co-Chairs, 
American Studies/English 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
Ballantine Hall, 1020 East Kirkwood, Indiana University, Bloomington, 
IN 47405-7103. For further information about either the department or 
the program, please consult http://www.
indiana.edu/~engweb/or 
http:// 
www.
indiana.edu/~amst/ 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 



are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of scholars, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington 
IN 47405 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Poetry) 692 

http://www.
indiana.edu/~engweb 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Creative Writing to teach graduate 
and undergraduate poetry workshops, as well as literature courses in contemporary 
poetry. Appointment to begin Fall 2007. Expertise in African- 
American, Latino, and/or 
anglophone African-Caribbean literature also 
desirable. Substantial publications (preferably a book), an MFA, and previous 
college-level teaching preferred. 2/2 
annual teaching load plus thesis 
advising. Letters of application and current c.v. should be sent by November 
1 to Catherine Bowman, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, Ballantine Hall 442, Indiana University 1020 East Kirkwood 
Avenue, Bloomington, IN 47405-7103. All other inquiries should 
be addressed to George Hutchinson, Chair, Dept. of English. 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington 
IN 47405 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 685 

http://www.
indiana.edu/~engweb 

Tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor of Composition and Rhetoric, 
appointment to begin Fall 2007. Area of specialization open; experience 
and interest in writing program administration preferred. Please 
send a letter of application and a curriculum vitae by October 27 to John 
Schilb, Chair: Compositin and Rhetoric Search, Department of English, 
Indiana University, Ballantine Hall 442, 1020 E. Kirkwood Ave., Bloomington, 
IN 47405-7103. 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Associate Professor of British and Postcolonial Fiction/Associate 
Editor of 
Modern Fiction Studies 165 

http://www.
cla.purdue.edu/english/ 


Associate Professor of British and postcolonial fiction after 1945 who will 
also serve as the Associate Editor of Modern Fiction Studies. We seek a 
candidate broadly knowledgeable about contemporary British and postcolonial 
f iction who is interested in working with an internationally 
recognized journal. Previous editorial experience preferred. The Associate 
Editor will help screen submissions, copyedit accepted essays, and 
assign book reviews. Teaching responsibilities (three courses per year 
while serving as Associate Editor) typically include one graduate course 
per year. Ph.D. in relevant field required. Starting date: August 13, 2007. 
Initial review of applications will begin Nov. 1, 2006, and will continue 
until position is filled. Interviews at MLA. Send letter of application, CV, 
writing sample, and three letters of recommendation addressing scholarship 
and teaching strengths to Professor Nancy Peterson, Assistant Head, 
Department of English, 500 Oval Drive, Purdue University, West Lafayette, 
IN 47907-2038. PURDUE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL 
ACCESS/EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTIONEMPLOYER. 
[R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature 164 

http://www.
cla.purdue.edu/english/ 


Assistant professor of eighteenth-century 
British literature (tenure-track). 
We especially invite applicants with expertise in more than one genre 
and in the cultural history of the period. We have particular interest in 
the following subspecialties: studies of empire and/or 
transatlanticism. 
The successful candidate will teach undergraduate and graduate literature 
courses and will serve on thesis and dissertation committees. Ph.D. 
in relevant field required. Starting date: August 13, 2007. Initial review 
of applications will begin Nov. 1, 2006, and will continue until position 
is filled. Interviews at MLA. Send letter of application, CV, writing 
sample (approx. 25 pages), and three letters of recommendation addressing 
scholarship and teaching strengths to Professor Nancy Peterson, Assistant 
Head, Department of English, 500 Oval Drive, Purdue University, West 
Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. PURDUE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL 
ACCESS/EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTIONEMPLOYER. 
[R] 

Rose-Hulman Inst of Tech 

Humanities/Social 
Sciences, 5500 Wabash Av Terre Haute IN 47803 

Assistant Professor of English in Technical Communication/Professional 
Writing/Rhetoric 
& Composit 1070 

http://www.
rose-hulman.edu 

Tenure-track position beginning August 2007. (Ph.D. in hand by start 
date.) Strong focus in Technical Communication, Professional Writing, 
and/or 
Rhetoric/Composition. 
The successful candidate will teach required 
technical communication courses and develop electives in areas 
other than literature. S/he 
will join a multidisciplinary Humanities and 
Social Sciences Department, which would especially welcome candidates 
with strengths in disciplines other than English. Strong commitment to 
and experience in undergraduate teaching is essential; scholarly activity is 
expected and supported. 

Competitive salary (low 50s) and excellent benef its. For eight straight 
years, Rose-Hulman has been ranked by U.S. News and World Report 
as #1 among U.S. engineering colleges that do not offer the Ph.D. Review 
begins October 15th and continues until the position is filled. Send 
letter of application, vita, recent teaching evaluations, statement of teaching 
philosophy, and three letters of recommendation (at least one addressing 
teaching) to: Dr. Caroline Carvill, Technical Communication/ 
Professional 
Writing Search, CM 81, Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, 
Terre Haute IN 47803. 

Further Information available at www.rose-hulman.edu/HSS. 
Rose- 
Hulman 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
[R] 

Saint Mary’s C 

English, Box 42 Madeleva Hall Notre Dame IN 46556 

Assistant Professor of English 945 

http://www.
saintmarys.edu 

Pending budgetary approval, the Department of English at Saint Marys 
College, a Catholic womens college in Notre Dame, Indiana, invites 
applications from individuals with an M.F.A. or Ph.D. who have a specialization 
in teaching fiction writing and can teach modern and contemporary 
literature courses. We are particularly interested in candidates able 
to teach American ethnic literatures, such as African-American literature, 
Latino/a-
American literature, and Asian-American literature. For this 



tenure-track position at the assistant professor level, beginning August, 
2007, the Department seeks a person with a strong commitment to teaching 
in an undergraduate, liberal arts context. The normal teaching load is 
three courses per semester, including a writing-intensive literature course 
for first-year students. Salary and benefits are competitive with institutions 
of our size. Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three 
current, confidential letters of recommendation to Dr. Theodore Billy, 
Chair, Department of English, Saint Marys College, Notre Dame, IN 
46556. Postmark deadline is November 27. Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Saint Marys College is an equal opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Notre Dame 

English, 356 O’Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Renaissance/Early 
Modern. Rank open. 513 

http://english.
nd.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Notre Dame is seeking 
to make an appointment in Renaissance/Early 
Modern literature. 
Rank is open, up to and including full and endowed. We seek a candidate 
with a substantial publication record who complements our current 
strengths. Candidates with strengths in performance studies, politics 
and literature, religion and literature, and/or 
gender studies will be especially 
competitive. 

The Department of English, with forty-five full-time teaching and research 
faculty, offers programs in all areas of literature in English. Faculty 
teach two courses a semester, graduate and undergraduate, with most 
courses in their areas of specialization. The University of Notre Dame, located 
90 miles from Chicago, is an international Catholic research university. 
The University is an equal opportunity educator and employer 
that 
actively works to promote an intercultural learning community and seeks 
outstanding applicants from women and persons of diverse backgrounds. 
Information about Notre Dame is available at http://www.
nd.edu. 

Salary highly competitive. Send a letter of application and c.v. by October 
20, 2006 to Katherine O’Brien O’Keeffe, Chair, Department of English, 
356 O’Shaughnessy, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 
46556. [R] 

Iowa 

Buena Vista U 

Associate Dean of Faculty, 610 W 4th St Storm Lake IA 50588 

Assistant Professor of English 505 

http://www.
bvu.edu 

Faculty Position in Literature/Composition 


Applications are sought for a tenure-track position in English at Buena 
Vista University, beginning August 2007. Doctorate preferred; ABD 
considered. We seek candidates with experience in world literature with 
preferred secondary specialization in literary theory, linguistics, and/or 
post-colonial literature and theory. All members of the department teach 
composition courses. Find more information about this position at http:// 
bvu.
edu/departments/
businessservices/hr/
jobopenings.asp. 

Buena Vista Universitythe countrys first wireless laptop universityis located 
on the shores of the ethnically diverse community of beautiful 
Storm Lake, Iowa, with an enrollment of 1,270 residential students. See 
http://www.
bvu.edu/. Send letter of application, graduate school transcripts, 
teaching evaluation summaries, and current curriculum vitae with 
names of 4 references (including their titles, addresses, telephone numbers, 
and email addresses) to: Dr. Mary Gill, Associate Dean, Buena Vista 
University, 610 West Fourth Street, Storm Lake, IA 50588. The application 
letter should detail the match of the applicants experience, knowledge, 
and talents with position priorities and qualifications. Review of 
applications will begin October 31, 2006, and continue until the position 
is filled. Women and minorities are strongly urged to apply. ADA/EOE. 


About the University 

Buena Vista University is an independent, regionally acclaimed, comprehensive 
teaching institution dedicated to education for service. The 
University prepares students for leadership and service in an informationdriven, 
global society. The traditional disciplines provide a framework 
for a curriculum that prepares students for the professions and life-long 
learning. In addition, Buena Vista University offers an exceptional faculty 
development program, an Academic and Cultural Events series, opportunities 
for international experiences, and the George Wythe award for 
teaching, which includes a cash award of $30,000 and a sabbatical. 

BVU is a technologically-advanced campus focusing on learner-centered 
work where teaching is foremost among the responsibilities of its faculty. 
In the fall of 2000 BVU equipped all full-time students and faculty 
with laptop computers linked to the main server by completely wireless 
technology. [R] 

Coe C 

English, 1220 First Av NE Cedar Rapids IA 52403 

Assistant Professor of English 378 

http://www.
coe.edu 

The Department of English is seeking to fill a tenure-track position with 
primary focus in eighteenth or nineteenth century British literature, beginning 
August 2007. Preference will be given to candidates who can 
teach in one or more of the following areas: Asian literature, British 
modernism, 
gender, Irish literature, Middle-Eastern literature, post-colonial 
literature. Ph.D. in English required. Candidates must be committed 
to teaching at a small liberal arts college. The teaching load is six courses 
per year. 

Send letter of application, vita, three letters of reference, and statement of 
teaching philosophy to Dr. Marc Roy, Vice President for Academic Affairs; 
English Search, Coe College; 1220 First Ave. NE; Cedar Rapids, IA 
52402 by October 27. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention 
in Philadelphia. Coe College is an AA/EO 
employer 
and especially 
encourages applications from women and minority candidates. [R] 

Cornell C 

English, 600 First St SW, South Hall Mt Vernon IA 52314 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 1027 

http://www.
cornellcollege.edu 

The Cornell College Department of English seeks a PhD (or ABD) in 
American Literature, specializing in pre-twentieth century American literature, 
with competency in Ethnic-American Literature (Native, Asian, 
or Latina/o) 
and in teaching Fiction Writing. Teaching experience and 
scholarly publications highly desirable; fiction publications an asset. Responsibilities 
include teaching six courses per year: three upper-level literature 
courses, two first-year academic writing seminars on a topic of 
the faculty members choosing, and one creative writing course. Upperlevel 
courses in rotation will include courses in pre-twentieth century 
American literature, a course developed in area of specialization, and either 
Multicultural Literature or Contemporary Fiction depending on the 
candidates interests. This is a position for a fully engaged professor with a 
strong understanding of and commitment to the liberal arts in the small 
residential college setting. Cornell College has attracted national attention 
for its distinctive academic calendar under which faculty teach and 
students take one course at a time in month-long terms. Please submit 
paper copies of letter, vitae, a short sample of scholarly writing and up 
to ten pages of fiction writing to Chair, Department of English, Cornell 
College, 600 First Street SW, Mount Vernon, IA 52314-1098. Consideration 
of applications begins November 7, 2006. First consideration will 
be given to applicants with materials submitted on or before the consideration 
date. Preliminary interviews at MLA. Starts Fall 2007. Cornell 
College is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 



Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 662 

http://www.
engl.iastate.edu/ 

Will teach undergraduate and graduate courses in fiction and nonfiction 
writing in our new interdisciplinary MFA in creative writing and environment. 
We seek a writer with knowledge of place-based writing, travel 
writing, nature writing or environmental literature who will bring fresh 
ideas and new approaches to the teaching of creative writing at Iowa State 
University. Tenure track; beginning August 2007. MFA or PhD required. 
Teaching experience and substantial publication (i.e., one book in one 
of the above genres) required. 2/2 
teaching load to begin. Appointment 
pending budgetary approval. Applicants should send a cover letter and vita 
to Charles Kostelnick, Chair, c/o 
Dept. of English, Iowa State University, 
203 Ross Hall, Ames, IA 50011-1201. Applications must be postmarked 
by Nov. 1. Iowa State is an AA/EO 
employer. 
Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. 

Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant professor, 19C British Literature; Literature and Science 668 

http://www.
engl.iastate.edu/ 

Teach survey of British literature since 1800, Romantic and/or 
Victorian 
literature, graduate and undergraduate seminars, Literature and Science. 
Tenure track; beginning August 2007. PhD in English or related field required; 
teaching experience and publication preferred; interest in literature 
and the environment a plus. 2/2 
teaching load to begin. Appointment 
pending budgetary approval. Send only an application letter, list of graduate 
courses completed, and CV before November 1 to Charles Kostelnick, 
Chair, English Department, 203 Ross Hall, Iowa State University, Ames, 
Iowa 50011-1201. AA/EO 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly 
encouraged to apply. 

Kansas 

Kansas SU 

English, 108 English & Cs Bldg Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor of English 575 

http://www.
ksu.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track position for specialist in Children’s Literature. Ph.D. focus 
on children’s literature required; degree close to completion considered; 
degree-in-hand preferred by August 2007. All children’s literature fields 
will be considered, but candidates with subspecialties in ethnic or multicultural 
children’s literature especially encouraged to apply. Excellence 
in teaching and scholarly publication expected. KSU features a graduate 
concentration in children’s literature; faculty teach five courses per year. 
A collegial department with formal and informal mentoring offers a supportive 
environment for professional development. Send letter of application 
and c.v. (dossiers/writing 
samples requested later) to Linda Brigham, 
Head, English Dept., ECS Building, Kansas State University, Manhattan, 
KS 66506. Review of applications begins November 6 and continues 
until the position is filled. Kansas State is an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its employees. [R] 

Kansas SU 

English, 108 English & Cs Bldg Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor of English 576 

http://www.
ksu.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track position for specialist in Professional/Technical 
writing. 
Ph.D. in professional/technical 
communication or related concentration. 
Academic training and experience in professional or technical writing 
and/or 
scholarship, demonstrated excellence in teaching, evidence of research 
and publication or its potential required. Commitment to diversity 
required. Demonstrated commitment to program development, professional 
experience outside academe, and experience with diverse clients 
or students desirable. Five course per year teaching load, opportunities 
to develop innovative interdisciplinary pedagogies. Send letter of application 
and c.v. (dossiers/writing 
samples requested later) to Linda Brigham, 
Head, English Dept., ECS Building, Kansas State University, Manhattan, 
KS 66506. Review of applications begins November 6 and continues 
until the position is filled. Kansas State is an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its employees. [R] 

U of Kansas 

English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd, 3116 Wescoe Hall Lawrence KS 66045 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 1800–1870 760 

http://www.
english.ku.edu 

Tenure-track; begin 18 August 2007. Duties: Teach introductory through 
graduate-level courses in 19th-century 
American literature (multiple 
genres) and introductory literature and writing courses; research/writing 
leading to publication; serve on departmental, college, and university 
committees, and actively contribute to the workings of the university 
community. 2–2 teaching assignment. Required qualifications: Specialization 
in American literature 1800–1870; evidence of successful teaching 
provided by letters of recommendation; PhD in English or a related field 
completed by starting date. Preferred qualifications: Relevant publications 
with promise of sustained scholarly productivity. Interest in interdisciplinary 
studies. Subspecialty in one or more areas, including but not limited 
to: The U.S. from a global perspective; environmental and ecocritical approaches; 
historical constructions of race, gender, sexuality, or class. Application 
must include letter of application, CV, and at least three but no 
more than five recent letters of recommendation that evaluate scholarship 
and teaching. Applications must be postmarked by 25 October 2006 to 
receive first consideration. Interviews at MLA. Contact: Dorice Elliott, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Kansas, Wescoe Hall, 
1445 Jayhawk Blvd., Room 3116, Lawrence, KS 66045-7590. E-mail 
contact: relliott@ku.edu. EO/AA 
Employer. 
[R] 

Kentucky 

Murray SU 

English & Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor of 19th Century British Literature 95 

Assistant Professor, 19TH CENTURY BRITISH LITERATURE, Department 
of English and Philosophy, Murray State University. Position to 
begin August 2007. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph. D. in English by August 1, 2007, with an emphasis 
in mid-to-late Victorian literature, especially poetry and/or 
nonfiction 
prose, is required. Evidence of teaching excellence and scholarly 
potential, along with the ability to teach a sophomore-level Humanities 
course and freshman-level Composition courses, is also required. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Will teach courses in Victorian literature, appropriate 
surveys in British literature, sophomore-level Humanities courses, 
and first-year composition courses. 

Application Deadline: November 17, 2006 

To Apply: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, placement f ile 
with transcripts and three recent letters of recommendation addressing 
the above to: Victorian British Literature Search, Department of English 
and Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray KY 
42071-3341. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray State is an equal 
education and employment opportunity, M/F/
D/, AA employer. 
[R] 



Murray SU 

English & Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing (Fiction) 97 

Assistant Professor Creative Writing (Fiction), Department of English and 
Philosophy, Murray State University. Full-time, tenure-track position to 
begin August 2007. 

Qualif ications: M.F.A. or Ph.D. in Creative Writing (f iction) by August 
2007 is required. Evidence of teaching excellence and signif icant 
record of publication. Ability to teach contemporary literature desirable, 
especially from an international perspective. 

Responsibilities: Teaching will include introductory courses in f iction 
writing, courses covering one or more periods of literature with an 
emphasis in the short story and the novel, and a sophomore Humanities 
course. 

Application Deadline: December 1, 2006. 

To Apply: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, placement file with 
transcripts and three current letters of recommendation addressing the 
above qualifications/responsibilities 
to: Creative Writing (Fiction) Search, 
Department of English and Philosophy, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray State 
University, Murray, KY 42071-3341. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray State University 
is an equal education and employment opportunity, M/F/
D, AA 
employer. 
[R] 

Murray SU 

English & Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor in Professional and Technical Writing 96 

Assistant Professor-Professional and Technical Writing, Department of 
English and Philosophy, Murray State University. Full-time, tenure-track 
position to begin August 2007. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph. D. in English or Professional/Technical 
Writing 
by August 1, 2007, with an emphasis in professional and/or 
technical 
writing. Proficiency in web writing and design required. Evidence of 
teaching excellence and scholarly potential required. Experience with online 
help and single-sourcing preferred. Proficiency in electronic teaching 
technologies and the ability to teach Composition desirable. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Will teach courses in professional and technical 
writing, and first-year composition. 

Application Deadline: December 1, 2006. 

To Apply: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, placement file with 
transcripts and three recent letters of recommendation addressing the 
above qualifications/responsibilities, 
and evaluations of teaching to: Professional 
Writing Search, Department of English and Philosophy, Murray 
State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray KY 42071-3341. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray State is an equal 
education and employment opportunity, M/F/
D/, AA employer. 
[R] 

Murray SU 

English & Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor of 18th Century British Literature 94 

Assistant Professor, 18TH-CENTURY BRITISH LITERATURE, Department 
of English and Philosophy, Murray State University. Position to 
begin August 2007. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph. D. in English by August 1, 2007, with an emphasis 
in Restoration and 18th-Century 
British Literature. Evidence of 
teaching excellence and scholarly potential, along with the ability to teach 
a sophomore-level Humanities course and freshman-level Composition 
courses, is also required. Ability to teach Classical Literature desirable. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Will teach courses in 18th-Century 
British literature, 
covering all genres, as well as appropriate surveys in British literature, 
Classical Literature, sophomore-level Humanities courses, and 
first-year Composition courses. 

Application Deadline: November 17, 2006 

To Apply: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, placement file with 
transcripts and three recent letters of recommendation addressing the 
above to: 18th-Century 
British Literature Search, Department of English 
and Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray KY 
42071-3341. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray State is an equal 
education and employment opportunity, M/F/
D/, AA employer. 
[R] 

Northern Kentucky U 

Lit & Lang, University Dr Highland Heights KY 41099 

Assistant Professor of English in Scientific, Technical, and Business Writing 
952 

http://www.
nku.edu/~litlang/jobs 


Tenure Track. Ph.D. in Scientif ic, Technical, or Business Writing, or 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition 
or English with a Professional Writing 
emphasis, required by August 15, 2007. Preference will be given to candidates 
with writing experience in the private and/or 
government sectors 
and with teaching and research interests in one or more of the following: 
document design, multimedia writing, scientific writing and rhetoric, 
intercultural communication, and print and electronic publishing. We 
seek an outstanding teacher and promising scholar who will contribute 
to an existing undergraduate program in professional writing, to the development 
of graduate programs, and to interdisciplinary initiatives. Additional 
information available at http://www.
nku.edu/~litlang/jobs.
html. 
Send letter of application stating teaching and research interests and curriculum 
vitae to Dr. Roxanne Kent-Drury, Chair, Scientific, Technical, 
and Business Writing Search Committee, Department of Literature and 
Language, Northern Kentucky University, Highland Heights, KY 41099- 
1500. Review of applications will begin Nov. 4, 2006 and continue until 
the position is filled. Selected applicants may be interviewed at the MLA 
Convention in December. 

Northern Kentucky University is a learner-centered university in the 
Greater Cincinnati Area at which excellent teaching and scholarship, professional 
and institutional service, and public engagement are valued and 
rewarded. NKU is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Upon a contingent offer of employment all applicants will be required to 
undergo a pre-employment criminal background check as mandated by 
state law. [R] 

Transylvania U 

English Prog, 300 N Broadway Lexington KY 40508 

Assistant/Beginning 
Associate Professor 743 

http://homepages.
transy.edu/~english/index.
htm 

Tenuretrack position in British literature, beginning September 1, 2007, 
with responsibility for upperlevel courses in 20th century and Victorian 
literature. Ph.D. (or ABD), teaching experience and a commitment to 
the goals of liberal arts teaching are required. Evidence of teaching excellence 
and ability to develop topical courses for the GE curriculum an 
advantage, with preference given to candidates who can teach women’s 
literature. Normal load is 7 courses per year, including a contribution 
(usually 2 courses) to the firstyear introductory liberal arts program. Salary 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. Bingham Awards 
for Excellence in Teaching may provide substantial salary supplements for 
exceptional candidates or smaller “startup” grants for more recent Ph.D.s. 
Transylvania University is an independent, residential, liberal arts college 
of 1,100, committed to building a faculty that reflects the diversity 
of American society. Further information about the University may be 
found at www.transy.edu. Send only letter and CV at this time, together 
with a selfaddressed postcard, to Anthony Vital, Chair. EOE. Deadline, 
11/06/
06. [R] 



U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Cottrill-Rolfes Chair in Catholic Studies 121 

http://www.
as.uky.edu/Admin/
Faculty/CurrentFacultySearches.
aspx 

University of Kentucky invites applications for the newly created Cottrill-
Rolfes Chair in Catholic Studies. The College of Arts and Sciences 
seeks an outstanding academic with an expertise in the history, literature, 
anthropology, sociology, politics, theology, culture, institutional, or intellectual 
traditions of Roman Catholicism. The successful candidate will 
join a department that is appropriate to his/her 
academic field. Appointment 
will begin in August 2007. The successful candidate will be a distinguished 
scholar with a research and teaching record that is commensurate 
with an endowed chair. Salary and benefits are commensurate with those 
of an endowed chair. The endowment also provides a substantial research 
fund. Interested candidates should send (1) letter of interest, (2) a complete 
c.v., (3) outline of current research agenda, and (4) three letters of reference 
to Professor Ron Formisano/Chair 
of the Cottrill-Rolfes Search/ 
College 
of Arts and Sciences/1715 
Patterson Office Tower/Lexington, 
KY/40506-
0027/USA. 
Review of applications will begin November 1, 
2006 and will continue until the position is filled. The University of Kentucky 
is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to a diverse faculty, 
staff, and student body. Candidates from under-represented groups are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor-18th/19th 
Century 
British Poetry 453 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor 18th/19th 
Century British 
Poetry 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks an advanced 
assistant or associate professor specializing in 18th and/or 
19th century 
British poetry, preferably with expertise in Romanticism. Evidence of 
scholarly achievement and teaching experience appropriate for tenure in 
a Research 1 university required; experience mentoring graduate students 
desirable. Teaching load is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities 
normally include graduate and advanced undergraduate courses in 
British literature, plus introductory literature courses. Ph.D. required. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and letters of recommendation 
to 18th/19th 
Century British Poetry Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy 
Combs, English Department, 1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of 
Kentucky, Lexington, Kentucky 40506, Deadline is October 13. 

Appointment begins August 2007. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-19th Century American Women’s Literature 467 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in 19th century American womens literature. 
Evidence of scholarly achievement or promise and teaching ability 
required. Ph.D. expected at the time of appointment. Teaching load is 
two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities will normally include 
graduate, advanced undergraduate, and introductory courses. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to 19th c. American Womens Literature Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, 
English Department, 1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, 
Lexington, Kentucky 40506 

Deadline is November 3. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2007. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-Medieval Literature 463 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track assistant 
professor specializing in Medieval literature. Evidence of scholarly 
promise and teaching ability required. Ph.D. expected at time of appointment. 
Teaching load is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities 
will normally include graduate, advanced undergraduate, and introductory 
courses in this area, as well as graduate and possibly undergraduate 
courses in the history of the English language. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to Medieval Job Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 
1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, Kentucky 
40506 

Deadline is November 3. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 
Appointment begins August 2007. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-Renaissance Literature 459 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in Renaissance literature, either nondramatic, 
or dramatic, or a combination. Evidence of scholarly promise 
and teaching ability required. Ph.D. expected at time of appointment. 
Teaching load is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities will 
normally include graduate, advanced undergraduate, and introductory 
courses in this area. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to Renaissance Literature Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 
1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
Kentucky 40506 

Deadline is November 3. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 
Appointment begins August 2007. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-African Diaspora Literature 466 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in Anglophone literature of the African 
Diaspora, preferably with expertise in Caribbean or African literature. 
Evidence of scholarly promise and teaching ability required. Ph.D. expected 
at time of appointment. Teaching load is two courses per semester; 
teaching responsibilities will normally include graduate, advanced undergraduate, 
and introductory courses in this area. 

Please send letter of application and c.v. only to African Diaspora Literature 
Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 1207 Patterson 
Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, Kentucky 40506 



Deadline is November 3. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 
Appointment begins August 2007. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

Gender and Women’s Studies, 112 Breckinridge Hall Lexington 
KY 40506 

Assistant/Associate 
or Full Professor of Gender and Women’s Studies 935 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
WomenStudies/ 

Advertisement for Two Positions in Gender and Womens Studies 

Search 2006–2007 

Positions to Commence in Fall of 2007 

Two positions in Gender and Womens Studies: The Program in Gender 
and Womens Studies at the University of Kentucky seeks two faculty 
members. One appointment will be made at the Associate or Full Professor 
level, the other at the Assistant Professor level. PhD or other terminal 
degree required for appointment. Academic disciplines and areas of specialization 
open. We are interested in candidates who will be enthusiastic 
about participating in the work of transitioning the Program to department 
status. Evidence of scholarly achievement and teaching experience 
appropriate for rank in a Research I university is required; experience 
mentoring graduate students is desirable. Teaching load for each position 
is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities will include graduate 
and advanced undergraduate courses, as well as interdisciplinary introductory 
courses. The successful candidates tenure homes will be in existing 
academic departments until the transition to a Department of Gender and 
Womens Studies is complete, at which time the new Department of GWS 
will become the tenure home. Please see our website: https://www.uky 
.edu/AS/
WomenStudies/ 

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vita, writing sample, and 
three letters of recommendation to: Search Committee, c/o 
Betty Pasley, 
Program in Gender and Womens Studies, 112 Breckinridge Hall, University 
of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506-0056 

Completed applications should be in by November 1, 2006. Applications 
will be considered until both positions are filled. 

The Program in Gender and Womens Studies is strongly committed to 
diversity. Applications from women, ethnic and sexual/gender 
minorities, 
and persons with disabilities are especially encouraged. 

U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor 954 

http://coldfusion.
louisville.edu/webs/
a-s/english/ 


University of Louisville, Department of English. We are seeking a scholar 
working in one or more of the following fields: Latino/a 
Literatures and 
Cultures, Native American Literatures and Cultures, Literature of the 
Americas. Candidates should have a record of excellent teaching and a 
demonstrated ability to do research. Teaching load appropriate to a research 
institution; salary competitive. Course assignments range from 
graduate seminars to undergraduate writing (which all professorial faculty 
teach). Review of applications will begin November 6th. Materials postmarked 
after November 13th will not be considered. Send letter and vita 
to Dr. Ann E. Willey, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 40292. 

The Department of English is committed to building a culturally diverse 
faculty and strongly encourages women and minorities to apply. The University 
of Louisville is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Western Kentucky U 

English, 1906 College Heights Blvd, 11086 Bowling Green KY 42101 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 1007 

http://www.
wku.edu 

The English Department at Western Kentucky University seeks a specialist 
in medieval literature, especially Chaucer and Dante, for a tenure-track 
position at the Assistant Professor rank beginning August 2007. Requirements: 
Ph.D. in appropriate area, evidence of successful university-level 
teaching, record of scholarly and professional activities. Enthusiasm for 
teaching general education classes, for instructional technology, and for 
study abroad highly desirable. Responsibilities include teaching upper 
level and graduate courses in the specialty, literature surveys, and general 
education courses; continued scholarly productivity; and service to the 
department and university. Review of materials will begin November 6, 
2006, and will continue until the position is filled. Telephone interviews 
will begin in December. Candidates should submit a letter of application, 
CV, graduate transcript and three recent letters of recommendation to: 

Dr. Karen Schneider, Dept., Head, Department of English, Western Kentucky 
University, 1906 College Heights Blvd. #11086, Bowling Green, 
KY 42101-1086 

E-mail: karen.schneider@wku.edu 

Telephone: (270)-745-3046 Fax: (270)-745-2533 

All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply, including women, minorities, 
persons with disabilities, and disabled veterans. For this type of 
employment, state law requires a state and national criminal history background 
check as a condition of employment. Western Kentucky University 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Louisiana 

Grambling SU 

English, Campus P.O. Box 4232 Grambling LA 71245 

Assistant Professor 927 

The English department of Grambling State University looking for a Renaissance 
scholar who is willing serve as an Assistant Professor. The position 
is contingent on available funding, but a successful candidate should 
have a Ph.D. in English, a serious scholarly agenda, and a willingness to 
teach introductory, intermediate, and occasional upper level courses. The 
standard teaching load is four and four, but an especially well-published 
candidate might be able to negotiate a reduced teaching load. This is a 
tenure-track position. Send a letter of application, cv, transcripts, and 
three letters of recommendations to Hugh Wilson, Chair, Department of 
English, Grambling State University, 126 Woodson Hall, Campus P.O. 
Box 4232, Grambling, LA 71245. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. Grambling State University is an equal opportunity/ 
EEO 
employer 
and educator with facilities open to the disabled. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled. 

Grambling SU 

English, Campus P.O. Box 4232 Grambling LA 71245 

Assistant Professor 928 

The English department of Grambling State University looking for a medievalist 
who is willing serve as an Assistant Professor. The position is 
contingent on available funding, but a successful candidate should have a 
Ph.D. in English, a serious scholarly agenda, and a willingness to teach introductory, 
intermediate, and occasional upper level courses. The standard 
teaching load is four and four, but an especially well-published candidate 
might be able to negotiate a reduced teaching load. This is a tenuretrack 
position. Send a letter of application, cv, transcripts, and three letters 
of recommendations to Hugh Wilson, Chair, Department of English, 
Grambling State University, 126 Woodson Hall, Campus P.O. Box 4232, 
Grambling, LA 71245. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to 



apply. Grambling State University is an equal opportunity/EEO 
employer 
and educator with facilities open to the disabled. Applications will be accepted 
until the position is filled. 

Grambling SU 

English, Campus P.O. Box 4232 Grambling LA 71245 

Assistant Professor 929 

The English department of Grambling State University looking for a 
scholar of the British romantics who is willing serve as an Assistant Professor. 
The position is contingent on available funding, but a successful 
candidate should have a Ph.D. in English, a serious scholarly agenda, and 
a willingness to teach introductory, intermediate, and occasional upper 
level courses. The standard teaching load is four and four, but an especially 
well-published candidate might be able to negotiate a reduced teaching 
load. This is a tenure-track position. Send a letter of application, cv, transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendations to Hugh Wilson, Chair, 
Department of English, Grambling State University, 126 Woodson Hall, 
Campus P.O. Box 4232, Grambling, LA 71245. Women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. Grambling State University is an equal 
opportunity/EEO 
employer 
and educator with facilities open to the disabled. 
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 

Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Allen Hall 260 Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English 1064 

http://www.
lsu.edu 

(Rhetoric and Composition/Tenure-
track) 

In the fourth year of an initiative that will eventually add fourteen professorial 
positions to our faculty, the Department of English at Louisiana 
State University invites applications for a position in Rhetoric and Composition 
to teach in its undergraduate Writing and Culture Concentration 
and its graduate courses in Rhetoric and Composition Studies. Specialization 
open, but interest in one or more of the following is a plus: histories 
of rhetoric or composition theory and pedagogy, literacy studies, 
new media studies, or writing program administration. The position is 
tenure-track with preference at the rank of advanced Assistant or Associate 
Professor. 

Required Qualifications: Earned doctoral degree in Rhetoric and Composition, 
English, or related field; evidence of innovation and excellence 
in teaching and research. 

Competitive salary. Very attractive teaching load. 

An offer of employment is contingent on a satisfactory pre-employment 
background check. Screening begins October 31, 2006, and will continue 
until candidate is selected. Interviews will be conducted at the Modern 
Language Association Convention in Philadelphia, PA, December 27–30, 
2006. Applications will be acknowledged in writing. 

Please send letter of application, vita (including e-mail address), and dossier 
(or three letters of recommendation) to Search Committee, ATTN: 
Ms. Kieu Nguyen, Department of English, Louisiana State University, 
Ref: Log #0753, Baton Rouge, LA 70803-5001. 

L SU I S AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/ EQUAL 
ACCES S 
EMPLOYER 
[R] 

Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Allen Hall 260 Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English/WGS 
1065 

(Tenure-track) 

http://www.
lsu.edu 

In the fourth year of an initiative that will eventually add fourteen professorial 
positions to our faculty, the Department of English at Louisiana 
State University invites applications for a joint appointment between the 
Department of English and the Womens and Gender Studies (WGS) Program. 
The position is tenure-track at the rank of Assistant or Associate 
Professor, depending on credentials. 

Required Qualifications: Earned Ph.D. in English, WGS, or related field; 
evidence of innovation and excellence in teaching and research. 

Additional Qualifications Desired: ability to teach introductory gender 
courses in both English and WGS, as well as graduate seminars in feminist 
theories; expertise in gender theory, queer theory, disability studies, or 
rhetorical theory. 

Competitive salary. Very attractive teaching load. 

An offer of employment is contingent on a satisfactory pre-employment 
background check. Screening begins October 31, 2006, and will continue 
until candidate is selected. Interviews will be conducted at the Modern 
Language Association Convention in Philadelphia, PA, December 27–30, 
2006. Applications will be acknowledged in writing. 

Please send letter of application, vita (including e-mail address), and dossier 
(or three letters of recommendation) to Search Committee, ATTN: 
Ms. Kieu Nguyen, Department of English, Louisiana State University, 
Ref: Log #0754, Baton Rouge, LA 70803-5001. 

LSU IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/EQUAL 
ACCESS EMPLOYER 


Loyola U New Orleans 

English, 6363 Saint Charles Av, Box 50 New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor in English Lit. before 1900 14 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor, August 2007. 

Ph.D. required, publications desired. Ability to teach at least two periods 
of English Literature before 1900 (Romanticism and one other period, or 
a combination of two other periods excluding medieval). Applicants must 
also be able to teach service courses for the department, advise majors, 
and support departmental organizations for students. Send application 
postmarked no later than November 15, 2006, to: Dr. Mary A. McCay, 
Chair of English Department, Box 50, Loyola University New Orleans, 
New Orleans, LA 70118. Applications must include resume, transcript of 
highest degree, and three confidential letters of recommendation. Publications 
may be requested. Salary Range: $43–45,000.00. Loyola is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Loyola U New Orleans 

English, 6363 Saint Charles Av, Box 50 New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor/Poetry 
15 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor to teach poetry in our creative writing 
program, August 2007. Applicant must have expertise in teaching at least 
one other genre as well. Service courses, advising, and support for student 
publications also required. MFA required with publications, PhD preferred. 
Send application postmarked no later than November 15, 2006, 
to: Dr. Mary A. McCay, Chair of English Department, Box 50, Loyola 
University New Orleans, New Orleans, LA 70118. Applications must include 
resume, transcript of highest degree, and three confidential letters 
of recommendation. Publications may be requested. Salary Range: $43– 
45,000.00. Loyola is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Northwestern SU of Louisiana 

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches 
LA 71497 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 242 

http://www.
nsula.edu/langcomm 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall 2007. We seek 
a candidate with a specialization in Rhetoric and Composition. Ability 
to teach courses such as technical writing, document design, rhetoric, 
and computers in composition highly desirable. Record of high quality 



teaching at the university level, established research agenda, and Ph.D. required; 
ABD candidates with scheduled defense dates will be considered. 
Please submit letter of application, CV, three letters of reference, and official 
transcripts to Dr. Lisa Abney, Acting Department Head, Department 
of Language and Communication, Northwestern State University, NSU 
Box 5247, Natchitoches, LA 71497 by November 10, 2006. Northwestern 
State University of Louisiana is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Assistant Professor 1044 

http://www.
selu.edu/HRO 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning August 2007. Requires 
Ph.D. in English, in hand by August 1, 2007. Responsibilities 
include teaching graduate/undergraduate 
courses in Old English and 
history of the language (some graduate courses entail release time). Also 
upper-level British surveys, sophomore literature, and freshmen composition. 
Applicants must be committed to scholarship and to working with 
colleagues and students of diverse backgrounds. To ensure consideration, 
application materials must be received by November 15, 2006. Send letter 
of application indicating teaching experience, research interests, and philosophy 
of teaching; detailed vita, three recent letters of reference, and a 
copy of all transcripts (originals required upon employment) to Dr. David 
Hanson, Department of English, SLU 10861, Hammond, LA 70402. For 
information call 985-549-2100 or e-mail dhanson@selu.edu Southeastern 
is an AA/ADA/
EEO employer. 
[R] 

Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Assistant Professor 1046 

http://www.
selu.edu/hro 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning August 2007. Requires 
Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature, in hand by August 1, 
2007. Responsibilities include teaching graduate/undergraduate 
courses 
in film criticism, and literature and film (some graduate courses entail release 
time). Also upper-level undergraduate courses, sophomore literature, 
and freshmen composition. Applicants must be committed to scholarship 
and to working with colleagues and students of diverse backgrounds. To 
ensure consideration, application materials must be received by November 
15, 2006. Send letter of application indicating teaching experience, 
research interests, and philosophy of teaching; detailed vita, three recent 
letters of reference, and a copy of all transcripts (originals required upon 
employment) to Dr. David Hanson, Department of English, SLU 10861, 
Hammond, LA 70402. For information call 985-549-2100 or e-mail 
dhanson@selu.edu Southeastern is an AA/ADA/
EEO employer. [R] 

Tulane U 

English, 6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of English (Nineteenth Century American Literature) 805 

http://www.
tulane.edu/~english 

The Department of English at Tulane University seeks to fill a tenuretrack 
position in nineteenth century American literature. Applications are 
invited from candidates with expertise in the field. Please send a letter of 
application, vita, and a 25 page writing sample by November 1st addressed 
to Gaurav Desai, Chair, Department of English at engpos1@tulane.edu 
Initial applications will only be accepted electronically and should be sent 
as attachments in either Word or pdf formats. Letters of recommendations 
(in hard copy) will be requested at a later date. This position is subject to 
a final university determination on funding. Interviews at MLA. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. Tulane University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Tulane U 

English, 6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of English (Twentieth Century British and/or 
Irish 
Literature) 807 

http://www.
tulane.edu/~english 

The Department of English at Tulane University seeks to fill a tenuretrack 
position in twentieth century British and/or 
Irish literature. Applications 
are invited from candidates with expertise in the field. Please send 
a letter of application, vita, and a 25 page writing sample by November 1st 
addressed to Gaurav Desai, Chair, Department of English at engpos2@ 
tulane.edu Initial applications will only be accepted electronically and 
should be sent as attachments in either Word or pdf formats. Letters of 
recommendations (in hard copy) will be requested at a later date. This position 
is subject to a final university determination on funding. Interviews 
at MLA. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Tulane University 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


U of Louisiana at Lafayette 

English, PO Box 44691 Lafayette LA 70504 

Assistant Professor of English 472 

http://english.
louisiana.edu/ 

Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2007. Composition and Rhetoric, 
to direct the first-year composition program. Duties: teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses; serving on M.A. and Ph.D. committees, directing 
theses and dissertations, and serving on departmental committees. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, record of scholarly activity, and college 
teaching experience, administrative experience preferred. Salary competitive. 
Minority candidates are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application, 
current CV, and names and addresses of three references to Professor 
Marcia Gaudet, Department Head, Department of English, University of 
Louisiana at Lafayette, P.O. Box 44691, Lafayette, LA 70504-4691. Applications 
will be reviewed as they arrive. UL Lafayette is a selective-admissions, 
state-supported university of 17,000 students located in the heart of 
the Acadian-Creole region. The department offers the B.A., M.A., and 
Ph.D. in English, as well as graduate concentrations in Rhetoric, Creative 
Writing, Folklore, and Linguistics. AA/EEO 
compliant. http://www 
.louisiana.edu/Departments/
English. [R] 

U of Louisiana at Monroe 

English, 700 University Av Monroe LA 71209 

Assistant Professor of English 1014 

http://www.
ulm.edu 

Assistant Professor, tenure track, with PhD in English, awarded by August 
2007, in the area of Restoration and 18th century British literature. 
This is a tenure track position with a 4/4 
teaching load. The appointment 
carries traditional research and service expectations. Excellence in 
and enthusiasm for teaching are integral. Position to be filled contingent 
upon funding. 

Desired: The search committee would like to identify a faculty person 
who can teach courses from a broad survey perspective as well as upper 
level and graduate courses covering this period. The committee looks for 
experience and success working with a diverse student population. 

Departmental representatives will interview at MLA. 

To Apply: Please send curriculum vitae, a cover letter responding to the 
above criteria and specifying qualifications, a writing sample, and at least 
three references to Dr. Jeffery Galle, Head, Department of English, University 
of Louisiana at Monroe, Monroe, LA 71209. EOE/AA. 
[R] 



U of Louisiana at Lafayette 

English, PO Box 44691 Lafayette LA 70504 

Assistant Professor of English 476 

http://english.
louisiana.edu 

Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2007. Creative Writing-Fiction; 
secondary field desirable. Duties: teaching undergraduate and graduate 
courses, serving on M.A. and Ph.D. committees, directing theses and dissertations, 
departmental service (e.g., advising, departmental and university 
committees). Continued publishing in field. Other duties commonly 
associated with holding a university position. Qualifications: Ph.D. in 
English required, record of professional activities and publications, teaching 
experience. Salary competitive. Minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. Send application letter, current CV, and names and addresses of 
three references to Professor Marcia Gaudet, Department Head, Department 
of English, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, P.O. Box 44691, 
Lafayette, LA 70504-4691. Applications will be reviewed as they arrive. 
UL Lafayette is a selective-admissions, state-supported university of 
17,000 students located in the heart of the Acadian-Creole region. The 
department offers the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. in English, as well as graduate 
concentrations in Rhetoric, Creative Writing, Folklore, and Linguistics. 
AA/EEO 
compliant. [R] 

U of Louisiana at Monroe 

English, 700 University Av Monroe LA 71209 

Assistant Professor of English 1002 

http://www.
ulm.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, with a specialty in and/or 
clear evidence 
of success in technical writing, professional writing, or print publications. 
Appointment, beginning August 2007, to teach writing courses, ranging 
from introductory composition through junior level technical writing. 
Ph.D. in English to be completed by August 2007. 

Position to be filled contingent upon funding. 

This is a tenure track position with a 4/4 
teaching load. The appointment 
carries traditional research and service expectations. Excellence in and 
enthusiasm for teaching are integral. 

Desired: The search committee would like to identify a faculty person 
with expertise and successful experience with web page design, electronic 
texts, distance education, and newspaper/journal 
publication. Also, the 
committee looks for experience and success working with a diverse student 
population. 

Departmental representatives will interview at MLA. 

To Apply: Please send curriculum vitae, a cover letter responding to the 
above criteria and specifying qualifications, a writing sample, and at least 
three references to Dr. Jeffery Galle, Head, Department of English, University 
of Louisiana at Monroe, Monroe, LA 71209. EOE/AA. 
[R] 

Maine 

Colby C 

English, Waterville ME 04901 

Assistant Professor of English 706 

http://www.
colby.edu 

Colby College announces a continuing part-time Assistant Professor position 
(half-time with benefits, non-tenure-track) for a composition specialist 
in the English Department, beginning September 1, 2007. The 
teaching load is five courses every two years, including beginning and 
advanced expository writing, and an upper-level course in the candidates 
area(s) of specialization or interest. Regionalism with particular emphasis 
on Maine and New England is highly desirable. Preference will be given 
to Ph.D.s with demonstrable experience and success in teaching along 
with evidence of scholarly productivity. Interviews will be conducted at 
the MLA meeting in Philadelphia, PA, December 27–30, 2006. Please 
send letter of application, c.v., statements of teaching and scholarly interests, 
evidence of teaching accomplishment, and three letters of reference 
to Professor Phyllis Mannocchi, Chair, English Department, Colby College, 
Waterville, ME 04901. Colby is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed to excellence through diversity, and strongly 
encourages applications and nominations of persons of color, women, and 
members of other under-represented groups. For more information about 
the College, please visit the Colby web site: www.colby.edu 

Colby C 

English, Waterville ME 04901 

Faculty Fellow in Creative Writing, Poetry 610 

http://www.
colby.edu 

Faculty Fellow in Creative Writing, Poetry. One-year sabbatical replacement 
position for a practicing poet with publications and an MFA 
or equivalent, beginning September 1, 2007. Responsibilities include 
teaching four sections of poetry writing, likely including beginning and 
advanced levels. To apply please send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, course syllabi, sample poems, and three letters of recommendation 
to Jennifer Finney Boylan, Director, Creative Writing, Colby College; 
5264 Mayflower Hill; Waterville, ME 04901. Review of applications will 
begin on November 20, 2006 and continue until the position is filled. Interviews 
will take place at MLA in December. Colby is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action Employer, 
committed to excellence through 
diversity, and strongly encourages applications and nominations of persons 
of color, women, and members of other under-represented groups. 
For more information about the college, please visit the Colby Web site 
www.colby.edu [R] 

Maryland 

Johns Hopkins U 

English, 3400 N Charles Street 146 Gilman Hall Baltimore MD 21218 

Associate or Full Professor of English 708 

http://www.
jhu.edu/english 


The English Department of Johns Hopkins University announces a tenured 
position (associate or full professor) in Victorian literature. Candidates 
should have a record of significant scholarly publication. Letter of 
application, cv, and representative sample of scholarly work should be 
sent by November 1, 2006, to Amanda Anderson, Chair, Department of 
English, 146 Gilman, Johns Hopkins University, 3400 N. Charles Street, 
Baltimore, MD 21218. Johns Hopkins is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

Johns Hopkins U 

Writing Seminars, 34th & N Charles Sts, Gilman Hall Baltimore 
MD 21218 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor in Fiction 567 

http://www.
jhu.edu/~writsem 

Fiction Writer. Assistant/Associate 
Professor. The Writing Seminars of 
Johns Hopkins University is accepting applications for a tenure-track appointment 
in fiction (deadline, December 1, 2006). We are looking for a 
talented writer with two or more published books of fiction, and substantial 
university teaching experience. Duties will include teaching in the 
BA/MFA 
programs in writing. Minority candidates are urged to apply. 
For information about The Writing Seminars department consult www 
.jhu.edu/~writsem. A letter, curriculum vitae and books should be sent to 
Professor Jean McGarry, The Writing Seminars, Johns Hopkins University, 
3400 N. Charles Street, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA. Johns Hopkins 
University is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 



Mt St Mary’s U 

English, 16300 Old Emmitsburg Rd Emmitsburg MD 21727 

Assistant Professor of American literature 621 

http://www.
msmary.edu/ 

Mount St. Mary’s University will hire a tenure-track assistant professor of 
American literature to begin in 2007–08. The successful candidate will 
teach a year-long core course that combines American literature and history, 
will offer upper-level courses in American women’s literature and 
the late 19th and early 20th century, and will join a departmental rotation 
teaching freshman seminar. Please identify additional areas of expertise, 
especially in minority literatures. Strong teaching skills, scholarly 
promise, a willingness to serve the campus community, and a Ph.D. by 
8/07 
are required. The course load is 3/4. 
Applications acknowledged 
by e-mail, and interviews conducted at MLA Convention. The search 
chair is Peter Dorsey. Please send vita, cover letter, three letters of recommendation, 
and e-mail address by Nov. 1 to Department of Human 
Resources, Search #06–58, 16300 Old Emmitsburg Road, Emmitsburg, 
MD 21727-7799. Applicants must be supportive of the mission of a Catholic, 
residential, 
liberal arts-institution. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Mt St Mary’s U 

English, 16300 Old Emmitsburg Rd Emmitsburg MD 21727 

Assistant Professor of American literature and creative writing 622 

http://www.
msmary.edu/ 

Mount St. Mary’s University will hire a tenure-track assistant professor 
of creative writing and American literature to begin in 2007–08. The 
successful candidate will teach a year-long core course that combines the 
study of American literature and history, will offer upper-level courses in 
creative writing and contemporary American literature, and will join a 
departmental rotation teaching freshman seminar. Strong teaching skills, 
artistic and scholarly promise, a willingness to serve the campus community, 
and a terminal degree (Ph.D. preferred) by 8/07 
are required. Please 
identify additional areas of expertise, especially in minority literatures. 
The successful applicant will teach a 3/3 
load and will oversee the campus 
literary magazine. Applications acknowledged by e-mail, and interviews 
conducted at MLA Convention. The search chair is Carol Hinds. Please 
send vita, cover letter, three letters of recommendation, a short story or 
six poems, and e-mail address by Nov. 1 to Department of Human Resources, 
Search #06–59, 16300 Old Emmitsburg Road, Emmitsburg, MD 
21727-7799. Applicants must be supportive of the mission of a Catholic, 
residential, liberal-arts institution. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor/African 
American Literature Faculty Position 291 

http://www.
salisbury.edu 

Salisbury Universitys Department of English invites applications for an 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track position (beginning in August 2007) 
specializing in African American literature. The successful candidate will 
have the opportunity to develop new undergraduate and graduate courses 
in African American literature as well as other areas of expertise. Fourcourse 
teaching load each semester (routinely three preparations, including 
Freshman composition, general education offerings, and upper-division 
or graduate literature courses). Doctorate preferred, ABD required plus 
evidence of successful teaching skills and promise as a scholar. Please submit 
a letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation and evidence 
of teaching effectiveness to Dr. Lucy Morrison, Chair, Search Committee, 
Department of English, Salisbury University, 1101 Camden Avenue, 
Salisbury, MD 21801. For information please see www.salisbury.edu/ 
english/
or email lxmorrison@salisbury.edu. 

Review of applicants will begin November 1, 2006 and continue until 
position is filled. Salary competitive. MLA interviews. Appointment will 
be contingent upon verification of eligibility to work in the United States. 
Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity 
and is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action employer, 
providing 
equal employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, 
without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital 
status, disability, or sexual orientation. Candidates are expected to be 
able to use effective teaching and classroom management strategies which 
enhance the success of diverse learners. Salisbury University has a strong 
institutional commitment to diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
providing equal employment and educational 
opportunities to all those qualified, without regard to race, color, 
religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation. 


Candidates are strongly encouraged to visit our website at http://www 
.salisbury.edu/english/. 
[R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English in Composition and Rhetoric 292 

http://www.
salisbury.edu 

Composition and Rhetoric: The English Department of Salisbury University 
seeks a qualif ied candidate in composition and rhetoric for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning August 18, 2007. Primary 
responsibility will be to teach first-year through advanced rhetoric 
and writing courses, including graduate courses in our MA program. Interest 
in supervising freshman English program and mentoring graduate 
assistants desirable. Secondary areas of interest are welcome. Four-course 
teaching load each semester (routinely 3 preparations). Doctorate preferred, 
ABD required plus evidence of successful teaching skills, promise 
as a scholar and interest in service to the department and the university. 
Salary competitive. Successful candidate must furnish proof of eligibility 
to work in the United States. Review of applicants will begin November 
1, 2006, and continue until position is filled. MLA interviews. Send 
letter, vita, three letters of recommendation and evidence of teaching 
effectiveness to Dr. Tom Moriarty, Chair, Search Committee, Department 
of English, Salisbury University, 1101 Camden Avenue, Salisbury, 
MD 21801. Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment 
to diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
providing equal employment and educational opportunities to all those 
qualified, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, 
marital status, disability, or sexual orientation. Candidates are expected 
to be able to use effective teaching and classroom management strategies 
which enhance the success of diverse learners. 

Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity 
and is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action employer, 
providing 
equal employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, 
without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital 
status, disability, or sexual orientation. 

Candidates are strongly encouraged to visit our website at http://www 
.salisbury.edu/english/. 
[R] 

Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of English 253 

http://wwwnew.
towson.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track appointment starting August 2007. African-American Literature 
specialist; preferable secondary expertise in Post-Colonial Literature 
and Theory. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment 
to teaching and evidence of a promising research agenda. Three-course 
load each semester for initial three-year appointment; load afterwards dependent 
upon scholarly productivity. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must 
be conferred by time of appointment. Send cover letter and curriculum 



vitae to Professor Edwin Duncan, Chair, English Department, Towson 
University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 10 November 
2006. Towson University is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative 
action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. 
Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of English 255 

http://wwwnew.
towson.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track appointment starting August 2007. Fiction writing specialist; 
preferable secondary experience in Creative Non-Fiction. Ph.D. 
or MFA in appropriate discipline must be conferred by time of appointment. 
Send cover letter and curriculum vitae to Professor Edwin Duncan, 
Chair, English Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, 
MD 21252-0001. Deadline 10 November 2006. Towson University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong institutional 
commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, 
and veterans are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of English 256 

http://wwwnew.
towson.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track appointment starting August 2007. Primary specialization 
in Early Modern/Renaissance 
period literature. Preferable secondary 
interest in postcolonial literature and theory and/or 
travel writing. 
Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; load 
afterwards dependent upon scholarly productivity. Ph.D. must be conferred 
by time of appointment. Send letter and curriculum vitae to Professor 
Edwin Duncan, Chair, English Department, Towson University, 
8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 10 November 2006. 
Towson University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, 
persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant professor, Creative Writing/Fiction 
713 

http://www.
english.umd.edu 

Tenure-track position. Significant publications and teaching experience 
preferred. For best consideration, send letter of application, c.v., dossiser, 
and writing sample by November 1, 2006 to Gary Hamilton, Acting 
Chair, Department of English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall, University 
of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742. UMD is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 724 

http://www.
english.umd.edu 

Publications and teaching or administrative experience highly desirable. 
Specialty open, but especially interested in professional and technical 
writing, composition studies, electronic literacy, and history of rhetoric. 
For best consideration, send letter of application, c.v., dossier, and writing 
sample by November 8, 2006 to Gary Hamilton, Acting Chair, Department 
of English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall, University of Maryland, College 
Park, MD 20742. UMD is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Maryland Baltimore County 

English, 1000 Hilltop Cir, Fine Arts 449 Baltimore MD 21250 

Associate Professor of American Literature 867 

http://umbc.
edu 

Associate Professor in American Literature of any period before the Civil 
War, to begin Fall 2007. Desirable secondary fields include literary and 
cultural theory, literature and science, or literature and history. The successful 
candidate should have a Ph.D, an accomplished publishing record, 
a strong agenda for research, and demonstrated excellence in teaching. 
Teaching assignment is 2/3 
with possibility of teaching in a variety of 
interdisciplinary programs at both undergraduate and graduate levels. 
UMBC is a dynamic public research university located in the Baltimore- 
Washington corridor; the English Department, home of the Shakespeare 
Association of America, offers two Major tracks, one in Literature and 
one in Communication and Technology. Please send letter and vita to Jessica 
Berman, Chair, English, by November 1, 2006. UMBC is an equal 
opportunity employer 
and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
and people with disabilities. [R] 

U of Maryland Baltimore County 

English, 1000 Hilltop Cir, Fine Arts 449 Baltimore MD 21250 

Assistant Professor in Communication and Technology 882 

http://umbc.
edu 

Assistant Professor (tenure track) to teach in our Communication and 
Technology track, to begin Fall 2007. Desirable research areas include 
rhetorical theory, classical and modern; literacy studies; electronic rhetorics 
and new media; writing in the disciplines; and sociolinguistics. 
Teaching assignment is 2/3 
with possibility of teaching in a variety of 
interdisciplinary programs at both undergraduate and graduate levels. The 
successful candidate should have a promising publishing agenda, demonstrated 
excellence in the classroom, and Ph.D. in hand by August 2007. 
UMBC is a dynamic public research university located in the Baltimore- 
Washington corridor; the English Department, home of the Shakespeare 
Association of America, offers two Major tracks, one in Literature and 
one in Communication and Technology. Please send letter and vita to 
Professor Lucille McCarthy, English Department, University of Maryland 
Baltimore County, 1000 Hilltop Circle, Baltimore, MD 21250 by 
November 1, 2006. UMBC is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
and encourages applications from women, minorities, and individuals 
with disabilities. [R] 

Massach usetts 

Boston U 

English, 236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of English 731 

http://www.
bu.edu/English 


The Department is seeking to fill a position starting in September, 2007, 
for an assistant professor in British Victorian literature. We shall be especially 
interested in candidates with expertise in poetry; some knowledge 
of non-fiction prose is also desirable. The successful candidate can 
expect to teach the second half of a two-term survey of Britiish literature, 
as well as upper-level courses in the Victorian period. We are especially 
interested in candidates whose work engages other fields, such 
as history, philosophy, religion, and Women’s Studies. Send letter, vita, 
and 2-page description of dissertation by 1 November to Professor Julia 
Brown, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 236 Bay State 
Road, Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 



Brandeis U 

English & Amer Lit, PO Box 549110, 415 South St Waltham MA 02454 

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial Theory/Global 
Anglophone Literature 313 

http://www.
brandeis.edu/departments/
english/ 

The Department of English at Brandeis University seeks to appoint a tenure-
track Assistant Professor specializing in postcolonial theory/global 
anglophone literature, beginning Fall 2007. The successful candidate will 
have received the PhD by September 2007 and will demonstrate excellence 
as both a scholar and a teacher. Candidates with expertise in periods 
before 1900 are welcome. We plan to interview at the MLA Convention 
in December. Please send cover letter, c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to Prof. John Plotz, Search Committee Chair, Department of 
English, MS 023 Brandeis University, Waltham, MA 02454-9110. First 
consideration will be given to applications received by Wednesday, November 
1, 2006. Brandeis University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual community, and 
strongly encourages applications from women and minorities. [R] 

Bridgewater SC 

English, Tillinghast Hall, Rm 340 Bridgewater MA 02325 

Department of English, Assistant Professor of English with a Specialization 
in Twentieth Century Lit 822 

http://www.
bridgew.edu 

This is a full-time tenure track position starting Fall 2007 

Earned Ph.D in English by August 2007 with a specialization in Twentieth 
Century Literature and Film. Desired literary interests may include 
American, British, or World Anglophone literature. College teaching 
experience required. Since all faculty in the department teach freshman 
writing, preparation in composition will be an advantage. Responsibilities 
also include advising undergraduate and graduate students; participating 
in departmental and college decision-making processes and activities. 

Qualifications: 

Ph.D in English by August 2007 with a specialization in Twentieth Century 
Literature and Film. 

Preferred Qualifications: 

Desired literary interests may include American, British, or World Anglophone 
literatures. 

Applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and 
advising, and to working in a multicultural environment that fosters diversity. 
They should also have an ability to use technology effectively in 
teaching and learning, the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of 
scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher education. 

Special Instructions to Applicants: 

Three references should be included on the cv. 

TO APPLY: Please visit our website http://www.
bridgew.edu/HR/
Joblist 


Bridgewater State College is an aff irmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
that actively seeks to increase the diversity of its workforce. 

Bridgewater SC 

English, Tillinghast Hall, Rm 340 Bridgewater MA 02325 

Department of English, Assistant Professor of English with a 
Specialization in Irish Literature 824 

http://www.
bridgew.edu 

This is a full-time tenure track position starting in Fall 2007. 

Earned Ph.D in English by August 2007 with a specialization in Irish literature. 
Preference will be given to applicants with a secondary interest in 
post-colonial literature. College teaching experience required. Since all 
faculty in the department teach freshman writing, preparation in composition 
will be an advantage. Responsibilities also include advising undergraduate 
and graduate students; participating in departmental and college 
decision-making processes and activities. 

Qualifications: 

Ph.D in English by August 2007 with a specialization in Irish literature. 

Preferred Qualifications: 

Preferred secondary interest in post-colonial literature. 

Applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and 
advising, and to working in a multicultural environment that fosters diversity. 
They should also have an ability to use technology effectively in 
teaching and learning, the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of 
scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher education. 

Special Instructions to Applicants: 

Three references should be included on the cv. 

TO APPLY: Please visit our website at http://www.
bridgew.edu/HR/ 
Joblist 

Bridgewater State College is an aff irmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
that actively seeks to increase the diversity of its workforce. 

Bridgewater SC 

English, Tillinghast Hall, Rm 340 Bridgewater MA 02325 

Department of English, Asst. Professor of English with a Specialization 
in Renaissance Literature 823 

http://www.
bridgew.edu 

This is a full-time, tenure track position starting in Fall 2007. 

Required: Earned Ph.D in English by August 2007 with a specialization 
in Renaissance literature, preferably with an emphasis on Shakespeare or 
the Tudor period. The ability to teach a course in Chaucer or a survey of 
Medieval literature is also desirable. College teaching experience required. 
Since all faculty in the department teach freshman writing, preparation in 
composition will be an advantage. Responsibilities also include advising 
undergraduate and graduate students; participating in departmental and 
college decision-making processes and activities. 

Qualifications: 

Ph.D in English by August 2007 with a specialization in Renaissance 
literature. 


Preferred Qualifications: 

Preferred emphasis within Renaissance specialization on Shakespeare or 
the Tudor period; ability to teach a course in Chaucer or a survey of Medieval 
literature also desirable. 

Applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and 
advising, and to working in a multicultural environment that fosters diversity. 
They should also have an ability to use technology effectively in 
teaching and learning, the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of 
scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher education. 

Special Instructions to Applicants: 

Three references should be included on the cv. 

TO APPLY: Please visit our website at http://www.
bridgew.edu/HR/ 
Joblist 

Bridgewater State College is an aff irmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
that actively seeks to increase the diversity of its workforce. 

C of the Holy Cross 

English, 1 College St Worcester MA 01610 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing: Fiction 983 

http://www.
holycross.edu 

We seek a dedicated teacher and fiction writer with significant publication 
for a tenure-track appointment to begin in the fall of 2007. MFA or 
Ph.D. with creative writing emphasis. Preference given to candidates who 
can also teach non-fiction workshops and/or 
occasional literature courses. 
While a small portion of our students go on to MFA programs, our cre



ative writing courses are intended to help students become better English 
majors. Teaching load includes creative writing courses at introductory, 
intermediate, and advanced levels, and opportunities for specialized 
upper-division courses. 3–2 load, with guaranteed full-salary semester 
research leave for junior faculty and generous sabbatical and fellowship 
leaves for senior faculty. Holy Cross is a highly selective Jesuit and Catholic 
liberal arts college located 45 miles west of Boston. The College is an 
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer 
and complies with all Federal 
and Massachusetts laws concerning Equal Opportunity and Affirmative 
Action in the workplace. Send letter and vita to: James Miracky, Chair, 
Department of English, College of the Holy Cross, 1 College Street, 
Worcester, 01610, by November 10, 2006. [R] 

Clark U 

English, 950 Main St Worcester MA 01610 

Assistant Professor of English 131 

http://www.
clarku.edu 

The English Department at Clark University, which offers the B.A. and 
M.A. degrees, seeks a specialist in postcolonial literature and theory for 
a tenure-track position at the assistant or advanced assistant level, beginning 
in late August 2007. The ideal candidate will also have expertise in 
late-twentieth-century 
British literature and demonstrated excellence 
in both teaching and scholarship. Teaching responsibilities include five 
courses each year (four in the candidates fields of specialization, plus one 
writing course). Candidates should submit a c.v. and two writing samples, 
and have dossiers, including at least three letters of recommendation, sent 
to our address. Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail. We will 
begin reviewing applications on October 15th. All materials should be 
sent to Virginia Vaughan, Chair, English Department, Clark University, 
950 Main St., Worcester, MA 01610-1477. Clark University is an AA/ 
EEO 
employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Harvard U 

English & Amer Lit & Lang, 12 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138 

Assistant Professor-Harvard University 296 

Two or more tenure-track assistant professorships. Areas of specialization: 

20th-century 
poetry with a clear emphasis on poetry from 1950 to the 
present (knowledge of American poetry during this period is essential); the 
long 18th-century 
(1660–1830) (candidate must demonstrate real range in 
this period and will be expected to teach different genres); American literature 
before 1800 (this appointment is joint with Harvard’s History and 
Literature Program, an interdisciplinary undergraduate concentration). 


A strong doctoral record is required. Candidates whose major work and 
dissertation do not clearly and predominantly fall into one of these areas 
will not be considered and should not apply. Convincing record of publication 
and teaching is desirable. Finalists will be expected to submit in 
December the entire dissertation or as much of it as is completed (or, alternately, 
a book-length publication). 

Appointment to begin July 1, 2007. Successful candidate(s) will be expected 
to teach four courses per year at the undergraduate and graduate 
level. 

Send cover letter, CV, 1–2 page abstract of dissertation, dossier and article 
length writing sample (25–30 pages), all postmarked no later than October 
28th, 2006 to Junior Search Committee, c/o 
James Engell, Chair, 
Department of English and American Literature and Language, Harvard 
University, Barker Center Â­ 12 Quincy Street, Cambridge MA 02138. 
Complete applications will be acknowledged by postcard once all materials 
have been received. Harvard is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
opportunity 
Employer. 
Applications from women and minorities are strongly 
encouraged. [R] 

Harvard U 

Women’s Studies in Religion Program, 45 Francis Avenue Cambridge 
MA 02138 

Research Associate and Visiting Faculty, Women’s Studies in Religion 21 

http://www.
hds.harvard.edu/wsrp 


Harvard Divinity School announces five full-time positions as Research 
Associate and Visiting Faculty for 2007–08 in its Womens Studies in Religion 
Program. The Program supports significant Womens Studies research 
projects on topics related to the history and function of gender in 
religious traditions, the institutionalization of gender roles in religious 
communities, and the interaction between religion and the personal, social, 
and cultural situations of women. Appropriate topics include feminist 
theology, biblical studies, ethics, womens history, as well as interdisciplinary 
scholarship on women in world religions. Full-time residence 
is required at Harvard Divinity School while carrying out the proposed 
research project during the 2007–08 academic year. Associates meet together 
regularly for collective discussion of research in progress; each 
Associate teaches a one-semester course related to the research project; 
and the Associates present their research in a public lecture series. Salary: 
$40,000 plus benefits. Completed applications must be received by October 
16, 2006. Information and applications may be accessed at www.hds
.harvard.edu/wsrp. 


Massachusetts Inst of Tech 

Literature, 77 Massachusetts Av, Bldg 14N, Rm 407 Cambridge 
MA 02139 

Assistant Professor of Literature 539 

http://web.
mit.edu/lit/
www/ 

The Literature Faculty at MIT is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor 
specializing in Medieval Studies. Additional expertise in classical literature 
or comparative media studies desirable. Ph.D. and evidence of the 
likelihood of a distinguished teaching and research career required. All 
members of the faculty teach in a wide-ranging undergraduate curriculum. 
Please send cover letter, C.V., and dossier by November 1 to James 
Buzard, Head, Literature Faculty, MIT, 14N-409, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, 
Cambridge, MA 02139-4307. MIT is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Massachusetts Inst of Technology 

School of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences, Bldg E-51 255 77 
Massachusetts Ave Cambridge MA 02139 

McMillan-Stewart Chair in the Study of Women in the Developing 
World 153 

http://web.
mit.edu/shass/ 


MITs School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences seeks an outstanding 
scholar and teacher for the GeneviÃ¨ve McMillan-Reba Stewart Chair 
in the Study of Women in the Developing World, to start Fall 2007. Candidates 
principal scholarship and teaching should focus on the study of 
women and gender in the Middle East and/or 
North Africa. Candidates 
should also demonstrate a strong familiarity with comparative and interdisciplinary 
approaches to the study of women and gender. It is preferred 
that candidates for the McMillan-Stewart Chair be qualified for a tenured 
faculty appointment in one of the following academic departments 
and programs located in the MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social 
Sciences: Anthropology; Comparative Media Studies, Foreign Languages 
and Literatures, History, Literature, Music and Theatre Arts, Political 
Science, Science, Technology and Society, and Writing and Humanistic 
Studies. It is expected that the appointee will teach courses in his or her 
specific department and in the MIT Womens Studies Program. 

Candidates should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and 
the names, mailing addresses (including email addresses) and telephone 
numbers of three references, by November 1, 2006 to: McMillan-Stewart 



Chair Search Committee, Deans Office, School of Humanities, Arts and 
Social Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Bldg. E51–255, 77 
Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139-4307 

MIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer 
and encourages 
applications from qualified women and members of minority groups. 

For more information about the MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and 
Social Sciences please go to: 

http://web.
mit.edu/shass/ 


Northeastern U 

English, 360 Huntington Av, 406 Holmes Boston MA 02115 

Assistant or Associate Professor of African American literature 829 

http://www.
english.neu.edu/ 

The English department of Northeastern University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in African American literature at the rank of 
assistant or early associate professor. PhD in English, African American 
Studies, or related f ield required for appointment at the rank of assistant; 
candidates at the associate rank must have a record of scholarship 
and teaching appropriate for tenure. Applications will be considered in 
all areas of specialization, but we would particularly welcome candidates 
with research and teaching interests in pre-1900 prose. Teaching responsibilities 
include undergraduate survey and specialized courses as well 
as graduate seminars. Candidates must have experience in, or a demonstrated 
commitment to working with, diverse student populations and/ 
or 
in a culturally diverse work and educational environment. Normal 
teaching load for research-active faculty in the English department is 2/2, 
with releases for assistant professors in their initial years of appointment. 
Please send a c.v. and a letter of application to Tim Donovan, Chair, Department 
of English, 406 Holmes Hall, Northeastern University, Boston 
MA 02115-5000. No email applications, please; please do not send materials 
beyond those requested. For fullest consideration, applications must 
be received by November 15, 2006. Dossiers and writing samples will be 
requested of selected candidates. Interviews are planned for MLA 2006 
in Philadelphia. Position contingent upon available funding. Northeastern 
University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Educational Institution 
and Employer, 
Title IX University. [R] 

Salem SC 

English, 352 Lafayette St, 216 Meier Hall Salem MA 01970 

English Education (Secondary) Faculty-Tenure Track 143 

http://www.
salemstate.edu 

The Department of English at Salem State College is seeking an English 
Education specialist, with expertise in writing instruction, for a full-time 
tenure-track position beginning in September 2007. The candidate hired 
will teach graduate and undergraduate courses preparing students to teach 
English at the secondary level, including the teaching of writing. She or 
he will also teach sections of first year Composition and other graduate 
and undergraduate writing courses. Please send a writing sample with 
other required materials. Teaching load is 12 hours. The position is advertised 
pending funding. 

Required qualifications include a doctoral degree in English or English 
Education, experience with teacher training and in writing assessment at 
the high school or college level, experience in teaching college Composition 
and promise of future research on some aspect of teaching English. 
Preferred qualifications include at least three years of experience teaching 
English at the high school level, experience as a supervising or cooperating 
teacher, and familiarity with computer-assisted learning, as well as 
knowledge of state and national licensure requirements. We also prefer 
candidates with experience in and commitment to teaching in a multiracial, 
multiethnic environment with students of diverse backgrounds and 
learning styles, as well as in distance learning and instructional technologies, 
and candidates who enjoy serving as role models and mentors for a 
diverse student body. The salary is competitive and commensurate with 
education and experience. Application review will begin November 1, 
2006 and continue until an adequate pool is developed. 

To apply, send a letter of application, resume, appropriate transcripts and 
three letters of reference to: 

Office of Human Resources & Equal Opportunity, 352 Lafayette Street, 
Salem, MA 01970 

Fax: 978-542-6163 

Email: eo-hr@salemstate.edu 

(Word Attachments Only) 

Reference Code: 07-AA-F-ENG-ED 

SALEM STATE COLLEGE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/ 
AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTIONEMPLOYER. 
PERSONS OF COLOR, 
WOMEN AND PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES ARE STRONGLY 
URGED TO APPLY. 

Stonehill C 

English, 320 Washington St Easton MA 02357 

Assistant Professor of English 1026 

http://www.
stonehill.edu/english 


The English Department at Stonehill College seeks candidates for a tenure-
track position with a specialization in American literature before 
1900. We welcome as well applicants with a demonstrated interest in 
early American literature. Secondary expertise in gender and sexuality or 
media studies is also desirable. 

Candidates must have completed the Ph.D. by the time of appointment, 
must demonstrate a commitment to undergraduate teaching, and 
must have clear evidence of scholarly potential. All candidates should be 
qualified to teach an historically based first-year core literature course in 
Stonehill’s General Education Program. The normal teaching load is three 
courses per semester. Depending on budget approval, the department will 
consider applications from qualified candidates already holding the ranks 
of associate or full professor. 

Please send a letter of application, a vita, a short writing sample, and a 
dossier to Daniel Itzkovitz, Search Committee Chair, English Dept., 
Stonehill College, 320 Washington St., Easton, MA, 02357 by November 
1, 2006. Applications will be acknowledged. Interviews of selected candidates 
will be held at MLA in December. 

Stonehill College is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to 
diversity. [R] 

Suffolk U 

English, 41 Temple St Boston MA 02114 

Assistant Professor of English 613 

http://www.
cas.suffolk.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor: Ph.D. in twentieth-century 
British literature, 
starting Fall, 2007. Possible subspecialties include literature in 
English other than British or American, gender studies, or creative writing 
(prose). Must be committed to undergraduate teaching at all levels. 
Faculty teaching assignment (3/2) 
includes first-year composition, sophomore 
surveys, and courses for majors. Requirements: Ph.D. in hand by 
January 31, 2007, record of professional research/publication, 
and successful 
teaching experience. 

Please send only CV and a cover letter outlining teaching philosophy 
and practices and research/publication 
interests to Prof. Quentin Miller, 
Search Committee, Dept. of English, Suffolk U., 41 Temple St., Boston, 
MA 02114-4280. Suffolk’s College of Arts and Sciences is a dynamic liberal 
arts college located on Boston’s historic Beacon Hill. 

No dossiers, recommendations, writing samples, student evaluations, or 
other supporting material at present time. Priority deadline: postmarked 
by Nov. 3. Applications will be acknowledged by post card. [R] 



Suffolk U 

English, 41 Temple St Boston MA 02114 

Assistant Professor of English 615 

http://www.
suffolk.edu 

http://www.
cas.suffolk.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor: Ph.D. in early American literature (origins 
through American Renaissance), starting Fall, 2007. Possible subspecialties 
include literature in English other than British or American, 
gender studies, or creative writing (prose). Must be committed to undergraduate 
teaching at all levels. Faculty teaching assignment (3/2) 
includes 
first-year composition, sophomore surveys, and courses for majors. Requirements: 
Ph.D. in hand by January 31, 2007, record of professional research/
publication, 
and successful teaching experience. 

Please send only CV and a cover letter outlining teaching philosophy 
and practices and research/publication 
interests to Prof. Quentin Miller, 
Search Committee, Dept. of English, Suffolk U., 41 Temple St., Boston, 
MA 02114-4280. Suffolk’s College of Arts and Sciences is a dynamic liberal 
arts college located on Boston’s historic Beacon Hill. 

No dossiers, recommendations, writing samples, student evaluations, or 
other supporting material at present time. Priority deadline: postmarked 
by Nov. 3. Applications will be acknowledged by post card. [R] 

Tufts U 

English, East Hall Medford MA 02155 

African American Literature, Assistant or Associate Professor 314 

http://ase.
tufts.edu/english/ 


African American Literature, Assistant or Associate Professor. Tenure-
track. PhD must be awarded by August 2007. Candidates may be 
grounded in any historical period, but should have the ability to teach 
courses in African American literature from its beginnings to the present 
moment and be able to teach graduate as well as undergraduate level advanced 
and introductory courses. Secondary strength in African American 
theory, literatures of the African diaspora, or other aspects of American 
literature and culture. Candidates must demonstrate significant research 
potential; strong teaching record preferred. Review of applications begins 
November 1st 2006 and continues until position is filled. Preliminary interviews 
will take place at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. Send letter, 
CV, letters of recommendation and writing sample to Lee Edelman, 
Chair, Department of English, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155. 
Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
We are committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty. Members of 
under represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

British Romanticism 684 

http://www.
umass.edu/english 


Assistant Professor, tenure track, to begin Fall 2007. To develop undergraduate 
and graduate courses in literature from this period. Specialty 
open, but research interests in transnational approaches, historicization of 
literary forms, and race/empire 
studies are particularly welcome. Qualifications: 
PhD, relevant scholarship, demonstrated potential for excellence 
in teaching, and commitment to participation in an active and energetic 
department. Salary commensurate with qualifications. Priority deadline: 
November 10, 2006. Send applications (vita, three letters of recommendation, 
sample of written work) to Chair, Electronic Literacies Search, c/ 
o 
Meg Caulmare, Department of English, Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, 
University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 01003-9269. The English Department 
is committed to active recruitment of a diverse faculty and student 
body. UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College consortium 
along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges, 
and is also a member of the Academic Career Network, a resource for 
dual career couples. The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of minority 
groups are encouraged to apply. www.umass.edu/english 
[R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Modern/Postmodern 
Literatures 689 

http://www.
umass.edu/english 


Assistant Professor, tenure track, to begin Fall 2007. A specialist in modern 
and/or 
postmodern literatures, well-equipped to teach the links between 
the two. Other areas of interest to the department would include 
(but are not limited to) the following: connections between the modern/ 
postmodern 
and the national/transnational; 
geographies of modernism/ 
postmodernism; 
links with the colonial and postcolonial; postnational 
cartographies, ethnicities, and/or 
diasporas; issues of race, gender, region, 
or economics; applicable theories in these fields. Qualifications: Ph.D., a 
successful research and teaching record, and commitment to participation 
in an active and energetic department. Salary commensurate with 
qualifications. Priority deadline: November 10, 2006. Send applications 
(vita, three letters of recommendation, sample of written work) to Chair, 
Electronic Literacies Search, c/o 
Meg Caulmare, Department of English, 
Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 
01003-9269. The English Department is committed to active recruitment 
of a diverse faculty and student body. UMass Amherst is a member of 
the Five College consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and 
Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also a member of the Academic Career 
Network, a resource for dual career couples. The University of Massachusetts 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and 
members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. www.umass.edu/ 
english 
[R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Electronic Literacies 687 

http://www.
umass.edu/english 


Assistant Professor, tenure track, to begin Fall 2007. Research interests in 
one or more of the following areas: computers and composition, digital 
media/multimodal 
composing, visual rhetoric, and/or 
cultural studies of 
technology emphasizing the production of text. To teach courses that contribute 
to the departments undergraduate specializations in Professional 
Writing and Technical Communication and Professional Nonfiction. Also 
to participate in an active Ph.D. program with emphases in composition 
and rhetoric, American studies, and literary studies. Willingness/ability 
to 
teach user documentation desired. Qualifications: Ph.D., relevant scholarship, 
demonstrated potential for excellence in teaching courses in digital 
media, web design, and/or 
technical writing. Salary commensurate with 
qualifications. Priority deadline: November 10, 2006. Send applications 
(vita, three letters of recommendation, sample of written work) to Chair, 
Electronic Literacies Search, c/o 
Meg Caulmare, Department of English, 
Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 
01003-9269. The English Department is committed to active recruitment 
of a diverse faculty and student body. UMass Amherst is a member of 
the Five College consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and 
Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also a member of the Academic Career 
Network, a resource for dual career couples. The University of Massachusetts 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and 
members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. www.umass.edu/ 
english 
[R] 



U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Ethnic American Literature 690 

http://www.
umass.edu/english 


Assistant or Associate Professor, tenure track, to begin Fall 2007. Specialty 
in one of the following areas required: Latino/a, 
African American, 
or Caribbean literature and culture. Qualifications: PhD, a successful research 
and teaching record, and a commitment to participation in an active 
and energetic department. Salary commensurate with qualifications. 
Priority deadline: November 10, 2006. Send applications (vita, three letters 
of recommendation, sample of written work) to Chair, Electronic Literacies 
Search, c/o 
Meg Caulmare, Department of English, Bartlett Hall, 
130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 01003-9269. 
The English Department is committed to active recruitment of a diverse 
faculty and student body. UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College 
consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke 
Colleges, and is also a member of the Academic Career Network, a resource 
for dual career couples. The University of Massachusetts is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of 
minority groups are encouraged to apply. www.umass.edu/english 
[R] 

U of Massachusetts Boston 

English, 100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Assistant Professor, Composition Studies 273 

http://www.
english.umb.edu 

Tenure-track position beginning September 2007 at lively urban university 
in a department with strong commitments to the teaching of writing 
at all levels; we have 425 undergraduate majors and 125 MA students. 
Strong candidates will demonstrate expertise in composition theory and 
pedagogy as well as interest in advanced literacy in the context of urban 
public education. Training in one or more of the following areas is desirable: 
writing program administration; teacher education; uses of technology 
in the composition classroom. Candidates must have Ph.D. in hand 
by August 2007. Responsibilities include teaching freshman and advanced 
composition, graduate seminars in the teaching of composition, supervision 
of graduate teaching interns, and development of new courses for 
both the BA and MA programs. Applications must be received by November 
1. Send cover letter, CV, writing sample of no more than 20 
pages, and three letters of reference to Professor Neal Bruss, Recruiting 
Committee Chair—Search #485D, English Department, University of 
Massachusetts Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 02125. We are 
an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX employer. 
[R] 

Mich iga n 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of Children’s Literature 834 

http://www.
cmich.edu 

Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English beginning Fall 
2007. 3/3 
course load. Ph.D. in English or related field required by August 
2007. Expertise and ability to teach graduate and undergraduate 
courses in Childrens Literature required. Ability to teach in the area of 
Cultural studies as well as in general literature and composition courses 
required. Expertise in literary theory desired. Demonstrated evidence of 
effective teaching and an active research program are required. Send application, 
curriculum vita, writing sample, transcripts, and three current 
letters of reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 
48859 by 27 October 2006. CMU is a doctoral/research-
intensive university 
with opportunities for leadership and involvement for its entire 
faculty. CMU, an AA/EO 
institution, strongly and actively strives to increase 
diversity within its community. Minorities are encouraged to apply 
(see www.cmich.edu/aaeo/). 
[R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English Education 837 

http://www.
cmich.edu 

Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English beginning Fall 
2007. 3/3 
course. Ph.D. in English or related f ield required by August 
2007. Expertise and ability to teach graduate and undergraduate 
methods courses in the English Department, particularly “Writing in the 
Elementary Classroom,” and college composition required. Experience in 
the K-8 classroom, evidence of effective teaching, and an active research 
program are required. Research and teaching interests in complementary 
area of English education, literacy, composition, and/or 
Childrens Literature 
preferred. Demonstrated evidence of effective teaching and an active 
research program are required. Send application, curriculum vita, writing 
sample, transcripts, and three current letters of reference to Dr. Marcy 
Taylor, Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, Central 
Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 by 27 October 2006. CMU 
is a doctoral/research-
intensive university with opportunities for leadership 
and involvement for its entire faculty. CMU, an AA/EO 
institution, 
strongly and actively strives to increase diversity within its community. 
Minorities are encouraged to apply (see www.cmich.edu/aaeo/). 
[R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Director of Basic Writing 835 

http://www.
cmich.edu 

Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English beginning Fall 
2007. 3/3 
course load with release time for administrative duties. Ph.D. 
in English or related field required by August 2007. Expertise and ability 
to teach graduate and undergraduate courses in Composition and 
Rhetoric required. Basic Writing program, Writing Center and/or 
writing 
program administration desired. Demonstrated evidence of effective 
teaching and an active research program are required. Send application, 
curriculum vita, writing sample, transcripts, and three current letters of 
reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English Language 
and Literature, Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 by 
27 October 2006. CMU is a doctoral/research-
intensive university with 
opportunities for leadership and involvement for its entire faculty. CMU, 
an AA/EO 
institution, strongly and actively strives to increase diversity 
within its community. Minorities are encouraged to apply (see www 
.cmich.edu/aaeo/). 
[R] 

Kalamazoo C 

English, 1200 Academy St Kalamazoo MI 49006 

Assistant Professor of English 998 

http://www.
kzoo.edu 

Department of English seeks to fill a tenure-track position in Film and 
Critical Theory. The position may also include serving as director of the 
College’s growing interdepartmental Media Studies Program as well as 
teaching 20th Century Literature. Areas of research and/or 
teaching may 
include: Cultural Studies, Postcolonial Film and Literature, 3rd Cinema, 
African American Cinema, Race and Cinema, and Gender and Cinema. 
Ph.D. (or evidence of imminent completion) required. Salary competitive 
and consistent with level of experience. This position carries a six-course 
teaching load (two per quarter), beginning September 2007. Candidates 
are expected to have high aptitude and interest in undergraduate teaching 
and a commitment to the liberal arts. Kalamazoo College is a highly 
selective liberal arts institution offering an integrated undergraduate experience 
that weaves traditional liberal arts curriculum into educational 
experiences in both domestic and international settings. The campus is 



located midway between Chicago and Detroit in a metropolitan area of 
over 225,000. The Kalamazoo community supports four college and university 
campuses along with numerous civic arts and cultural associations. 

Send letter, curriculum vitae, transcripts (copy of official transcripts acceptable), 
three letters of recommendation, and a one-page statement of 
teaching philosophy to Dr. Andy Mozina, Chair, Film/Theory 
Search, 
Department of English, Kalamazoo College,1200 Academy Street, Kalamazoo, 
MI 49006-3295. Completed applications received by November 
15 will receive full consideration, with later applications reviewed as 
needed until the position is filled. Applications will be acknowledged by 
postcard or email. Kalamazoo College encourages candidates who will 
contribute to the cultural diversity of the College to apply and to identify 
themselves if they wish. EOE. [R] 

Michigan SU 

James Madison College, 367 South Case Hall East Lansing MI 48825 

Assistant Professor, Humanities, Culture & Writing 200 

http://www.
jmc.msu.edu 

James Madison College, a residential college at Michigan State University, 
seeks to fill a tenure-stream position in Humanities, Culture and Writing. 
We seek a colleague to teach interdisciplinary, writing intensive first-year 
seminars and upper-division courses. Appointment will be made at the 
Assistant or beginning Associate Professor level. The position alternates a 
2–2 teaching load one year, with a 3–2 load the next. The primary teaching 
assignment is in first-year seminars with one upper-division course 
per year. 

Successful candidates must have interdisciplinary research and teaching 
interests in Latin American, Spanish-speaking Caribbean, Comparative 
Chicana(o), or Border Studies. Candidates must also have significant experience 
in the design and teaching of writing courses; expertise in writing 
pedagogy/theory 
is desirable. Candidates must be prepared to design 
such writing intensive courses from a perspective informed by their interdisciplinary 
research interests. 

James Madisons first-year seminars explore intellectual and social issues 
in American and/or 
international contexts through the study and practice 
of critical reading, writing and public speaking. Grounded in the study of 
cultural texts (literary, historical, and media), these seminars address questions 
of identity, representation, citizenship and community. 

With an enrollment of 1200 students, James Madison College provides a 
liberal education in public affairs, combining the ethos of a small liberal 
arts college with the advantages of a large, diverse, research-intensive university. 
The faculty is dedicated to excellence in undergraduate teaching, 
and the primary criterion for tenure in the College is sustained teaching 
excellence. 

Applicants should submit a letter describing how their teaching and research 
interests would contribute to Humanities Culture and Writing and 
to a college curriculum focused on public affairs. Supporting materials 
should include a vita, at least three confidential letters of recommendation, 
a writing sample, and a teaching portfolio or sample teaching materials. 
Review of candidates will begin November 21, 2006, with possible 
interviews at the ASA, MLA, and AHA conventions. Complete f iles 
should be sent to: 

Humanities, Culture and Writing Search Committee, James Madison 
College, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48825-1205 

MSU is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Institution. Persons 
with disabilities have the right to request and receive reasonable 
accommodation. [R] 

U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Assistant Professor of English Language and Literature 761 

http://www.
lsa.umich.edu/english/ 


Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor, starting date September 2007, 
university-year appointment, pending approval. 

The English Department at the University of Michigan expects to make 
two or three appointments in 2006–2007, pending approval. We are particularly 
interested in innovative scholars at the entering or advanced Assistant 
level who work in the following fields: 

British literature and culture between 1660 and 1900 (particularly work 
that cuts across common periodizations); 

Rhetoric and composition and/or 
English linguistics, especially the history 
of the language. 

Successful candidates may also contribute to our established interdisciplinary 
strengths in transatlantic connections; gender and sexuality; material 
and literary culture and ecocriticism. We would also be interested in 
candidates in any field with expertise in technological innovations and 
their application to teaching and research. Send letter of application, c.v., 
research statement, teaching statement, writing samples, and evidence of 
teaching excellence by November 10th to Professor Sidonie Smith, Chair, 
Department of English Language and Literature, University of Michigan, 
3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, Attention: Recruitment 
Coordinator. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University 
of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and is supportive of the needs of dual career couples. All applications will 
be acknowledged. [R] 

U of Michigan 

Sweetland Writing Center, 435 S.State St., 1139 Angell Hall Ann Arbor 
MI 48109 

Lecturer III 827 

http://www.
lsa.umich.edu/swc 


The Sweetland Writing Center at the University of Michigan seeks applicants 
with a Ph.D. for an open Lecturer III position to begin September 1, 
2007. This is a non-tenure track position which we expect to offer for 
three years. Full-time load is three courses per semester or the equivalent 
in other duties. Duties are expected to include teaching from first-year 
undergraduate through graduate pedagogy (including first-year writing 
courses, upper-level peer tutoring seminars, and graduate level training 
courses on Teaching Writing Across the Disciplines); working one-onone 
with undergraduate and graduate students in Writing Workshop; conducting 
outreach to new faculty teaching writing across the College; and 
serving on departmental committees, such as hiring, advisory board, and 
conference committees. Candidates should have extensive background in 
composition and rhetoric. Experience in the areas of basic writing and the 
transition from high school to college, as well as in computer-mediated 
instruction and technology is desirable. Send letter of application, c.v., 
teaching statement, evidence of teaching excellence, and three letters of 
reference to Theresa Tinkle, Interim Director, Sweetland Writing Center, 
University of Michigan, 435 S. State St., 1139 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, 
MI 48109-1003. Application deadline is November 15, 2006. Terms and 
conditions of employment for this position may be subject to the provisions 
of a Collective Bargaining Agreement between the University of 
Michigan and the Lecturers Employee Organization. The University of 
Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 



U of Michigan-Dearborn 

Humanities, 4901 Evergreen Rd Dearborn MI 48128 

Assistant Professor of English Language and Literature 646 

http://www.
umd.umich.edu/casl/
humanities/englishmain.
html 

Assistant Professor of English Language and Literature in Early Modern/ 
Renaissance 
literature and culture, effective 9/1/
07. Full time, tenure 
track. Teaching load six courses per year, including Shakespeare, courses 
in sixteenth-and seventeenth-century 
literature and culture, surveys and 
introductory courses, and writing. Interest in teaching a diverse and talented 
student body desired. Opportunities exist for teaching, at undergraduate 
and master’s levels, in interdisciplinary programs devoted to 
ethnic and gender studies, material culture, environmental studies, and 
religion and society. Evidence of scholarly potential, teaching excellence, 
and commitment to undergraduate education essential. Ph.D. in hand 
by 9/1/
07. An ethnically and socioeconomically diverse city of 100,000, 
Dearborn is easily accessible to urban Detroit and Ann Arbor. All materials 
of application should be postmarked by Nov. 6 for full consideration. 
Send application letter, cv, dossier with at least 3 letters of recommendation, 
and a list of graduate coursework to Chair, English Search Committee, 
Humanities Department, University of Michigan-Dearborn, 4901 
Evergreen Road, Dearborn, MI 48128-1491. All applications will be acknowledged. 


The University of Michigan-Dearborn is dedicated to the goal of building 
a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty committed to teaching and 
working in a multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications 
from minorities and women. The University of Michigan-Dearborn 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
[R] 

Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor of American Literary and Cultural Studies Before 1865 863 

http://www.
english.wayne.edu 

The Department of English at Wayne State University invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professorship in American Literary and Cultural 
Studies before 1865. The Department is committed to scholarship 
and teaching that is both historically focused and theoretically grounded. 
For complete posting and to submit an online application, applicants must 
go to http://jobs.
wayne.edu. On-line application, including CV and letter 
of application addressed to Richard Grusin, Chair, Department of 
English, must be submitted by November 3. Wayne State University is a 
premier institution of higher education offering more than 350 academic 
programs through 14 schools and colleges to more than 31,000 students 
in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer. 
Minority candidates are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward Detroit MI 48202 

18th-Century 
Literary and Cultural Studies-Rank Open 865 

http://www.
english.wayne.edu 

The Department of English at Wayne State University invites applications 
for an open-rank position in 18th-Century 
Literary and Cultural 
Studies. Preference will be given to candidates who are tenured or very 
near tenure, but serious consideration will be given to entry-level candidates 
as well. The Department is committed to scholarship and teaching 
that is both historically focused and theoretically grounded. For complete 
posting 
and to submit an online application, applicants must go to http:// 
jobs.
wayne.edu. On-line application, including CV and letter of application 
addressed to Richard Grusin, Chair, Department of English, must be 
submitted by November 3. Wayne State University is a premier institution 
of higher education offering more than 350 academic programs through 
14 schools and colleges to more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. 
Wayne State University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
Minority candidates are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

Minnesota 

C of Saint Benedict 

English, 37 S College Av St Joseph MN 56374 

Assistant Professor, Tenure Track-English, Trans-Atlantic Studies 554 

http://www.
csbsju.edu/humanresources 


The English Department of the College of Saint Benedict/St. 
Johns University 
invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position to begin 
August, 2007. The successful candidate for this position should be able 
to teach courses in American literature. Preference will be to candidates 
whose literary and theoretical studies center on the cultural, religious and 
racial differences created and/or 
circulated in the 17th and 18th centuries 
in Englands interactions with its colonies in the Americas and the Caribbean 
with possible concentrations in Africa and Europe. The position 
includes teaching general core courses and writing and literature courses. 
Normal teaching responsibility is 3 courses per semester. PhD. required. 

Saint Johns University, a liberal arts college for men, and the College of 
Saint Benedict, a liberal arts college for women, are located four miles 
apart in Central Minnesota just outside metropolitan St. Cloud and 70 
miles from Minneapolis. 

Both are Catholic colleges in the Benedictine tradition, which emphasize 
quality teaching and a commitment to intercultural learning. For further 
information, see http://www.
csbsju.edu. 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, three current letters of 
recommendation, a statement of philosophy of teaching and learning, and 
copies of transcripts, (official transcripts required for interview) to: 

College of Saint Benedict/Saint 
Johns University, Human Resources, PO 
Box 7188, Collegeville, MN 56321 

employment@csbsju.edu 

Applications received after November 15, 2006 cannot be guaranteed full 
consideration. Questions about the position can be directed to Michael 
Opitz, Ph.D, Chair English Department, mnopitz@csbsju.edu. 

Women and people of diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds are 
encouraged to apply. The College of Saint Benedict/Saint 
John’s University 
are EEO/AA 
employers. 
[R] 

Macalester C 

English, 1600 Grand Av St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of British and Irish Literature 100 

http://www.
macalester.edu 

Tenure-track appointment in British and Irish modern and contemporary 
literature, beginning Fall 2007. Rank assistant professor. Ph.D. required. 
Desirable interests might include British and international modernism, 
21st century writing, Black British writing, or Asian writing in the UK. 
Candidates should have broad intellectual interests, significant potential 
for publication and professional activity, and evidence of excellence in 
teaching. Background in comparative approaches, cultural studies, race/ 
ethnic 
studies, queer studies and/or 
gender studies desirable. Successful 
applicants may also contribute to one or more of the College’s interdisciplinary 
programs, such as Humanities and Cultural Studies, Women’s, 
Gender and Sexuality Studies, International Studies, Environmental 
Studies, Urban Studies, or the First Year Seminar program. Send letter of 
application and C.V. to Professor Stephen Burt, Chair, Macalester College, 
Department of English, St. Paul, MN 55105. 

Macalester College is a selective, private liberal arts college in the Minneapolis-
Saint Paul metropolitan area: for more on the college, see http:// 
www.
macalester.edu/provost/
positions/english.
html. Applications received 
by November 1, 2006 will receive first consideration. [R] 



Macalester C 

English, 1600 Grand Av St Paul MN 55105 

Creative Writing (Fiction) 101 

http://www.
macalester.edu 

Tenure track appointment in creative writing, with an emphasis on fiction, 
level open, beginning fall 2007. Candidates must be able to teach 
the writing of fiction and should have published at least one book of prose 
fiction (short stories or novel). We welcome additional interests and publications 
in other fields of creative writing, or in literary scholarship and 
criticism; candidates should be ready to teach some critical and scholarly 
courses as well. In particular we welcome interests in the diversity 
of twentieth century American writing, such as African-American, Native 
American, Asian-American, Latino or Arab-American literature. 
Successful applicants may also contribute to one or more of the College’s 
interdisciplinary programs, such as Humanities and Cultural Studies, 
Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies, International Studies, Environmental 
Studies, Urban Studies, or the First Year Seminar program. Send 
letter of application and C.V. to Professor Stephen Burt, Chair, Macalester 
College, Department of English, St. Paul, MN 55105. Macalester College 
is a selective, private liberal arts college in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul 
metropolitan area; for more on the college, see http://www.
macalester 
.edu/provost/
positions/english.
html. Applications received by November 
1, 2006 will receive first consideration. [R] 

Saint Cloud SU 

English, 720 4th Av S, 106 Riverview St Cloud MN 56301 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English, Director of Developmental 
Writing 433 

http://www.
stcloudstate.edu 

Salary: Negotiable depending on rank and experience 

Date of Appointment: August 2007 

Responsibilities: St. Cloud State Univesity seeks a candidate who will 
serve as director of a new developmental writing program, working 
closely with the Division of General Studies. The normal load for the position 
will be 2/3 
teaching and 1/3 
directing the program. The director 
will be responsible for leading and administering the program, coordinating 
its assessment activities, mentoring TAs and adjunct faculty, and 
teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in developmental writing 
and theory. The collective bargaining agreement requires that SCSU faculty 
demonstrate effective teaching; engage in scholarship and research; 
show evidence of continuing preparation and study; contribute to student 
growth through advising and other means; and provide service to the university, 
especially through committee assignments, and community. 

Qualifications and experience: Ph.D. in English or related field, with a 
specialization in developmental writing; demonstrated excellence in 
teaching introductory and advanced writing courses; demonstrated 
scholarly work and other professional activities in the field of expertise; 
knowledge of writing program administration and assessment required. 
The successful candidate will have demonstrated ability to teach and work 
with persons from culturally diverse backgrounds. 

Apply to: Suzanne Ross, Search Committee Chair, English Department, 
Riverview 106, St. Cloud State University, 720 Fourth Avenue South, St. 
Cloud, MN 56301-4498 

Application information and deadline: 

Send letter of application, vita, copies of graduate transcripts (copies acceptable 
for initial screening; off icial transcripts required at time of 
appointment), 
and 3–5 recent letters of professional recommendation. All 
application materials must be postmarked by October 30, 2006. SCSU is 
committed to excellence and actively supports cultural diversity. To promote 
this endeavor we invite individuals who contribute to such diversity 
to apply, including minorities, women, persons with disabilities, and 
veterans. [R] 

U of Minnesota Duluth 

Composition, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor of Composition 527 

http://www.
d.umn.edu/comp 


The University of Minnesota Duluth, Department of Composition seeks 
to hire an individual for a full-time tenure-track teaching position in 
Composition. The teaching load is typically five classes per year. The successful 
candidate will teach a range of writing courses, including but not 
limited to freshman composition and advanced composition courses, with 
the possibility of teaching composition theory and information design 
courses. The department expects the candidate to produce research in a 
relevant field. Service typically includes advising students, committee assignments, 
and department and curriculum development. Salary and benefits 
are competitive. See www.d.umn.edu/comp. 


Required Education and Experience: 

-PhD or equivalent degree (completed by July 1, 2007) in composition/ 
rhetoric, 
technical writing, English, or related field 

-Two years of experience teaching composition at the college level 

-Clear plan for a program of research leading to publications in peer reviewed 
journals 

-Demonstrated ability to use technology to teach writing 

-Evidence of excellence in teaching composition 

Preferred Qualifications 

-Demonstrated commitment to teaching freshman and advanced composition 


-Experience teaching non-fiction professional writing, including writing 
for the social sciences, the human services/education, 
the fine arts, and/ 
or 
the sciences 

-Experience in placement, ESL, assessment, and/or 
curricular development 


-Record of presentation and publication in relevant fields 

-Record of ability to work collaboratively and collegially 

-Experience teaching information design 

The University of Minnesota Duluth is a comprehensive regional university 
with 75 majors and graduate programs in 20 fields; it has a student 
enrollment of 10,000 and affords a full range of academic/research 
resources in a setting more commonly found at smaller colleges. UMD 
consistently ranks among the top Midwestern universities in US News 
and World Report’s “America’s Best Colleges” issue. The Twin Ports of 
Duluth and its sister city Superior, Wisconsin, have a combined population 
of approximately 120,000 and offer an excellent quality of life. The 
area offers a wealth of natural resources, including numerous trails, rivers, 
and lakes, and is well known as the gateway to the beautiful North Shore 
of Lake Superior, making it a popular destination for outdoor enthusiasts. 
Duluth also has a very strong arts community and supports its own symphony. 
In the September 2003 issue of OUTSIDE magazine, Duluth was 
named one of “The 40 Best College Towns” in North America. 

To apply for this position and to submit your application materials online, 
go to http://employment.
umn.edu and search for requisition number 
141374. An application consists of the online application form, which 
includes the following materials: cover letter, vitae (including contact 
information for 3 references), and sample syllabus. In addition, mail evidence 
of effective teaching, transcripts (unofficial acceptable), and samples 
of scholarly and/or 
professional work to the address below. The applicant 
should also request that three letters of reference be sent to the same address. 
Completed applications will be reviewed beginning November 1, 
2006, and will continue until the position is filled. 

Applicants must submit an online application for this position. The 
University of Minnesota Duluth is an equal opportunity educator and 
employer. 


Professor Kenneth Risdon, Search Committee Chair, University of Minnesota 
Duluth, Department of Composition, 420 Humanities, 1201 Ordean 
Court, Duluth, Minnesota 55812 [R] 



U of Minnesota Duluth 

English, 1201 Ordean Court, H410 Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor 470 

http://www.
d.umn.edu 

The University of Minnesota Duluth seeks applications for a tenure-track 
position as Assistant Professor of English in American literature. The 
teaching load is two courses per semester, beginning fall 2007. Essential 
qualifications are Ph.D. in English with specialty in American literature 
or ABD with Ph.D. to be completed by August 27, 2007. The successful 
applicant must show evidence of successful teaching at the college 
level, an ability to teach post-1900 American literature and cultures at the 
advanced level, and show promise of significant publication in the field. 
Desired qualifications include ability to teach multicultural and/or 
world 
literatures in English to undergraduates; ability to teach literary theory 
helpful. Please send online application with attached letter of application, 
resume/curriculum 
vitae, and list of completed graduate-level courses by 
November 1, 2006. For a complete position description and information 
on how to apply online, visit http//employment.umn.edu/, and search for 
Job Requisition 141887. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity 
educator and employer. 
[R] 

U of Minnesota Morris 

Humanities Div, 600 E 4th St Morris MN 56267 

Assistant Professor or Instructor of Early Modern British Literature 844 

http://www.
morris.umn.edu 

The University of Minnesota, Morris invites applications for a full-time, 
tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor or Instructor level in Early 
Modern British Literature, beginning August 13, 2007. We seek a specialist 
in Early Modern British Literature. The position’s 3/2 
course load 
regularly includes the first part of the British literature survey, one section 
of first-year composition, introductory courses in literature, Shakespeare, 
and other advanced courses in Early Modern British literature. We 
especially welcome applicants with additional expertise in and ability to 
teach one or more of the following: grammar and language, gender and 
literature, critical theory. We are interested in individuals with enthusiasm 
for teaching undergraduates in a small, residential, liberal arts college 
that has been recognized nationally for its high academic quality. Ph.D. in 
English or related field by date of appointment preferred; ABDs in English 
or related field will be considered. Appointment will be as assistant 
professor with Ph.D., as instructor with ABD. The latter must have the 
Ph.D. conferred by January 31, 2008 for reappointment. At least one year 
of college teaching is preferred. Candidates must demonstrate excellence 
in the teaching of English at the undergraduate level, and a commitment 
to productive scholarship is essential. Potential for academic leadership 
in a liberal arts college will be considered. Responsibilities: Five undergraduate 
courses per academic year, usually one section of first-year writing 
and four courses in literature and language. A record of excellence as 
a teacher and scholar is required for tenure/promotion. 
A commitment 
to programmatic development in English is essential. Service/outreach 
is 
considered important. Salary: Commensurate with experience. Applications 
must include a letter of application, vita, a transcript or a listing of all 
graduate courses, and three letters of recommendation written within the 
last three years. Please apply on-line at the University of Minnesota Online 
Employment System at https://employment.umn.edu or, if necessary, 
you may send applications to: English Search Committee (B), Division of 
the Humanities, University of Minnesota, Morris, 600 East 4th Street, 
Morris, Minnesota 56267. Applications must reach us no later than November 
1, 2006. The University of Minnesota, Morris is a member of the 
Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges (COPLAC), a national alliance of 
leading liberal arts colleges in the public sector. The University of Minnesota 
is committed to the policy that all persons shall have equal access 
to its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, 
creed, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, public 
assistance status, veteran status, or sexual orientation. [R] 

U of Minnesota Morris 

Humanities Div, 600 E 4th St Morris MN 56267 

Assistant Professor or Instructor of American Literature 1865–1945 839 

http://www.
morris.umn.edu 

The University of Minnesota, Morris invites applications for a fulltime, 
tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor or Instructor level 
in American Literature 1865–1945, beginning August 13, 2007. We especially 
welcome applicants with expertise on major authors of the period 
and with additional expertise in and ability to teach one or more of 
the following: African-American literature, gender and literature, critical 
theory. The position’s 3/2 
course load regularly includes the second half 
of the American literature survey, one section of first-year composition, 
introductory courses in literature, and advanced courses in American 
literature. We are interested in individuals with enthusiasm for teaching 
undergraduates in a small, residential, liberal arts college that has been 
recognized nationally for its high academic quality. Ph.D. in English or 
related field by date of appointment preferred; ABDs in English or related 
field will be considered. Appointment will be as assistant professor with 
Ph.D., as instructor with ABD. The latter must have the Ph.D. conferred 
by January 31, 2008 for reappointment. At least one year of college teaching 
is preferred. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in the teaching 
of English at the undergraduate level, and a commitment to productive 
scholarship is essential. Potential for academic leadership in a liberal arts 
college will be considered. Responsibilities: Five undergraduate courses 
per academic year, usually one section of f irst-year writing and four 
courses in literature and language. A record of excellence as a teacher and 
scholar is required for tenure/promotion. 
A commitment to programmatic 
development in English is essential. Service/outreach 
is considered 
important. Salary: Commensurate with experience. Applications must include 
a letter of application, vita, a transcript or a listing of all graduate 
courses, and three letters of recommendation written within the last three 
years. 

Please apply on-line at the University of Minnesota Online Employment 
System at https://employment.umn.edu or, if necessary, you may send applications 
to: English Search Committee (A), Division of the Humanities, 
University of Minnesota, Morris, 600 East 4th Street, Morris, Minnesota 
56267. Applications must reach us no later than November 1, 2006. The 
University of Minnesota, Morris is a member of the Council of Public 
Liberal Arts Colleges (COPLAC), a national alliance of leading liberal arts 
colleges in the public sector. The University of Minnesota is committed 
to the policy that all persons shall have equal access to its programs, facilities, 
and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, 
national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, 
veteran status, or sexual orientation. [R] 

U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Av, Mail #JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor in Creative/Literary 
Nonfiction Writing 85 

http://www.
stthomas.edu/english 


The successful candidate for this position, which begins in Fall 2007, 
will have preparation and a substantial publication record appropriate to 
the teaching of introductory through upper-level courses in the writing 
of creative/literary 
nonfiction. Ability to teach an introductory creative 
writing course in poetry and fiction is highly desirable. 

All full-time members of the English Department teach six courses per 
year, including our general requirement sequence in writing and literature. 
Holders of the MFA in Creative Writing are encouraged to apply; 
Ph.D. preferred. Interviews will be held at the MLA Convention in December. 


Established in 1885, the University of St. Thomas is located in the major 
metropolitan area of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and is Minnesotas largest private 
university. Its 11,000 students pursue degrees in a wide range of liberal 
arts, professional, and graduate programs. 



Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas 
educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, 
act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good, and seeks 
to develop individuals who combine career competency with cultural 
awareness and intellectual curiosity. The successful candidate will possess 
a commitment to the ideals of this mission. 

The University of St. Thomas has a strong commitment to the principles 
of diversity and inclusion, to equal opportunity policies and practices, and 
to the principles and goals of affirmative action. In that spirit the University 
strongly encourages applications from women, persons of color, and 
persons with disabilities. 

Please submit a cover letter (refer to position #200487) along with a curriculum 
vita, three letters of reference, and documentation of successful 
classroom teaching. Electronic applications should be submitted to: www 
.stthomas.edu/hr. 
Applications sent via mail should be addressed to: UST, 
Mail AQU217, 2115 Summit Avenue., St. Paul, MN 55105. Application 
deadline: November 8, 2006. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Mississippi 

Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 29 

http://www.
msstate.edu/dept/
english 

Tenure-track position for assistant professor to begin in fall 2007, pending 
funding. PhD/ABD 
in English or MFA in fiction writing and college 
teaching experience required. Applicants should have ability to teach creative 
writing at both introductory and advanced levels. Teaching load is 
3/2 
with a first-year load of 2/2. 
Assignments will include introductorylevel 
creative writing courses (fiction and poetry) and upper-and graduate-
level fiction writing workshops, as well as literature courses in the 
applicant’s specialty and Honors Composition and Literature. Publications 
and professional service are required for tenure and promotion. Salary 
will be competitive. Affordable and comfortable faculty housing is usually 
available in the first two years of employment. Mississippi State University 
is a Carnegie Doctoral/Research-
Extensive institution with approximately 
16,000 students on the main campus. To apply, send a letter and 
cv by November 15, 2006, to Dr. Richard Raymond, Head, Department 
of English, Mississippi State University, Drawer E, Mississippi State, MS 
39762. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor 267 

http://www.
usm.edu/english 


The Department of English at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor position in modernist 
American fiction. The successful candidate will be expected to develop 
and teach undergraduate and graduate courses in areas of specialization 
and to serve on M.A. and Ph.D. committees. Minimum qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English by time of appointment; demonstrated evidence of an 
active research agenda; and a commitment to teaching and service. 3/3 
course load. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Position is contingent upon funding. Send letter, vita, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation by November 17 to Michael Mays, 
Interim Chair, The University of Southern Mississippi, Department of 
English, 118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS, 39406-0001. Interviews 
at MLA. The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EOE/ 
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates. 


U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Fiction Writer 660 

http://www.
usm.edu/english 


The Center for Writers in the Department of English at The University 
of Southern Mississippi invites applications for a tenure track, nine-month 
appointment in fiction writing at the assistant or associate professor level 
beginning August 2007. Minimum qualifications: terminal degree in creative 
writing (Ph.D. preferred), evidence of effective teaching, substantial 
publications (at least one book preferred). Also: interest in nonfiction, the 
craft of writing, aesthetics. Salary and rank commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Position is contingent upon funding. 

Duties include graduate and undergraduate teaching; possible editorial 
work on the literary magazine Mississippi Review; thesis and dissertation 
committee work; and participation in departmental activities and specific 
activities of the Center for Writers, an autonomous program within the 
English department. The Center for Writers web site address is www.centerforwriters.
com. Departmental web site is www.usm.edu/english. 


Completed applications received by February 1, 2007, will receive full 
consideration. A complete application will contain a vita, three letters of 
reference, academic transcripts, samples of published work, and a 1500 
word statement regarding your writing. Send applications to Director, 
Center for Writers, 118 College Drive # 5144, Hattiesburg, MS 39406- 
0001. 

The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minorities. 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor of English 657 

http://www.
usm.edu/english 


The Department of English at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor position in Shakespeare 
and Renaissance literature and culture. The successful candidate 
will be expected to develop and teach undergraduate and graduate courses 
in areas of specialization and to serve on M.A. and Ph.D. committees. 
Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English by time of appointment; demonstrated 
evidence of an active research agenda; and a commitment to 
teaching and service. 3/3 
course load. Salary is commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Position is contingent upon funding. Send letter, 
vita, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation by November 
17 to Michael Mays, Interim Chair, The University of Southern Mississippi, 
Department of English, 118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, 
MS, 39406-0001. Interviews at MLA. The University of Southern Mississippi 
is an AA/EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates. 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Director of Composition 658 

http://www.
usm.edu/english 


The English Department at The University of Southern Mississippi seeks 
to hire a tenure-track or tenured specialist in composition and rhetoric 
studies (rank open) to teach courses in writing and pedagogy and to direct 
the program in first-year writing. The University of Southern Mississippi 
is a Ph.D. granting institution that has an established commitment to service 
learning and has recently developed a Writing Across the Curriculum 
(WAC) initiative that includes an expanded Writing Center and promotes 
curricular innovation and pedagogical development. The candidate will 
have an opportunity to take a leading role in promoting and developing 
the WAC initiative. The University serves a diverse population that includes 
many first-generation and non-traditional students; the institution 



and surrounding region offer rich opportunities for those interested in researching 
language and literacy in diverse communities. 

The successful candidate will have completed a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and 
Composition; will demonstrate a commitment to curriculum and program 
development; and will show evidence of effective teaching and a 
promising research trajectory. Additional expertise in electronic pedagogies 
is desirable. Rank and salary commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. 

Please submit letter, vita, statement of philosophy, writing sample, and 
three letters of reference to Michael Mays, Interim Chair, Department 
of English, 118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS 39406-0001. 
Review of applications will begin December 1 and continue until the 
position is filled. The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EOE/ 
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates. 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor of English 656 

http://www.
usm.edu/english 


The Department of English at The University of Southern Mississippi 
invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor position in postcolonial 
literatures and theory. The successful candidate will be expected 
to develop and teach undergraduate and graduate courses in areas of 
specialization and to serve on M.A. and Ph.D. committees. Minimum 
qualifications: Ph.D. in English by time of appointment; demonstrated 
evidence of an active research agenda; and a commitment to teaching 
and service. 3/3 
course load. Salary is commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Position is contingent upon funding. Send letter, vita, 
writing sample, and three letters of recommendation by November 17 to 
Michael Mays, Interim Chair, The University of Southern Mississippi, 
Department of English, 118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS, 
39406-0001. Interviews at MLA. The University of Southern Mississippi 
is an AA/EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates. 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor, Contemporary Literature 654 

http://www.
usm.edu/english 


The Center for Writers in the Department of English at The University 
of Southern Mississippi invites applications for a tenure track, nine-month 
appointment in modern and contemporary literatures at the assistant professor 
level beginning August 2007. We seek an individual with quality 
publications, a primary interest in craft-and aesthetics-based study of literature, 
and teaching experience. This position in the creative writing program 
is intended to help student writers develop a sophisticated sense of 
the history and craft of contemporary literature. Minimum qualifications: 
Ph.D. or equivalent in modern and/or 
contemporary literature; demonstrated 
evidence of ability to teach effectively and to publish research and 
creative work. Other virtues: creative publications and expertise in nonfiction 
and in the history of criticism by writers. Salary is commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Position is contingent upon funding. 

Duties involve graduate and undergraduate teaching; possible editorial 
work on the literary magazine Mississippi Review; thesis and dissertation 
committee work; and participation in the life of the English department 
and of the Center for Writers, an autonomous program within the department. 
The Center for Writers web site address is www.centerforwriters 
.com. Departmental web site is www.usm.edu/english. 


Completed applications received by February 1, 2007, will receive full 
consideration. A complete application will contain a vita, three letters of 
reference, academic transcripts, samples of published work, and a 1000– 
1500 word statement regarding your scholarship in contemporary literature. 
Send applications to Director, Center for Writers, 118 College Drive 
# 5144, Hattiesburg, MS 39406-0001. 

The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minorities. 

Missouri 

Missouri Western SU 

English, For Langs, & Journalism, 4525 Downs Dr St Joseph 
MO 64507 

Assistant Professor, Writing 537 

http://www.
mwsc.edu/eflj/ 


ENGLISH ASSISTANT PROFESSOR tenure-track. To teach writing 
courses, including composition and professional writing. REQUIRED: 
Ph.D. (or ABD with degree in hand by August 2007) in Rhetoric/ 
Composition, 
Professional/Technical 
Communication, Creative Writing, 
or related field. Candidate will play a key part in strengthening existing 
undergraduate writing areas. PREFERRED: Demonstrated abilities in 
computer classroom teaching, online environments, Web design, technical 
writing, and visual rhetoric. Twelve hours/semester, 
including first-year 
composition and upper-division courses based on applicant’s specialty areas. 
Qualified applicants must submit the following by November 15, 2006: a 
letter detailing interests and qualification, CV, three letters of recommendation 
(to be sent directly by references or from confidential placement 
file), a statement of teaching philosophy, and clear evidence of teaching 
effectiveness to: Kenneth Rosenauer, Chair, Department of English, Foreign 
Languages and Journalism, Missouri Western State University, 4525 
Downs Drive, Saint Joseph, MO. 64507. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor of English 322 

http://www.
nwmissouri.edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialty in Composition and 
Rhetoric, beginning August 2007, to teach a 4/4 
load. Specialization in 
developmental composition, technical/workplace 
writing, first-year composition, 
or assessment desirable. Teaching includes at least fifty percent 
general education writing courses with some opportunity to teach upperlevel 
or graduate writing courses. Earned doctorate, successful teaching 
experience at the college level, student support, departmental and university 
service, and ongoing scholarship required. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial 
transcripts, and three letters of reference to Dr. Michael Hobbs, 
Chair, Department of English, Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State 
University, Maryville, MO 64468. Screening will begin November 15th 
and will continue until position is filled. Interviews at the 2006 MLA 
convention in Philadelphia. Application will be acknowledged by letter. 
Inquire to Mhobbs@nwmissouri.edu or (660) 562-1265. Northwest is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor of English Education 327 

http://www.
nwmissouri.edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialty in English Education, beginning 
August 2007, to teach a 4/4 
load, with one quarter release time 
for supervising student teachers and program coordination. Teaching includes 
general education freshman composition and literature classes as 
well as classes in area of specialty. Earned doctorate, successful teaching 
experience at the college level, student support, departmental and university 
service, and ongoing scholarship required. Salary commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial 



transcripts, and three letters of reference to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, 
Department of English, Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, 
Maryville, MO 64468. Screening will begin November 1st and will 
continue until position is filled. Application will be acknowledged by letter. 
Inquire to Mhobbs@nwmissouri.edu or (660) 562-1265. Northwest 
is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Instructor of English 325 

http://www.
nwmissouri.edu/ 

Renewable, non-tenure track Instructor position, beginning August 2007, 
to teach a 4/4 
load of developmental writing, general education freshman 
composition, and advanced composition courses. Generalist with expertise 
in composition and developmental English highly desirable. Masters 
degree and successful teaching experience at the college level required; 
student support and university service expected. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Send letter of application, resume, unofficial 
transcripts, three letters of reference, and contact information for 
three additional references to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department of 
English, Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, 
MO 64468. Screening will begin on November 15th and will continue 
until the position is filled. Interviews at the 2006 MLA convention in 
Philadelphia. Application will be acknowledged by letter. Inquire to 
Mhobbs@nwmissouri.edu or (660) 562-1265. Northwest is an equal opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

Saint Louis U 

English, 3800 Lindell Blvd St Louis MO 63108 

Assistant Professor of Victorian literature 842 

http://jobs.
slu.edu 

Saint Louis University, a Catholic, Jesuit institution dedicated to student 
learning, research, health care, and service, invites applications for a fulltime 
tenure-track beginning to advanced Assistant Professor of English, 
specializing in Victorian literature and culture, to begin Fall 2007. 2/2 
teaching load, with accompanying expectations of research and service. 
Evidence of teaching excellence and strong publication required. Candidates 
must have completed the PhD by August 2007. All candidates must 
submit a letter and c.v. online at http://jobs.
slu.edu. Deadline: November 
1, 2006. Additional materials will be requested by mail. Interviews 
at MLA. Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail. The English Department 
offers BA, MA, and PhD programs. Saint Louis University is 
an Aff irmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer 
(AA/EOE), 
and 
encourages nominations of and applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 

Saint Louis U 

English, 3800 Lindell Blvd St Louis MO 63108 

Assistant Professor of Shakespeare and Early Modern Studies 846 

http://jobs.
slu.edu 

Saint Louis University, a Catholic, Jesuit institution dedicated to student 
learning, research, health care, and service, invites applications for a fulltime 
beginning Assistant Professor of English, specializing in Shakespeare 
and Early Modern Studies, to begin Fall 2007. 2/2 
teaching load, with 
accompanying expectations of research and service. Evidence of teaching 
excellence and strong research promise required. Candidates must have 
completed the PhD by August 2007. All candidates must submit a letter 
and c.v. online at http://jobs.
slu.edu. Deadline: November 1, 2006. Additional 
materials will be requested by mail. Interviews at MLA. Applications 
will be acknowledged by e-mail. The English Department offers 
BA, MA, and PhD programs. Saint Louis University is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer 
(AA/EOE) 
and welcomes nominations 
of and applications from women and minority candidates. [R] 

Southeast Missouri SU 

English, 1 University Plz, MS 2650 Cape Girardeau MO 63701 

Assistant Professor of English in American Literature 235 

http://www.
semo.edu/provost/
facpos.htm#ENG 

Assistant Professor of English in American literature with specializations 
in Southern literature. Earned doctorate in English required. Full-time, 
tenure track, to begin August, 2007. Teach undergraduate courses in composition, 
introduction to literature, and survey of American and Southern 
literature, [4 courses per semester]; advise students; meet committee 
assignments. Preference will be given to applicants with a demonstrable 
record of successful college teaching and record of scholarly publications. 
Persons without substantial background in Southern literature need not 
apply. For complete details visit the Universitys web site at http://www 
.semo.edu/provost/
facpos.htm#ENG or contact hhecht@semo.edu. 
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled with review of 
applications beginning November 1, 2006. The University is an equal opportunity/
M-
F/affirmative 
action employer. 
Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Missouri-Kansas City 

English, 5100 Rockhill Rd, 106 Cockefair Hall Kansas City MO 64110 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 351 

http://cas.
umkc.edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Missouri-Kansas City 
is seeking an assistant professor for a tenure-track position in twentieth- 
century 
American literature. Expertise in African American Literature 
or other minority literature required. The successful applicant will teach 
two courses per semester, including undergraduate American literature 
surveys and graduate courses in her/his 
specialty. Applicants must have 
an active research agenda. The position requires committee service. PhD 
is required. American Literature Search Committee, 106 Cockefair Hall, 
Department of English, University of Missouri-Kansas City, 5100 Rockhill 
Road, Kansas City MO 64110-2499. Applications must be post-marked 
by November 10, 2006 [R] 

U of Missouri-Kansas City 

English, 5100 Rockhill Rd, 106 Cockefair Hall Kansas City MO 64110 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Poetry 354 

http://cas.
umkc.edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Missouri-Kansas City is 
seeking an assistant professor for a tenure-track position in creative writing, 
poetry. The successful applicant will teach two courses per semester, 
including undergraduate and graduate courses in creative writing and in 
literature. The position requires committee and creative writing service. 
PhD or MFA is required, PhD preferred. Applicants must have a strong 
record of publication, including a book. Please send a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, recent writing sample, complete unofficial transcripts 
and three letters of recommendation to Creative Writing-Poetry Search 
Committee, 106 Cockefair Hall, Department of English, University of 
Missouri Kansas City, 5100 Rockhill Road, Kansas City MO 64110-2499. 
Applications must be post-marked by November 10, 2006 [R] 

U of Missouri-Columbia 

English, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Advanced Assistant Professor or Associate Professor of English 924 

http://english.
missouri.edu 

The English Department at the University of Missouri-Columbia seeks 
a rhetoric and composition scholar, preferably at the Associate level, although 
Advanced Assistant applicants may be considered. Applicants 
should have publications commensurate with rank and an active research 
agenda. We seek a colleague who would share in the administration of 



our composition program on a rotating basis, provide leadership as we 
expand our program, and help direct the work of graduate students. Area 
of research emphasis is open with preference given to digital media and 
multimodal writing, multi-ethnic rhetorics, and/or 
technical writing. 
PhD required. 

The states major public research university, we offer generous research 
leaves for faculty, and our ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per 
semester, with course reduction for administrative work. 

Send letter of application and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English Department, 
107 Tate Hall, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, 
MO 65211. Preference given to applications received by November 6. 
Applications will be acknowledged by department letter. The University 
of Missouri is an EOE/AA/
ADA employer. 
[R] 

U of Missouri-Columbia 

English, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Associate Professor or Professor of English 915 

http://english.
missouri.edu/ 

Senior position in Creative Writing, Poetry, rank to be determined. The 
successful candidate will demonstrate accomplished teaching in a graduate 
program, substantial national publication, and a healthy balance of creative 
and scholarly engagement. Appointment begins August 2007. PhD 
required. 

The states major public research university, we offer generous research 
leaves for faculty, and our ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per 
semester. Our creative writing program enjoys strong support from the 
department, the college, and the university, and students in our program 
can earn a BA, MA, or PhD in English. 

Send letter of application and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English Department, 
107 Tate Hall, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, 
MO 65211. Preference given to applications received by November 6. For 
this position we do not plan to conduct MLA interviews. Applications 
will be acknowledged by department letter. The University of Missouri is 
an EOE/AA/
ADA employer. 
[R] 

U of Missouri-Columbia 

English, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Assistant Professor of English 921 

http://english.
missouri.edu 

Tenure-track position in American poetry to 1900. Appointment begins 
August 2007. PhD at time of appointment required. 

The states major public research university, we offer generous research 
leaves for faculty, and our ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per 
semester. In recent years, most assistant professors have been awarded 
year-long research leaves. 

Send letter of application and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English Department, 
107 Tate Hall, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, 
MO 65211. Preference given to applications received by November 6. 
Applications will be acknowledged by department letter. The University 
of Missouri is an EOE/AA/
ADA employer. 
[R] 

U of Missouri-Kansas City 

English, 5100 Rockhill Rd, 106 Cockefair Hall Kansas City MO 64110 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Prose 353 

http://cas.
umkc.edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Missouri-Kansas City is 
seeking an assistant professor for a tenure-track position in creative writing, 
prose. The successful applicant will teach two courses per semester, 
including undergraduate and graduate courses in creative writing and in 
literature. The position requires committee and creative writing service. 
PhD or MFA is required, PhD preferred. Applicants must have a strong 
record of publication, including a book. Please send a letter of application, 
a CV, a recent writing sample, complete unofficial transcripts, and three 
letters of recommendation to Creative Writing-Prose Search Committee, 
106 Cockefair Hall, Department of English, University of Missouri Kansas 
City, 5100 Rockhill Road, Kansas City MO 64110-2499. Applications 
must be post-marked by November 10, 2006 [R] 

U of Missouri-Columbia 

Womens and Gender Studies, 325 General Classroom Building 
Columbia MO 65211 

Assistant Professor 136 

http://wgst.
missouri.edu 

The Women’s and Gender Studies Program (WGST) at the University of 

Missouri-Columbia seeks a scholar whose primary research and teaching 
interests focus on African American and gender topics. This is a tenure 
track full-time assistant professor position beginning in August 2007. This 
position could be a joint appointment in WGST and another department 
within the university. Applicants should have research and teaching interests 
in the various intersections of race, ethnicity, class, gender, age, 
sexuality, disabilities and cultural difference. WGST, which has an interdisciplinary 
curriculum and an active faculty, is particularly interested in 
candidates who will contribute to building a diverse program by offering 
courses, conducting research, and supervising students on race and gender 
issues. 

Requirements include a Ph.D. or an advanced A.B.D., evidence of ability 
to conduct a program of research on African American and gender topics, 
and commitment to teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 

The University of Missouri-Columbia is committed to increasing the 
diversity of the college community and curriculum. In relation to this, 
candidates who support those goals are encouraged to apply and to identify 
their relevant strengths and experiences, indicating these in the cover 
letter. We are interested in candidates who work in the intersections of 
African American Studies and Women’s & Gender Studies. 

To apply, submit a cover letter that includes a statement of your research, 
future research program and teaching interests or experience, a curriculum 
vitae, three letters of recommendation, and publication(s) or writing 
sample(s) to: Dr. Tola Olu Pearce, Chair of Search Committee, Women’s 
and Gender Studies Program, 325 GCB, University of Missouri-Columbia, 
Columbia, Missouri. 65211. 

The review of applicants will begin on November 1, 2006 and continue 
until the position is filled. Please direct questions to Dr Tola Pearce (pearcei@
missouri.edu), Dr. Jacquelyn Litt (Littj@missouri.edu) Director of 
WGST, or Administrative Assistant Shelda Eggers at (573) 882-2703 or 
EggersS@missouri.edu. Further information about the WGST program 
can be found on the website: http://wgst.
missouri.edu 

The University of Missouri is an equal opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 

Washington U 

Womens and Gender Studies Program, One Brookings Drive St Louis 
MO 63130 

Senior Scholar in Women and Gender Studies 137 

http://www.
wustl.edu 

Washington University is seeking a senior scholar in Women and Gender 
Studies. Candidates may be in any discipline. Candidates must show 
a demonstrated interest in and record of scholarly achievement in the 
women and gender studies aspect of their field. Responsibilities include 
academic leadership and teaching on the graduate and undergraduate 
level, service, and confirmed scholarly activities in this field. 

Desired qualif ications include experience in academic administration, 
teaching, and research. This will be a joint appointment with tenure at 
the associate or full professor level in the Women and Gender Studies 
Program and the relevant department in Arts and Sciences. We are look



ing for a person with an outstanding record of publication and a demonstrated 
commitment to Women and Gender Studies. 

Review of applications will begin on or by October 15, 2006, and continue 
until the position is filled. Please send a letter of interest and CV 
including names of three references to: 

Gerhild Scholz Williams, Chair, Box 1104, German Department, Washington 
University, St. Louis, MO. 63130 

Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. Washington 
University is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

Nebraska 

U of Nebraska 

English, PO Box 880333, 545 N 14th St Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English: Composition and Rhetoric (Pending 
Final Budget Approval) 732 

http://www.
unl.edu/english 


Composition and rhetoric specialist with specific expertise in Writing 
Center scholarship, pedagogy, and administration. Secondary area open, 
but one or more of the following especially welcome: history of rhetoric, 
ethnic or cross-cultural rhetorics and literacies, writing and technology, 
writing across the curriculum. The successful candidate will join an active, 
collaborative composition and rhetoric faculty and English Department. 
Responsibilities will include contributing to collaborative program 
development and leadership for writing on campus; teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses in writing, rhetoric, and literacy; and developing 
and maintaining an active research and publication program. Qualifications: 
PhD in Composition and Rhetoric or related field by August, 2007; 
a record of excellent teaching; significant scholarly activity. Experience 
in writing centers (including administration) desirable. For information 
about the Department of English see http://www.
unl.edu/english. 


To be considered for the position, applicants must complete the Faculty/ 
Administrative 
Information Form at http://employment.
unl.edu, requisition 
060772 and then also send letter of application and vita to Professor 
Amelia Montes, Attn: # 060772, Department of English, 202 Andrews 
Hall, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE 68588-0333. For 
information about the application process, contact Professor Montes; for 
information about the position, contact Professor Chris Gallagher, cgallagher2@
unl.edu or 402-472-1835. Review of Applications will begin 
Nov. 1, 2006 and continue until a suitable candidate is found. The University 
of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic campus community 
through affirmative action and equal opportunity and is responsive to the 
needs of dual career couples. We assure reasonable accommodation under 
the Americans with Disabilities Act: Contact Professor Montes at 402- 
472-8291 for assistance. [R] 

U of Nebraska 

English, PO Box 880333, 545 N 14th St Lincoln NE 68588 

Associate Professor of English: Composition and Rhetoric (Pending Final 
Budget Approval) 751 

Composition and rhetoric specialist with specific expertise in writing assessment 
and student learning. Secondary area open, but one or more of 
the following especially welcome: writing across the curriculum, technology 
and writing, PreK-12 pedagogy and outreach, history of rhetoric, 
ethnic or cross-cultural rhetorics and literacies. The successful candidate 
will work with an active, collaborative composition and rhetoric faculty 
to provide intellectual leadership for writing on campus; teach graduate 
and undergraduate courses in writing, rhetoric, and literacy; and maintain 
an active research and publication program. Qualifications: PhD in 
Composition and Rhetoric or related field, a sustained record of excellent 
teaching and scholarship, and experience with programmatic writing assessment. 
For information about the Department of English see http:// 
www.
unl.edu/english. 


To be considered for the position, applicants must complete the Faculty/ 
Administrative 
Information Form at http://employment.
unl.edu, requisition 
060768 and then also send letter of application and vita to Professor 
Amelia Montes, Attn: #060768, Department of English, 202 Andrews 
Hall, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE 68588-0333. For 
information about the application process, contact Professor Montes; for 
information about the position, contact Professor Chris Gallagher, cgallagher2@
unl.edu or 402-472-1835. Review of Applications will begin 
Nov. 1, 2006 and continue until a suitable candidate is found. The University 
of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic campus community 
through affirmative action and equal opportunity and is responsive to the 
needs of dual career couples. We assure reasonable accommodation under 
the Americans with Disabilities Act: Contact Professor Montes at 402- 
472-8291 for assistance. [R] 

Nevada 

U of Nevada, Las Vegas 

English, PO Box 455011, 4505 Maryland Pky Las Vegas NV 89154 

Visiting Full Professor, Creative Writing (fiction) 799 

http://www.
unlv.edu/Colleges/
Liberal_Arts 

We seek candidates with a distinguished publication record in fiction to 
join our Creative Writing Faculty in the Department of English as a Visiting 
Full Professor for academic year 2007/08. 
Offering the M.F.A. and 
the Ph.D. (with creative dissertation), our program’s international focus 
requires that students spend a semester in a non-English speaking country 
and complete a translation project. The position carries a generous salary 
and benefits, with a 2/2 
teaching load, in residence, consisting of graduate 
and some undergraduate workshops and literature courses. A record of 
successful teaching is required. Send letter of application and c.v. to Douglas 
Unger, Chair, Search Committee; Dept. of English; Univ. of Nevada, 
Las Vegas; Las Vegas, NV 89154 5011. Materials may also be submitted 
via e-mail: douglas.unger@unlv.edu. The search will continue until the 
position is filled. Review of applications will begin Jan. 15, 2007. [R] 

U of Nevada, Reno 

English, /098 Reno NV 89557 

Assistant Professor—Literature and Environment 821 

http://www.
unr.edu/cla/
engl/ 

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English announces an 
entry-level, tenure-track position in literature and environment. Desired 
areas of specialization include, but are not limited to, British environmental 
literature, comparative literature, ecocriticism and theory, and creative 
writing. The faculty member will teach a range of intermediate and advanced 
undergraduate courses, graduate seminars, and Core Curriculum 
classes. Our tenure-track faculty who teach and mentor in the graduate 
program and engage in scholarly and/or 
creative activities typically teach 
a 2/2 
load. A strong record of research and/or 
creative work is expected 
as well as experience and promise as an excellent teacher. Ph.D. or M.F.A. 
must be completed by July 1, 2007. Competitive starting salary. 

The University of Nevada requires that job applicants submit materials 
electronically at http://jobs.
unr.edu/professional, 
where formal position 
announcements may be located by keyword or under College of Liberal 
Arts, Department of English. To apply, complete the brief form and submit 
your letter of application and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications 
must be submitted electronically no later than November 1, 2006. 

The search committee will interview at MLA. For additional information 
about the University of Nevada Department of English, see http://www 
.unr.edu/cla/
engl or view http://jobs.
unr.edu for complete position announcement 
and requirements. The university is an affirmative action/ 
equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 



U of Nevada, Reno 

English, /098 Reno NV 89557 

Assistant Professor—Rhetoric and Composition 820 

http://www.
unr.edu/cla/
engl/ 

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English announces a 
tenure-track position in rhetoric and composition, to be filled at the level 
of assistant professor. Primary expertise must be in rhetorical theory and 
composition studies. Desired areas of secondary specialization include, but 
are not limited to, ESL or second-language writing, critical race studies/ 
ethnic 
rhetorics, technology studies, new media, discourse studies, and 
secondary education. The faculty member will teach intermediate and 
advanced undergraduate courses, graduate seminars, and Core Writing 
classes as part of a dynamic faculty that includes a growing number of specialists 
in rhetoric and composition. Our tenure-track faculty who teach 
and mentor in the graduate program and engage in scholarly research typically 
teach a 2/2 
load. A strong record of research is expected as well as 
experience and promise as an excellent teacher. PhD must be completed 
by July 1, 2007. Competitive starting salary. 

The University of Nevada requires job applicants to submit materials 
electronically at http://jobs.
unr.edu/professional, 
where formal position 
announcements may be located by keyword or under College of Liberal 
Arts, Department of English. To apply, complete the brief form and submit 
your letter of application and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications 
must be submitted electronically no later than November 1, 2006. 

The search committee will interview at MLA in Philadelphia. For additional 
information about the University of Nevada Department of English, 
see http://www.
unr.edu/cla/
engl or view http://jobs.
unr.edu for 
complete position announcement and requirements. The university is an 
affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Nevada, Reno 

English, /098 Reno NV 89557 

Assistant Professor—Twentieth-Century 
British and/or 
Postcolonial 
Literature 818 

http://www.
unr.edu/cla/
engl/ 

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English announces an 
entry-level, tenure-track position in twentieth-century 
British and/or 
postcolonial literature. Desired areas of specialization include, but are not 
limited to, British literature since the Second World War, Irish Literature, 
colonial literature, literary theory, and cultural studies. The faculty member 
will teach intermediate and advanced undergraduate courses, graduate 
seminars, and Core Curriculum classes. Our tenure-track faculty who 
teach and mentor in the graduate program and engage in scholarly research 
typically teach a 2/2 
load. A strong record of research is expected 
as well as experience and promise as an excellent teacher. Ph.D. must be 
completed by July 1, 2007. Competitive starting salary. 

The University of Nevada requires that applications be submitted electronically 
at http://jobs.
unr.edu/professional, 
where the formal position 
announcements may be located by keyword or under College of Liberal 
Arts, Department of English. To apply, complete the brief form and submit 
your letter of application and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications 
must be submitted electronically no later than November 1, 2006. 

The search committee will interview at MLA in Philadelphia. For additional 
information about the University of Nevada Department of English, 
see http://www.
unr.edu/cla/
engl or view http://jobs.
unr.edu for 
complete position announcement and requirements. The university is an 
affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

New Hampshire 

Dartmouth C 

English, N Main St, 6032 Sanborn House Hanover NH 03755 

The Leon D. Black Chair in Shakespearean Studies 155 

http://www.
dartmouth.edu/~english/ 

The Leon D. Black Chair in Shakespearean Studies 

Applications and nominations are invited for the Leon D. Black Chair in 
Shakespearean Studies, a tenured position in the Department of English 
at Dartmouth College. Candidates should be at least mid-level tenured 
associate professors or full professors. Since this is a chair in Shakespearean 
studies, a distinguished record of publication and teaching in the 
Shakespearean 
field is indispensable. Expertise in disciplinary or interdisciplinary 
areas not confined to Shakespeare studies will be welcomed. 

Applications will be received until December 15th, 2006. Short-listed 
candidates will not be interviewed at the MLA convention, but will be 
invited to visit the Dartmouth campus during the winter term. These 
candidates will be requested both to deliver a paper to the English Department 
and to teach a Shakespeare class or other agreed class to Dartmouth 
students. Please address applications to the Chair, Leon Black 
Search Committee, Department of English, HB 6032, Dartmouth College, 
Hanover, NH 03755. 

Dartmouth College is an equal opportunity /affirmative action employer, 
is strongly committed to diversity, and encourages applications from 
women and minorities. [R] 

Dartmouth C 

German Studies, 6084 Dartmouth Hall Hanover NH 03755 

Chair in the Digitial Humanities 75 

http://www.
dartmouth.edu 

Dartmouth College is pleased to announce the creation of a senior position 
in the Digital Humanities for a newly endowed Chair in innovative 
fields. The successful applicant should be committed to inter-disciplinary 
collaboration, technological innovation, and creating curricular links 
within the Humanities and across divisions. The position offers the opportunity 
to def ine a new area of research and teaching, building on 
Dartmouth’s existing strengths in the Humanities and Computing. 

The field of research and teaching is open; we seek candidates with practical 
and/or 
theoretical expertise in one or several of the following disciplines 
in the Arts and the Humanities: visual arts, screen studies, new 
media, performance arts, music and sound, film, TV/Video, 
and literature. 
Expertise in computer hardware and/or 
software will be welcome 
but is not essential. 

The role of the Chair in Digital Humanities is intended to be broad in 
scope, potentially incorporating current or future initiatives in cyber-culture 
and the creation, performance, and critical study of digital arts, including 
a consideration of the socio-political and theoretical implications 
of new artistic technologies. The endowment for this Chair provides additional 
funds for projects involving research and teaching in the Digital Humanities. 
The successful candidate will be located in a single Dartmouth 
department or program, or jointly appointed to one or more departments 
or programs. Considerable flexibility exists regarding joint appointments, 
which may cross departmental or even divisional boundaries. 

One of the most diverse institutions of higher education in New England, 
Dartmouth College is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly 
interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including 
women, persons of color, persons with disabilities, and veterans. 

The Search Committee will begin reviewing applications after October 1, 
2006. Applications will be considered until the position is filled. 

Please send letter of application, CV, and the names of three references to: 
Gerd Gemünden, Chair Search Committee in Digital Humanities, Dept. 



of German Studie, 6084 Dartmouth Hall, Dartmouth College, Hanover, 
NH 03755 USA [R] 

Keene SC 

English, 229 Main Keene NH 03435 

English-Writing 838 

http://www.
keene.edu 

Assistant Professor of English. Keene State College invites applications for 
a tenure-track position beginning in fall 2007. The successful candidate 
will be expected to teach three 4-credit courses per semester. Courses in 
expository and nonfiction writing at all levels will be the primary responsibility. 
The successful candidate will have expertise in theories of writing 
and an interest in contributing to a growing writing minor. Opportunity 
to develop and further cross-disciplinary writing initiatives. For information 
about the English Department at Keene State College, please visit: 
http://academics.
keene.edu/english/ 


Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, Rhetoric and Composition, or Writing 
by August 1, 2007 required. Commitment to teaching, demonstrated ability 
and enthusiasm for teaching first-year writing and evidence of scholarship. 
Salary at the rank of Assistant Professor will be based on Collective 
Bargaining Unit Agreement, and was at $48,750 minimum for fall 2006. 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of 
recommendation by November 1, 2006 to: Dr. Mark C. Long, Chair, 
Department of English, FAC#21, c/o 
Office of Human Resource Management, 
Keene State College, 229 Main St., Keene, NH 034351604. 
Department representatives will be at the MLA annual convention in 
Philadelphia PA. 

Keene State College is a founding member of the Council of Public Liberal 
Arts Colleges, a national alliance of leading liberal arts colleges in the 
public sector. As an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer, 
Keene State College is engaged in an effort to build a community that 
reflects the diversity of society. [R] 

Saint Anselm C 

English, 100 Saint Anselm Dr Manchester NH 03102 

African American Literature Specialist 297 

http://www.
anselm.edu 

Saint Anselm College, a Catholic liberal arts college in the Benedictine 
tradition, invites applicants for a tenure-track position. Successful candidate 
will have a Ph.D. in literature and be supportive of the College’s 
Catholic mission. We seek an assistant professor to teach courses in African 
American literature; courses required in the major, including Introduction 
to Literary Studies and Senior Seminar; and courses in composition 
and Humanities. Experience in teaching literary theory a plus. Four-three 
teaching load. Commitment to undergraduate teaching and scholarship 
required. Begins Aug. 1, 2007. Send letter of application, vita, and current 
letters of recommendation to Dr. Landis K. Magnuson, Chair, Dept. of 
English, Saint Anselm College, 100 Saint Anselm Drive, Manchester, NH 
03102-1310. Will conduct preliminary interviews at the MLA conference, 
Philadelphia. Deadline: Postmarked by Nov. 11, 2006 or until position is 
filled. Saint Anselm College is an EOE. [R] 

U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Assistant Professor of English 59 

http://www.
unhjobs.com 

Tenure-track position: Assistant Professor of English with a specialty 
in Shakespeare. The 3/2 
teaching load includes upper and lower division 
offerings in Shakespeare and other early modern writers, broad 
literary surveys, and/or 
genre courses, as well as graduate teaching in 
Shakespeare. Ph.D. must be in hand by September 1, 2006. Applicants 
should send a letter, CV, dossier, dissertation abstract, writing sample, 
and stamped self-addressed envelope to: Shakespeare Search Committee, 
English Department, Hamilton Smith Hall, 95 Main Street, Durham, 
NH 03824-3574. Applications must be postmarked on or before 
November 3, 2006. The University seeks excellence through diversity 
among its administrators, faculty, staff, and students. The university 
prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, 
national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, 
veteran status, or marital status. Application by members of all 
underrepresented groups is encouraged [R] 

U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Assistant Professor in African American Literature and African American 
Studies 55 

http://www.
unhjobs.com 

Tenure-track position: Teaching responsibilities cover the full range, from 
introductory English and general education courses to specialized graduate 
courses. 3/2 
teaching load. Opportunities include work in the African 
American Studies minor. Ph.D. must be in hand by September 1, 2006. 
Applicants should send a letter, CV, dossier, dissertation abstract, writing 
sample, and stamped self-addressed envelope to: African American Search 
Committee, English Department, University of New Hampshire, Hamilton 
Smith Hall, 95 Main Street, Durham, NH 03824-3574. Applications 
must be postmarked on or before November 3, 2006. The University 
seeks excellence through diversity and strongly encourages women and 
minority candidates to apply. [R] 

New Jersey 

Bloomfield C 

Humanities Div, Bloomfield NJ 07003 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric/Composition 
and Coordinator of 1st-Year 
Writing and Analysis Program 669 

http://www.
bloomfield.edu 

The Bloomfield College Humanities Division invites applications for a 
tenure-track position beginning fall 2007 in Rhetoric and Composition 
that includes the coordination of our First-Year Writing and Analysis Program. 
Ideal candidates will have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition 
or related 
field, administrative experience, and a research plan in Composition 
and/or 
Writing Program Administration. Desirable secondary interests: 
developmental writing, assessment, WAC/WID. 
Teaching load: 2/2 
plus 
administrative duties. 

Please send letter, CV, official transcripts, and three recommendation letters 
to Paul Genega, Chair, Humanities Division, Bloomfield College, 
Bloomfield NJ 07003. Applications received by November 11, 2006 will 
receive full consideration. All applications will be acknowledged. Salary 
and benefits based on credentials and experience. 

Founded in 1868, Bloomfield College is an independent, four-year college 
of 2,000 students, offering programs in the liberal arts, sciences, and 
pre-professional studies. It is located 12 miles west of New York and enjoys 
commuter access to the city. The College has earned national recognition 
for its academic and co-curricular programs, its commitment to 
serve students from diverse backgrounds, and for its mission: to prepare 
students to attain academic, personal and professional excellence in a multicultural 
and global society. Bloomfield College is an equal opportunity 
employer 
that encourages applications from women and members of minority 
communities. [R] 



Rider U 

English, 2083 Lawrenceville Rd Lawrenceville NJ 08648 

Assistant Professor 236 

http://www.
rider.edu 

FACULTY-ENGLISH 

17th-century 
Literature 

The English Department at Rider University invites applications for a 
tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in 17th-century 
literature, starting Fall 2007. 

Candidates should have a PhD in English at the time of appointment. 
The successful candidate will teach six sections a year, which may include 
upper-level literature courses, 17th-century 
literature, Milton, core literature 
courses, and composition courses. Candidates should be committed 
to teaching and advising undergraduates. Position #: 245108. 

Send letter of application, vita, thesis/dissertation 
description, writing 
sample, and three letters of recommendation to: Manager of Employment, 
Rider University, 2083 Lawrenceville Road, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 or 
Jobs@rider.edu. Review of applications will begin November 1, 2006, 
and continue until position is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA convention. 

Rider University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national 
origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, handicap/disability, 
Vietnam-era/ 
disabled 
veteran status, or any other non-job related criteria. 

New Mexico 

New Mexico SU 

English, PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003 

Assistant Professor of Modern and Contemporary American Literature 
(tenure track) 978 

http://www.
nmsu.edu 

Specialization in Modern and Contemporary American Literature, an 
emphasis on poetry desired. Ph.D. and teaching experience required; 
publications preferred. All requirements for the Ph.D. completed by date 
of hire in August 2007. 

The Department of English offers the B.A. in English, the M.A. in English 
(with emphases in literature, pedagogy, and rhetoric and professional 
communication), the M.F.A. in Creative Writing, and the Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Professional Communication. All tenure-track faculty contribute 
to undergraduate and graduate programs in English and to the undergraduate 
general education program through courses in literature and writing. 

New Mexico State University is the only land-grant institution ranked by 
the Carnegie Foundation in the top research category, Research-Extensive, 
and classified as a Hispanic-serving by the federal government, with 
a minority enrollment over 48%. Home to the state’s NASA Space Grant 
Program, NMSU is located in Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, 
the farmlands of the Rio Grande Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an 
extension of the Rocky Mountain chain. 

Application screening begins November 10, 2006; position remains opens 
until f illed. Please send letter of application with current CV, writing 
sample, and dossier (with three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Andrew 
Wiget, Chair, Personnel Committee, Department of English, MSC 3E, 
Box 30001, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM 88003. 

NMSU is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
We encourage 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

New Mexico SU 

English, PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003 

Assistant Professor of American Cultural Studies (tenure track) 984 

http://www.
nmsu.edu 

Specialization in the Twentieth Century, an emphasis on film desired. 
Ph.D. and teaching experience required; publications preferred. All requirements 
for the Ph.D. completed by date of hire in August 2007. 

The Department of English offers the B.A. in English, the M.A. in English 
(with emphases in literature, pedagogy, and rhetoric and professional 
communication), the M.F.A. in Creative Writing, and the Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Professional Communication. All tenure-track faculty contribute 
to undergraduate and graduate programs in English and to the undergraduate 
general education program through courses in literature and writing. 

New Mexico State University is the only land-grant institution ranked by 
the Carnegie Foundation in the top research category, Research-Extensive, 
and classified as a Hispanic-serving by the federal government, with 
a minority enrollment over 48%. Home to the state’s NASA Space Grant 
Program, NMSU is located in Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, 
the farmlands of the Rio Grande Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an 
extension of the Rocky Mountain chain. 

Application screening begins November 10, 2006; position remains opens 
until f illed. Please send letter of application with current CV, writing 
sample, and dossier (with three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Andrew 
Wiget, Chair, Personnel Committee, Department of English, MSC 3E, 
Box 30001, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM 88003. 

NMSU is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
We encourage 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

New York 

Bard C 

Langs & Lit, Annandale-on-Hudson NY 12504 

Assistant Professor of English 197 

http://www.
bard.edu/academics/
programs/langlit/ 


The Division of Languages & Literature invites applicants for a tenuretrack 
appointment in Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature, with a 
strong focus either on the history of science or on globalization to begin 
fall 2007. PhD required. Candidates must be committed to undergraduate 
education as well as scholarly excellence. We seek a scholar-teacher 
who is flexible, intellectually curious, and attuned to the mission of the 
small liberal arts and sciences college. 3–2 teaching responsibilities include 
historically organized sequence courses for literature majors, upperlevel 
seminars in specialized topics, and regular participation in Bard’s 
First-Year Seminar program. Send letter of application and c.v. to: Mark 
Lambert, Chair, c/o 
Human Resources, PO Box 5000, Bard College, 
Annandale, NY 12504 by November 15. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Brooklyn C, CUNY 

English, 2900 Bedford Av Brooklyn NY 11210 

Assistant Professorships in Early Modern Studies 469 

http://www.
brooklyn.cuny.edu 

Two Assistant Professorships in Early Modern Studies, one with a focus 
in 16th-century 
literature—poetry, drama, and early fiction—and one 
with a specialization in Shakespeare, to teach electives, both in our undergraduate 
and masters program, composition, and Core Curriculum 
“upper-tier” courses. Candidates will have an interest in and knowledge 
of interdisciplinary and theoretical approaches to the field. Please send 
Curriculum Vitae, three (3) letters of recommendation and writing sample 
to: Michael T. Hewitt, Assistant Vice President for Human Resource 
Services, Brooklyn College, 2900 Bedford Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 
11210-2889. Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2006, 



and continue until positions are filled. AA/EO/
ADA/IRCA 
Employer. 
For additional information please see: http://www.
brooklyn.cuny.edu. 

C of Staten Island, CUNY 

English, Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island 
NY 10314 

African American Literature 1001 

http://www.
csi.cuny.edu 

The Department of English, Speech, and World Literature of The College 
of Staten Island, a senior college of The City University of New 
York, seeks candidates for an anticipated position of Assistant Professor 
African-American Literature, to begin September 2007. Required: PhD; 
expertise in African-American Literature; college teaching experience; a 
demonstrated commitment to teaching; and a strong record of research 
and publication. Ability to teach a broad range of material is desired. Responsibilities: 
teaching African-American literature courses in addition 
to other literature and freshman writing courses, performing department 
and college service, and engagement in an active and productive 
research agenda. The successful candidate will present credentials appropriate 
for appointment to the CUNY Graduate Center. Send a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, sample syllabi, a sample essay or dissertation 
chapter, and three letters of reference to: Professor Ellen Goldner, 
Chair, African-American Literature Search Committee, Department of 
English, Speech, and World Literature, College of Staten Island/CUNY, 
2800 Victory Blvd., Rm. 2S-218, Staten Island, NY 10314. EEO/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

C of Staten Island, CUNY 

English, Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island 
NY 10314 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 1020 

http://www.
csi.cuny.edu 

The English, Speech, and World Literature Department of the College of 
Staten Island, a senior college of The City University of The Department 
of English, Speech, and World Literature, of the College of Staten Island, 
a senior college of The City University of New York, seeks candidates 
for an anticipated position as Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature, 
to start September 2007. Required: PhD; college teaching experience; a 
demonstrated commitment to teaching; and a strong record of research 
and publication. Responsibilities include teaching literature courses on 
Chaucer and non-dramatic medieval genres including romance and lyric; 
teaching composition, literature surveys, and an interdisciplinary survey 
of medieval and early modern culture to non-majors; performing department 
and college service, and pursuing an active and productive research 
agenda. An interest in Germanic literature is desired. The successful candidate 
will present credentials appropriate for appointment to the CUNY 
Graduate Center. Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, sample 
syllabi, a sample essay or dissertation chapter, and three letters of reference 
to: Professor Blanford Parker, Chair, Medieval Literature Search Committee, 
Department of English, Speech, and World Literature, College of 
Staten Island/CUNY, 
2800 Victory Blvd., Room 2S-218, Staten Island, 
NY 10314. EEO/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

C of Staten Island, CUNY 

English, Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island 
NY 10314 

Assistant Professor of Asian and Middle-Eastern Literature 1011 

http://www.
csi.cuny.edu 

The English, Speech, and World Literature Department of the College 
of Staten Island, a senior college of The City University of New York, 
seeks candidates for the position of Assistant Professor of Asian and Middle 
Eastern Literature, to start September 2007. Responsibilities include 
teaching elective and required courses for majors, in addition to the other 
literautre and freshman writing courses, performing department and college 
service, and engagement in an active and productive research agenda. 
Qualifications: PhD required, expertise in pre-modern Asian (other than 
Chinese, Japanes and Korean) and or Middle-Eastern Literature; ability to 
teach a broad range of material, but in particular Islamic texts, in all levels 
of undergraduate and graduate literature courses, is desired; college teaching 
experience; a demonstrated commitment to teaching, and a strong record 
of research and publication. Send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, sample syllabi, a sample essay or dissertation chapter, and three letters 
of reference to: Professor Janet Ng Dudley, Chair, Asian and Middle 
Easter Literature Search Committee, Department of English, Speech, and 
World Literauture, College of STaten Island, 2800 Victory Blvd., Room 
2S-218, Staten Island, NY 10314. EEO/AD 
employer. 
[R] 

C of Staten Island, CUNY 

English, Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island 
NY 10314 

Assistant Professor of Queer Studies 1022 

http://www.
csi.cuny.edu 

The Department of English, Speech, and World Literature, of the College 
of Staten Island, a senior college of The City University of New 
York, seeks candidates for an anticipated position as Assistant Professor 
of Queer Studies, to start September 2007. Required: PhD; expertise in 
Queer Studies; college teaching experience; a demonstrated commitment 
to teaching; and a strong record of research and publication. The ability 
to teach Queer Studies through a broad range of literary, cultural, and 
theoretical perspectives and approaches is desired. Responsibilities include 
teaching literature courses and first-year writing courses, performing department 
and college service, and engagement in an active and productive 
research agenda. The successful candidate will present credentials appropriate 
for appointment to the CUNY Graduate Center. Send a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, sample syllabi, a sample essay or dissertation 
chapter, and three letters of reference to: Professor Cate Marvin, Chair, 
Queer Studies Search Committee, Department of English, Speech, and 
World Literature, College of Staten Island/CUNY, 
2800 Victory Blvd., 
Room 2S-218, Staten Island, NY 10314. EEO/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York 
NY 10027 

Assistant Professor of English and Comparative Literature 1040 

http://www.
columbia.edu/cu/
english 

The Department of English and Comparative Literature invites applications 
for an entry-level, tenure-track assistant professorship in the field of 
eighteenth-century 
British literature and culture. Ph.D. must be in hand 
by July 1, 2007. In addition to teaching in the area of expertise, the successful 
candidate will teach in Columbia’s core curriculum. Please send a 
cover letter, dissertation abstract, writing sample of 20 pages, and at least 
three letters of recommendation to Chair, Search Committee, Department 
of English and Comparative Literature, Columbia University, 602 
Philosophy Hall MC 4927, 1150 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY 
10027. Applications must be postmarked no later than November 1, 2006. 
Columbia University is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer, 
and women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Columbia U 

School of the Arts, Writing Division, 2960 Broadway, 415 Dodge Hall 
New York NY 10027 

Assistant Professor (Fiction) 127 

http://www.
columbia.edu/cu/
arts/writing 


Two positions in Fiction (Assistant Professor) 



The Writing Division at Columbia University’s School of the Arts seeks 
two fiction writers to teach graduate and undergraduate fiction workshops 
and seminars. Significant publications are required-at least one book with 
a nationally-recognized press-and a strong commitment to the teaching 
of writers must be in evidence. These are tenure-track positions with a 2/ 
2 
course load, and include responsibilities such as graduate fiction admissions 
and thesis advising. 

MFA or equivalent professional experience required. Experience teaching 
at the college level is preferred. 

Please submit cover letter, curriculum vita, and a list of references to: 

Chair, Writing Search Committee, 415 Dodge Hall, 2960 Broadway, Columbia 
University, Mail Code 1804, New York, New York 10027 

Review of applications will begin on 16 October 2006, and continue 
until the positions are filled. Columbia University is an Affirmative Action/
Equal 


Opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Assistant Professor in 20th-century 
American prose fiction 650 

http://www.
arts.cornell.edu/english 


The Cornell Department of English invites applications and nominations 
for a tenure-track assistant professorship in the field of twentieth-century 
American prose fiction. We have a special interest in the following areas: 
U.S. literary modernism; the novel after World War II; comparative 
American ethnic literatures; digital media and hypertext. Please send a 
letter of application, vita, dissertation abstract, dossier, and a writing sample 
of between 4000–8000 words to: Department of English, Twentieth- 
Century 
American Search Committee, 256 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell 
University, Ithaca, New York 14853-3201. Review of applications will 
begin on 15 October 2006. Deadline: 1 November 2006. Do not FAX 
applications, please. Cornell is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Employer 
[R] 

Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance/Early 
Modern literature 642 

http://www.
arts.cornell.edu/english 


The Cornell English Department invites applications and nominations for 
a tenure-track assistant professorship in Renaissance/Early 
Modern English 
literature. Please send a letter of application, vita, dissertation abstract, 
dossier, and a writing sample of between 4,000 and 8,000 words to: Department 
of English, Renaissance Search Committee, 256 Goldwin Smith 
Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. Review of applications 
will begin on 15 October 2006. Deadline: 1 November 2006. DO NOT 
fax applications, please. Cornell is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor, British Romantic Literature 739 

http://www.
fordham.edu/english 


The Fordham English Department invites applications for a full-time 
tenure-track assistant professorship in the field of British Romantic literature. 
The position is located at our Rose Hill (Bronx) campus. Please 
send letter and CV by 10 November to Romanticist Search Committee, 
Department of English, Fordham University, Bronx, NY 10458, attention: 
Sarah Zimmerman. Fordham is an independent, Catholic university 
in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from men and women of 
all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor, Twentieth-and Twenty-First-Century 
US Literature 742 

http://www.
fordham.edu/english 


The Fordham English Department invites applications for a full-time 
tenure-track assistant professorship in the field of twentieth-and twentyfirst-
century 
US literature, preferably with a subspecialty in US Latino/ 
Latina 
literature or film/performance 
studies. The position is located at 
our Rose Hill (Bronx) campus. Please send letter and CV by 10 November 
to Americanist Search Committee, Department of English, Fordham 
University, Bronx, NY 10458, attention: Stuart Sherman. Fordham is an 
independent, Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications 
from men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 

Hamilton C 

English, 198 College Hill Rd Clinton NY 13323 

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial Literature 237 

http://www.
hamilton.edu 

The Hamilton College Department of English invites applications for 
an entry-level tenure-track appointment in anglophone postcolonial literature. 
We will consider all applications; however, a specialization in the 
literatures of South Asia and the South Asian diaspora is particularly welcome. 
The position begins on July 1, 2007. Teaching load is five courses 
annually: a section of introduction to literary study, a genre course (the 
novel, poetry, or drama), and advanced courses, including a senior seminar. 
Ph.D. by August 2007 preferred. Hamilton is a liberal arts college 
that values excellence in teaching and in scholarly publication. Extensive 
support for faculty research, including start-up funding, is available. 
Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. 
Please send vita and a letter of application describing teaching philosophy 
and focus of research by October 27, 2006 to Catherine Gunther Kodat, 
Postcolonial Search Committee, Department of English, Hamilton College, 
198 College Hill Road, Clinton, NY 13323. Hamilton is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to diversity in 
all areas of the campus community. Hamilton provides domestic partner 
benefits. [R] 

Ithaca C 

English, 953 Danby Rd, 309 Muller Faculty Ctr Ithaca NY 14850 

Assistant Professor 221 

http://icjobs.
org 

Ithaca Colleges Department of English has an opening for a full-time, 
tenure-eligible position in African-American literature, to begin August 
15, 2007. Successful candidate will also have the opportunity to teach 
courses in multicultural literature to graduate students in MAT program. 
Qualifications: Teaching experience and PhD in English or related field 
required; however, ABD candidates will be considered with evidence of 
significant progress towards completion of the degree. Visit our website 
www.icjobs.org for more information and to apply. The College is committed 
to building a culturally diverse educational environment. Applicants 
are requested to include in their cover letter information about how 
they will further this goal. Questions about online application, call (607) 
274-1207. Interviews will be held at the MLA Convention in Philadelphia 
(December 27 30, 2006). 

Ithaca College is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Members of underrepresented groups (including people of color, persons 
with disabilities, military veterans and women) are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 



LeMoyne C 

English, 1419 Salt Springs Rd Syracuse NY 13214 

Assistant Professor of English 862 

http://lemoyne.
edu 

Le Moyne College seeks an Assistant Professor to serve in its Communication 
program. This is a tenure-track position in journalism that will 
begin in Fall 2007. Primary teaching responsibilities will include Basic 
Journalistic Skills, Magazine Article Writing, and Advanced Journalism; 
secondary teaching areas might include mass media and society, media 
studies, non-fiction writing or interdisciplinary studies. Other duties will 
include advising and mentoring Communication majors. The successful 
candidate will teach three courses per semester. 

Ph.D. in hand by Fall 2007 or master’s plus substantial experience in 
journalism is required. Applicants should demonstrate strong evidence 
of effective teaching and potential for scholarship. Please send curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference, and a portfolio of journalistic work to 
Prof. Michael Streissguth, Department of English in care of Human Resources, 
Le Moyne College, 1419 Salt Springs Road, Syracuse, NY 13214- 
1399. Materials may also be submitted electronically to lemoynehr@ 
lemoyne.edu. Materials must be received by November 15, 2006. We will 
conduct interviews at the MLA convention in Philadelphia in December. 
Le Moyne College, an equal opportunity employer, 
encourages women, 
persons of color, and Jesuits to apply for employment. 

Long Island U 

English, 720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548 

Assistant Professor of English 412 

http://www.
cwpost.liu.edu/cwis/
cwp/clas/
english/english.
htm 

Probable tenure-line asst. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. 
Field: One or both of the following: 1. Literature, theory, and philosophy, 
or 2. Post-Colonial literature with a focus on Africa or Asia. Candidates 
should have an ability to teach a range of courses in literature, including 
Core survey courses in Western literature. Scholarly publications required. 
To begin September 2007. Salary and teaching load: competitive. 
E-mail applications preferred and acknowledged by return e-mail; surface 
mail applications acknowledged if return postcard is provided. By 01 November 
2006, send cover letter and CV to Edmund Miller, Chair. Please 
do not send copies of publications or letters of reference at this time. Interviews 
at MLA Convention. edmund.miller@liu.edu 

Nazareth C of Rochester 

English, 4245 East Av Rochester NY 14618 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in World Literature 901 

http://www.
naz.edu 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track. Seeking a Ph.D. in African and/or 
Caribbean 
Literature for position within the English Department. In addition 
to courses in the applicants specialty areas, teaching responsibilities 
will include World Literature surveys and other major requirements, plus 
a half-load of writing courses (including College Writing, a critical writing 
course required of first-year students). The successful candidate will 
help the Department expand and implement a recently reconfigured literature 
major that includes a substantial world literature component. College-
level teaching experience, scholarly promise, and evidence of interest 
in curricular and program development will enhance candidacy. Interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA Convention. 

Nazareth College is a thriving, independent, co-educational institution 
with 2,000 undergraduate and 1,200 graduate students. The college is 
located minutes from downtown Rochester, noted for its internationally 
recognized industries and museums, and for its cultural diversity. Nazareth 
College seeks individuals with an understanding of the benefits and 
importance of ethnic and racial diversity on campus and demonstrated 
commitment to the promotion of such diversity. EOE/AA. 


Letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
by November 10 to Adrielle Mitchell, English Department, Nazareth 
College, 4245 East Avenue, Rochester, NY 14618-3790. [R] 

Nazareth C of Rochester 

English, 4245 East Av Rochester NY 14618 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Journalism 879 

http://www.
naz.edu 

PhD in Journalism, Communication, or Rhetoric to support a new program 
in Communication and Rhetoric within the English Department, 
particularly in the areas of print journalism and writing for the media. 
Teaching duties include undergraduate courses in journalism, feature 
writing, editing, writing for publication, and rhetoric and/or 
first-year 
writing. Successful candidate will have college-level teaching experience, 
a strong record of journalism publication, professional experience in several 
of the above fields, an interest in working with students and staff to 
produce a campus newspaper (with course release time), and an educational 
philosophy consistent with the values of a liberal arts institution. 
Interviews will be conducted at the MLA Convention. Letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation by November 
10 to Dr. Joseph Viera, Associate Professor of English, Nazareth 
College, 4245 East Avenue, Rochester, NY, 14618-3790. 

Nazareth College is a thriving, independent, co-educational institution 
with 2,000 undergraduate and 1,200 graduate students. The college is 
located minutes from downtown Rochester, noted for its internationally 
recognized industries and museums, and for its cultural diversity. Nazareth 
College seeks individuals with an understanding of the benefits and 
importance of ethnic and racial diversity on campus and demonstrated 
commitment to the promotion of such diversity. EOE/AA. 
[R] 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 268 

http://qcpages.
qc.cuny.edu/ENGLISH/ 


We seek applicants for a tenure-track position with specialization in Children’s 
and Young Adult Literature. Candidates should be well-grounded 
in the history of Children’s Literature and able to teach undergraduate 
surveys as well as graduate seminars in Children’s Literature. Area of specialization 
within Children’s Literature open. Continued research and 
publication expected. PhD required as well as demonstrated excellence 
in scholarship and teaching. Salary range $38,001-$66,292 commensurate 
with experience. Excellent benefits. Please send letter of application, vita, 
and dossier by December 1, 2006 to Nancy R. Comley, Chair, Department 
of English, Queens College CUNY, Flushing, NY 11367. 

AA/EOE/
IRCA/ADA 
[R] 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 455 

http://qcpages.
qc.cuny.edu/ENGLISH/ 


We seek applicants with training in rhetoric and composition and with 
demonstrated expertise in another area for a tenure-track position. Responsibilities 
include assisting the Director of Composition; teaching 
graduate courses in theory and pedagogy; and undergraduate courses in 
writing or literature. Continued research and publication expected. PhD 
required at time of appointment, as well as demonstrated excellence in 
scholarship and teaching. Salary range $38,001-$66,292 commensurate 
with experience. Excellent benef its. Please send letter of application, 
vita, and dossier with at least three current letters by December 1, 2006 
to Nancy. R. Comley, Chair, Department of English, Queens College, 
CUNY, Flushing, NY 11367. AA/EOE/
IRCA/ADA 
[R] 



Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 270 

http://qcpages.
qc.cuny.edu/ENGLISH/ 


We seek applicants for a tenure-track position with specialization in British 
Literature of the 16th-17th centuries with an emphasis on poetry. 
Candidates should be well-grounded in the history and practice of British 
poetry, and able to teach undergraduate surveys as well as graduate 
seminars. Continued research and publication expected. PhD required 
at time of appointment as well as demonstrated excellence in scholarship 
and teaching. Salary range $38,001-$66,292 commensurate with experience. 
Excellent benefits. Please send letter of application, vita, and dossier 
by December 1, 2006 to Nancy R. Comley, Chair, Department of English, 
Queens College, CUNY, Flushing, NY 11367. AA/EOE/
IRCA/ 
ADA 
[R] 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 269 

http://qcpages.
qc.cuny.edu/ENGLISH/ 


We seek applicants for a tenure-track position with specializations in 
transnational and comparativist approaches to post-World War II American 
Literatures and Cultures. We have a particular interest in candidates 
specializing in African-American literature, Asian-American literature, 
or Latina/Latino 
literature. Continued research and publication expected. 
PhD required as well as demonstrated excellence in scholarship 
and teaching. Salary range $38,001-$66,292 commensurate with experience. 
Excellent benefits. Please send letter of application, vita, and dossier 
by December 1, 2006 to Nancy R. Comley, Chair, Department of English, 
Queens College CUNY, Flushing, NY 11367. AA/EOE/
IRCA/ 
ADA 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor 679 

http://www.
albany.edu/english/ 


The Department of English of the University at Albany (SUNY) invites 
applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor nineteenth-to early 
twentieth-century 
British literature and culture, with preferred concentration 
or additional strength in post-colonial and/or 
transnational 
studies. 

Evidence of successful teaching and significant scholarly potential is expected. 
Candidates should also have a demonstrated ability to work 
with and instruct a culturally diverse group of people. Ph.D. by time of 
employment 
from a college or university accredited by a U.S. Department 
of Education internationally recognized accrediting organization is 
required. This position is subject to budgetary approval. 

Send letter of application, c.v., dossier of letters of reference, and a writing 
sample of no more than 30 pages, postmarked by November 10, 2006. 
Apply to Professor Randall Craig, English Department, HU 333, University 
at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. 

The University at Albany is an EO/AA/
IRCA/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor 691 

http://www.
albany.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University at Albany (SUNY) invites 
applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in eighteenth to early 
twentieth-century 
American literature and culture. 

Evidence of successful teaching and significant scholarly potential is expected. 
Applicants must address in their applications their abilities to work 
with and instruct a culturally diverse population. Ph.D. by time of employment 
from a college or university accredited by a U.S. Department of 
Education internationally recognized accrediting organization is required. 
This position is subject to budgetary approval. 

Send letter of application, c.v., dossier of letters of reference, and a writing 
sample of no more than 30 pages, postmarked by November 10, 2006. 
Apply to Professor Don Bryd, English Department, HU 333, The University 
at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. The 
University at Albany is an EO/AA/
IRCA/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor 699 

http://www.
albany.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University at Albany (SUNY) invites 
applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in the area of twentieth-
century 
American literature and culture. Desired areas of emphasis 
include African-American and/or 
comparative U.S. ethnic studies. 

Evidence of successful teaching and significant scholarly potential is expected. 
Applicants must address in their applications their abilities to work 
with and instruct a culturally diverse population. Ph.D. by time of employment 
from a college or university accredited by a U.S. Department of 
Education internationally recognized accrediting organization is required. 
This position is subject to budgetary approval. 

Send letter of application, c.v., dossier of letters of reference, and a writing 
sample of no more than 30 pages, postmarked by November 10, 2006. 
Apply to Professor Don Bryd, English Department, HU 333, The University 
at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. The 
University at Albany is an EO/AA/
IRCA/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor, Twentieth-Century 
British Literature and Drama 392 

http://www.
brockport.edu/English 


Beginning August 2007, tenure-track. Duties include teaching three 
courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), regular publication, 
advisement of majors, service to the department and college, and 
direction of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English; a record of teaching 
success; a record of scholarship in Twentieth-Century 
British Literature, 
with expertise in Drama; evidence of potential for continued publication; 
and potential for increasing the diversity of the curriculum, student body 
or faculty through teaching/mentoring 
or research activities. SUNY 
Brockport is a comprehensive college of approximately 9,000 students located 
in the village of Brockport on the Erie Canal, minutes from the 
city of Rochester. English is a dynamic and productive department of 17 
full-time and 15 part-time faculty with almost 400 majors, an active creative 
writing program, and an MA program. Please apply online at www 
.brockportrecruit.org. Applicants are encouraged to apply by October 31 
for early consideration; we will continue accepting applications until the 
position is filled. Search is contingent on final budgetary approval. SUNY 
Brockport is an EOE/AAE. 
[R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor, American Literature and Culture 1945 to the Present 391 

http://www.
brockport.edu/English 


Beginning August 2007, tenure-track. Duties include teaching three 
courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), regular publication, 
advisement of majors, service to the department and college, and direction 
of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English; a record of teaching suc



cess; a record of scholarship in American Literature and Culture 1945 to 
the present; evidence of potential for continued publication; and potential 
for increasing the diversity of the curriculum, student body or faculty 
through teaching/mentoring 
or research activities. SUNY Brockport is a 
comprehensive college of approximately 9,000 students located in the village 
of Brockport on the Erie Canal, minutes from the city of Rochester. 
English is a dynamic and productive department of 17 full-time and 15 
part-time faculty with almost 400 majors, an active creative writing program, 
and an MA program. Please Please apply online at www.brockportrecruit.
org. Applicants are encouraged to apply by October 31 for early 
consideration; we will continue accepting applications until the position 
is filled. Search is contingent on final budgetary approval. SUNY Brockport 
is an EOE/AAE. 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Associate or Full Professor of American literature 361 

http://english.
buffalo.edu 

The English Department at the University at Buffalo (SUNY) invites 
applications for a tenured position in twentieth-century 
American prose 
(1900–1950), at the rank of Associate or Full Professor, to begin in August 
2007. Deadline: November 1, 2006. Please send a letter of application, 
CV, and names of three referees to Carrie Tirado Bramen, Search Committee, 
English Department, 306 Clemens Hall, SUNY/Buffalo, 
Buffalo, 
NY 14260. The University at Buffalo is an Equal Opportunity Employer/ 
Recruiter. 
[R] 

SU of New York, C at Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor of pre-20th-century 
American literature 627 

http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm 

Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor in pre-20th-century 
American 
literature, beginning Fall 2007. Preference will be given to candidates 
who can teach in multiple periods/genres 
of pre-20th-century 
American 
literature. Candidates demonstrating ability to contribute courses 
beyond their primary area of specialization for an undergraduate major 
with a strong world literature emphasis are especially welcome. Preparation 
to contribute courses in the history of literary criticism and theory 
also welcome. Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Review of applications 
begins October 16, 2006; preliminary interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA. Refer to the Human Resources website at SUNY 
Fredonia for details about the position and required application materials 
(http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm). SUNY Fredonia 
is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
We actively seek 
and encourage applications from minorities, women, and people with 
disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor of English Education 629 

http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm 

Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor in English Education, beginning 
Fall 2007. Preference will be given to candidates with a specialization 
in adolescent literacy to teach courses in pedagogy for the English 
Adolescence Education major and contribute to a master-s-level graduate 
program. Areas for consideration include: multi-literacies; performance 
or portfolio-based assessment; learning theory; literacy development; 
technology and writing. Ph.D. or Ed.D. in English, English Education, 
Composition/Rhetoric 
or related field required at time of appointment. 
Applications from experienced teachers are encouraged. Review of applications 
begins October 4, 2006; preliminary interviews will be conducted 
at the NCTE. Refer to the Human Resources website at SUNY 
Fredonia for details about the position and required application materials 
(http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm). SUNY Fredonia 
is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity emlployer. We actively seek 
and encourage applications from minorities, women, and people with 
disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York 

English JFT 714, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Contemporary British and American Literature 385 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu 

Assistant Professor of Contemporary British and American Literature specializing 
in British Caribbean literature, African-American literature, or 
drama. PhD in English (or ABD with degree conferral no later than 8/ 
07). 
In addition to undergraduate and graduate courses in contemporary 
literature, the successful candidate will teach Part II of an undergraduate 
English literature survey. We seek candidates with a strong commitment 
to excellent teaching and serious scholarship. Please send letter, vita, 
graduate transcripts (off icial transcripts are not required at this point), 
three letters of recommendation, writing sample (chapter or article), and 
one-page statement of teaching philosophy by October 1 to Stella Deen, 
Chair, Contemporary Literature Search, SUNY New Paltz, English Department, 
600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY, 12561-2440. Please refer to 
search # F06–15. AA/EOE/
ADA [R] 

SU of New York 

English JFT 714, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 386 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu 

PhD in English with specialization in Composition and Rhetoric/ 
Composition 
Studies and secondary area of expertise in literary theory or 
linguistics. Candidates should have training and experience in the teaching 
of college writing. We seek candidates with a strong commitment to 
excellent teaching and serious scholarship. Administrative experience is 
also desirable. Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts, three letters 
of recommendation, writing sample (chapter or article), one-page statement 
of teaching philosophy, and sample syllabi by October 1 to Pauline 
Uchmanowicz, Chair, Composition Search, English Department, SUNY 
New Paltz, New Paltz, NY, 12561. Please refer to search # F06–02. AA/ 
EOE/
ADA [R] 

SU of New York 

English JFT 714, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 389 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu 

PhD in English with specialization in Renaissance studies (or ABD with 
degree conferral no later than 8/07). 
Primary teaching responsibilities include 
advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in Shakespeare, part 
I of an undergraduate English literature survey (Beowulf through Milton), 
and periodic non-Shakespearean offerings. We seek candidates with 
a strong commitment to excellent teaching and serious scholarship. Please 
send letter, vita, graduate transcripts (official transcripts are not required 
at this point), three letters of recommendation, writing sample (chapter or 
article), and one-page statement of teaching philosophy by November 1 to 
Thomas Olsen, Chair, Shakespeare Search, English Department, SUNY 
New Paltz, New Paltz, NY, 12561. Please refer to search # F06–03. AA/ 
EOE/
ADA [R] 



SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU 

English, 101 Broad St Plattsburgh NY 12901 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 830 

http://www.
plattsburgh.edu 

The State University of New York, College at Plattsburgh invites applications 
for a full-time, tenure track Assistant Professor position in Creative 
Writing, Fiction, to begin Fall 2007. 

Qualifications: M.F.A. and/or 
Ph.D. in Writing; significant publication 
in fiction, preferably a collection of short stories or novel; evidence of potential 
for continued publication; record of successful college teaching are 
required. Secondary teaching interests considered and should be included 
in the cover letter. 

Responsibilities: 3/3 
teaching load includes core courses for writing 
majors; general education literature courses; upper division fiction 
writing courses. Commitment to university service is required. Active 
involvement in developing the writing option, mentoring student writers, 
working with the Z-Platt student publication, and sharing editorial 
responsibilities of Saranac Review, the Department’s literary journal. 
SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity. 

Review of applications begins November 10 and continues until the position 
is filled. Original transcripts will be required prior to the start of 
employment. Please submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, writing sample, 
and three letters of reference to: Chair, Search Committee (PJ # 4736- 
MLA), c/o 
Human Resource Services, SUNY Plattsburgh, 101 Broad 
Street, Plattsburgh, NY 12901-2681. [R] 

SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU 

English, 101 Broad St Plattsburgh NY 12901 

Assistant Professor, English Education/Language 
Arts 832 

http://www.
plattsburgh.edu 

The English Department of the State University of New York College 
at Plattsburgh invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position in English Education/Language 
Arts for Fall 2007. Our 
program in English Language Arts is one of three study options in the 
English Department. We offer a strong foundation in the content area of 
English with a focus in Education and innovative English Language Arts 
methodology for the preparation of Adolescence Education teachers. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. or Ed.D. in English or English Education awarded 
by August 2007. Publication or promise of sustained scholarly activity and 
commitment to university service are required. Evidence of successful 
college and/or 
secondary school teaching will be highly regarded. Teaching 
interests outside of specialization will be considered and should be 
included in the cover letter. Familiarity with national accreditation standards 
is a plus. 

Responsibilities: 3/3 
teaching load includes courses from the following 
areas: methods in teaching composition, literature, and language arts; 
composition/writing; 
general education; core curriculum in the major; 
and upper-division literature. 

SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity. 

Review of applications begins November 10 and continues until the position 
is filled. Original transcripts will be required prior to the start of 
employment. Please submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, writing sample, 
and three letters of reference to: Chair, Search Committee (PJ # 4737- 
MLA), c/o 
Human Resource Services, SUNY Plattsburgh, 101 Broad 
Street, Plattsburgh, NY 12901-2681. [R] 

SU of New York 

English, Stony Brook NY 11794 

Distinguished Scholar of English 558 

http://www.
stonybrook.edu/cjo 


Stony Brook University’s Department of English is accepting applications 
for the following faculty position: 

Distinguished Scholar of English or an accomplished writer: If a scholar, 
the appointment will be regardless of field. If a writer, he or she should 
have a strong interest in literary studies. Salary and course load will be appropriate 
to a distinguished hire. 

The Distinguished Scholar search will be open until filled. 

To apply, send cover letter and CV to: Stephen Spector, Chair, Department 
of English, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5350. 
Fax: (631) 632-7568. 

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Visit www.stonybrook 
.edu/cjo 
for employment information. 

SU of New York 

English, Stony Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor of English 967 

http://www.
stonybrook.edu/cjo 


Stony Brook University’s Department of English is accepting applications 
for the following faculty position: 

Assistant Professor of English: Tenure-track position in multiethnic literature. 
Required: Candidates principal scholarship should be in AfricanAmerican, 
AsianAmerican, or Latino/a 
literature. Ph.D. in or at hand by 
September 1, 2007. 

The deadline for applications is November 1, 2006. 

To apply, send cover letter and CV to: Stephen Spector, Chair, Department 
of English, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5350. 
Fax: (631) 632-7568. 

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Visit www.stonybrook 
.edu/cjo 
for employment information. 

SU of New York 

English, Stony Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor of English 972 

http://www.
stonybrook.edu/cjo 


Stony Brook University’s Department of English is accepting applications 
for the following faculty position: 

Assistant Professor of English: Tenure-track position in Early Modern 
English literature. Required: Ph.D. in or at hand by September 1, 2007. 
Ability to teach History of the English Language a plus. 

The deadline for applications is November 1, 2006. 

To apply, send cover letter and CV to: Stephen Spector, Chair, Department 
of English, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5350. 
Fax: (631) 632-7568. 

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Visit www.stonybrook 
.edu/cjo 
for employment information. 

Saint Lawrence U 

English, Romoda Dr Canton NY 13617 

St. Lawrence University: One Year Visiting Position in Early Modern British 
Literature 851 

http://www.
stlawu.edu 

St. Lawrence University invites applications for a one year visiting position 
in early modern literature with an emphasis on Shakespeare and 



early modern English drama. PhD required. Normal teaching load is 
three courses per semester. We encourage applications from candidates 
who bring diverse cultural, ethnic, theoretical, and national perspectives 
to bear on their writing and teaching. The successful candidate will join 
a department with a commitment to excellence in teaching and to a program 
founded upon strong ties between the practice of creative expression 
and the study of literature. Candidates should demonstrate a potential 
for excellence in the teaching of early modern British literature with the 
capacity to teach literature courses drawing upon knowledge of poetics 
and cultural studies. Please send a letter of application, a vita, and sample 
syllabi for two relevant courses to Early Modern British Literature Search 
Committee, Department of English, St. Lawrence University, Canton, 
NY 13617. Completed applications should be received by November 1, 
2006. Applications received after this date will be reviewed as needed. 
We will be interviewing candidates at the MLA Convention. 

St. Lawrence University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Employment 
Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. See http://www.
stlawu.edu for more 
information. [R] 

Saint Lawrence U 

English, Romoda Dr Canton NY 13617 

St. Lawrence University: Tenure Track Position in Creative Non-Fiction 847 

http://www.
stlawu.edu/ 

Tenure-track opening at the assistant professor level for a specialist in creative 
non-fiction writing starting fall 2007. Applicant should be a published 
writer with experience teaching creative nonfiction writing at the 
undergraduate level. MFA or PhD with emphasis on creative writing 
required. A secondary competence in teaching poetry, journalism, fiction, 
or screenwriting strongly preferred. Normal teaching load is three 
courses per semester. We encourage applications from candidates who 
bring diverse cultural, ethnic, theoretical, and national perspectives to 
bear on their writing and teaching. The successful candidate will join a 
department with a commitment to excellence in teaching and to a program 
founded upon strong ties between the practice of creative expression 
and the study of literature. Candidates should demonstrate a potential for 
excellence in the teaching of creative writing with the capacity to teach 
literature classes in their genres; application letters should also speak to 
secondary interests, especially those linking creative writing to other 
arts or literatures. The individual in this position will also be encouraged 
eventually to teach in the university’s interdisciplinary, team-taught general 
education course required of first-year students. Please send a letter 
of application, a vita, and sample syllabi for two relevant courses to Creative 
Non-Fiction Search Committee, Department of English, St. Lawrence 
University, Canton, NY 13617. Completed applications should be 
received by November 1, 2006. Applications received after this date will 
be reviewed as needed. We will be interviewing candidates at the MLA 
Convention. 

St. Lawrence University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Employment 
Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. See http://www.
stlawu.edu for more 
information. [R] 

Saint Lawrence U 

English, Romoda Dr Canton NY 13617 

St. Lawrence University: One Year Visiting Position in Early American 
Literature 854 

http://www.
stlawu.edu 

One year leave replacement position in 19th century American literature, 
with primary or secondary interests in minority American literatures. 
Three course load per semester: two surveys of early American literature, 
at least one advanced course in early American literature, and remaining 
courses in the instructors area(s) of specialization. Preference given 
to candidates with Ph.D. in hand, teaching experience, and those who 
bring diverse cultural, ethnic, theoretical, and national perspectives to 
their writing and teaching. The successful candidate will join a department 
with a commitment to excellence in teaching and to a program 
founded upon strong ties between the study of literature and the practice 
of creative expression. Please send a letter of application, a vita, and sample 
syllabi for two relevant courses to American Literature Search Committee, 
Department of English, St. Lawrence University, Canton, NY 13617. 
Completed applications should be received by November 1, 2006. Applications 
received after this date will be reviewed as needed. We will be 
interviewing candidates at the MLA Convention. 

St. Lawrence University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Employment 
Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. See http://www.
stlawu.edu for more 
information. [R] 

Sarah Lawrence C 

Literature, 1 Mead Way Bronxville NY 10708 

African-American & African Literatures 135 

Sarah Lawrence College announces a new full-time, tenure-track opening 
in African-American and African Literatures beginning Fall 2007. 
Sarah Lawrence is a small liberal arts college based on the seminar-tutorial 
system and the position entails teaching undergraduates in seminar-
style classes and directing their independent projects. Requirements 
include demonstrated teaching ability and active engagement with current 
intellectual developments in African-American and African literatures. 
Research can center in African-American or African literatures, but 
the candidate must be able to teach in both areas. 

Interested applicants should have the Ph.D. in hand by August, 2007 and 
should send a dossier including letter of interest, curriculum vitae, two 
syllabi for possible courses and three letters of recommendation to: African-
American and African Literatures Search Committee, c/o 
Rosemary 
Weeks, Sarah Lawrence College, 1 Mead Way, Bronxville, NY 10708. 
The application deadline is November 1, 2006. Some interviews may be 
conducted at the Annual Meeting of the African Studies Association, November 
16–19, 2006 in San Francisco, CA. Please advise in your letter if 
plan to attend that meeting. 

For information on Sarah Lawrence College, our curriculum, teaching 
methods, and philosophy of education, please see our web site at http:// 
www.
slc.edu. EOE; women and minorities encouraged to apply. [R] 

Skidmore C 

English, 815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866 

Assistant Professor 159 

http://www.
skidmore.edu 

The Department of English at Skidmore College invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in Shakespeare to 
begin September, 2007. The successful candidate will be prepared to teach 
Shakespeare at the intermediate and advanced levels; will demonstrate an 
ability and willingness to oversee independent student work and senior 
theses; and will demonstrate excellence in both teaching and scholarship. 
Teaching load of five courses/year 
includes one section of a theme-based 
expository writing seminar each semester. Faculty in the English department 
are encouraged to contribute to Skidmores First Year Experience, 
womens studies, law and society, environmental studies, and other interdisciplinary 
programs. Doctorate expected by June 2007. Send cover letter 
and vita with names of at least three references to Prof. Linda Simon, 
Chair, Department of English, Skidmore College, 815 North Broadway, 
Saratoga Springs, NY 12866. Review of applications begins on October 
15. All applications will be acknowledged; interviews will be held at 
MLA convention. 

Skidmore College is committed to being an inclusive campus community 
and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
does not discriminate in its 
hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, 



color, national origin, religion, age, disability, family or marital status, or 
sexual orientation. [R] 

Union C 

English, Schenectady NY 12308 

Rank Open: 108 

http://www.
union.edu/ 

Tenure Track, Rank and Salary Open, African American Literature. PhD 
by Fall ‘07 required. The candidate will teach in the English Department 
and contribute to the interdisciplinary Program in Africana Studies. Applicants 
must be committed to both excellent teaching and publication. 
2–2-2 load in trimester system. First year course reduction. Courses to 
include classes in African American literature, the college’s introductory 
freshman course, the department’s introduction to fiction or poetry. Senior 
level candidates will be considered for the Directorship of the Program 
in Africana Studies. Send letter of application outlining experience, 
areas of teaching interest, and publications, as well as CV, dossier, and 
writing sample by November 10 to Harry Marten, Chair, English Department, 
Union College, 807 Union Street, Schenectady, NY 12308. 
Union College is an equal opportunity employer 
and is strongly committed 
to student and workforce diversity. [R] 

Union C 

English, Schenectady NY 12308 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 109 

http://www.
union.edu/ 

Three-year Visiting Assistant Professor, Irish Literature. PhD by Fall ‘07 
required. Applicants must be committed to both excellent teaching and 
publication. 2–2-2 load in trimester system. Courses to include classes in 
Irish literature, the college’s introductory freshman course, the department’s 
introduction to fiction or poetry. Send letter of application outlining 
experience, areas of teaching interest, and publications, as well as CV, 
dossier, and writing sample, by November 10 to Harry Marten, Chair, 
English Department, Union College, 807 Union Street, Schenectady, NY 
12308. Union College is an equal opportunity employer 
and is strongly 
committed to student and workforce diversity. [R] 

Vassar C 

English, 124 Raymond Av, Box 744 Poughkeepsie NY 12604 

Assistant Professor of English 1016 

http://english.
vassar.edu/ 

We invite applications from candidates with the Ph.D. in hand and a specialization 
in Asian-American literatures and cultures. Particularly attractive 
to us will be candidates who combine an interest in Asian-American 
literatures and cultures with a multi-disciplinary approach or specialty, 
such as border theory, diaspora studies, environmental studies, media studies, 
popular culture, or urban studies. Vassar College is an equal opportunity/
affirmative 
action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to 
diversity within its community. Applications from members of historically 
underrepresented groups are especially encouraged. Please send a letter of 
interest, c.v., brief writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
by November 22 to Robert DeMaria, Jr., Chair, Department of English, 
Box 744 Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, NY 12604-0744. 

Vassar is a highly competitive liberal arts college of about 2400 undergraduates, 
and no graduate students, located seventy-five miles north of 
New York City. Faculty are expected to teach broadly in the curricula of 
their departments; advise students; and serve on college-wide and departmental 
committees. All members of the English department participate 
in teaching introductory courses; many contribute to the staffing of the 
team-taught, year-long required course on British and American literature 
from the beginnings to the early twentieth century, and many teach 
courses in writing poetry, fiction, or non-fictional prose. Classes are small, 
and the teaching load is 3/2. 
The College maintains a generous leave policy, 
which includes untenured faculty, and it provides strong support for 
research. It also provides faculty with rich opportunities to teach singly 
or as part of a team in its many multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary 
programs, such as American Culture, Africana Studies, Asian Studies, Environmental 
Studies, Media Studies, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 
Urban Studies, and Women’s Studies. [R] 

Vassar C 

English, 124 Raymond Av, Box 744 Poughkeepsie NY 12604 

Assistant Professor of English 1019 

http://english.
vassar.edu/ 

We invite applications from candidates with the Ph.D. in hand and a 
specialization in medieval literature. Teaching responsibilities at Vassar 
will include courses in Chaucer and other fourteenth-century 
British 
literature. Particularly attractive to us will be candidates who combine 
an interest in medieval British literature and cultures with a multi-disciplinary 
approach or specialty, such as medieval Islamic or Jewish cultures. 
Vassar College is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 
Applications from members of historically underrepresented groups are 
especially encouraged. Please send a letter of interest, c.v., brief writing 
sample, and three letters of recommendation by November 22 to Robert 
DeMaria, Jr., Chair, Department of English, Box 744 Vassar College, 
Poughkeepsie, NY 12604-0744. 

Vassar is a highly competitive liberal arts college of about 2400 undergraduates, 
and no graduate students, located seventy-five miles north of 
New York City. Faculty are expected to teach broadly in the curricula of 
their departments; advise students; and serve on college-wide and departmental 
committees. All members of the English department participate 
in teaching introductory courses; many contribute to the staffing of the 
team-taught, year-long required course on British and American literature 
from the beginnings to the early twentieth century, and many teach 
courses in writing poetry, fiction, or non-fictional prose. Classes are small, 
and the teaching load is 3/2. 
The College maintains a generous leave policy, 
which includes untenured faculty, and it provides strong support for 
research. It also provides faculty with rich opportunities to teach singly 
or as part of a team in its many multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary 
programs, such as American Culture, Africana Studies, Asian Studies, Environmental 
Studies, Media Studies, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 
Urban Studies, and Women’s Studies. [R] 

Yeshiva U 

English, 500 W 185th St New York NY 10033 

Associate or Full Professor of English 125 

http://www.
yu.edu 

The Department of English of Yeshiva College, the undergraduate college 
for men of Yeshiva University, seeks to make an appointment at the 
rank of associate or full professor, starting August 2007. We have particular 
need for a specialist in either of the following fields U.S. literature/ 
American 
studies or Post-1900 British Literature but applications from 
strong candidates in other fields may be given consideration. The successful 
candidate will possess a substantial publication record, demonstrated 
commitment to teaching at every level of the undergraduate curriculum, 
and willingness to take a leadership role in the department. Administrative 
experience will be a strong plus. Will interview at MLA and in New 
York. Please send application letter, CV, and letters of reference by November 
6, 2006 to Professor Joan G. Haahr, Chair, Department of English, 
Yeshiva College, 500 West 185th St., New York, NY 10033. Equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 



North Carolina 

Appalachian SU 

English, ASU Box 32052 Boone NC 28608 

Professional Writing 43 

http://www.
english.appstate.edu 

The Department of English at Appalachian State University invites applications 
for one of three tenure-track nine-month faculty positions at the 
rank of Assistant Professor beginning August 2007. 

Qualifications for these positions include an earned doctorate in any of 
the following disciplines: 

1. Composition/Rhetoric, 
with the primary focus being in professional 
writing; 

2. Professional Writing; 

3. Technical Communication; 

4. Other related field having as the primary concentration professional, 
technical and business writing. 

Experience is especially desirable in any of the following areas: business, 
technical, scientific, legal, and medical writing; editing; applied discourse 
or rhetorical analysis. Two years of experience teaching college-level professional 
writing courses and the potential for scholarship in the field are 
both expected. At least two years applied professional writing experience 
is required. 

Candidates are expected to provide instruction in current and new courses 
in professional, technical and business writing and work collaboratively 
as a member of the faculty group teaching in the English Department’s 
thriving BA Concentration in Professional Writing. Instructional duties 
will include student advisement and curriculum development and may include 
on-line instruction and/or 
instruction at off-campus sites. In addition 
to instructional duties, faculty members are expected to maintain an 
active program of scholarship as well as participate in service activities. 

The Department of English offers the BA degree in English, including 
concentrations in Professional Writing, Creative Writing, and Film; the 
BS degree in Secondary Education; the MA degree; and a graduate certificate 
in Composition and Rhetoric. The department has 42 tenure-track 
faculty members, over 400 undergraduate majors, and approximately 30 
graduate students. 

Appalachian State University is a member institution of the sixteencampus 
University of North Carolina System. Located in Boone, North 
Carolina, the University has approximately 14,500 students and has been 
ranked by US NEWS AND WORLD REPORT as one of the top 15 
among southern regional universities since the rankings first appeared in 
1986. Additional information about the English department, the University, 
and the surrounding area is located at: http://www.
english.appstate 
.edu. 

Applicants must send a completed application consisting of a letter of application, 
current resume, and a list of three references with telephone 
numbers. Completed applications should be sent to Dr. Jeanne Dubino, 
Chair, Department of English, Appalachian State University, Boone, NC 
28608. The initial application review will begin September 15, 2006, and 
will continue until the position is filled. 

Appalachian State University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women 
and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Davidson C 

English, Box 6998 Davidson NC 28035 

Assistant Professor 409 

http://www.
davidson.edu 

Tenure-track. British fiction from the 18th century onward, with emphasis 
in postcolonial literatures. Preparation in queer theory desirable. Five 
courses per year, including surveys of British and global literatures, history 
of the novel, composition, and seminars in areas of specialization. 
Applicants must demonstrate teaching excellence and scholarly promise. 
Must have Ph.D. by August 2007. By November 15 candidates must apply 
on-line at https://jobs.davidson.edu and attach a C.V. and letter of application 
to the attention of Prof. Randy Ingram. Davidson College welcomes 
applicants who enhance the diversity of its faculty. 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: Professional and Technical 
Communication 889 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Assistant or Associate Professor of English, tenure-track/tenured, 
specializing 
in professional and technical communication, starting August 20, 
2007. 

Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary research and a teaching background 
in professional communication. Expected to support and contribute 
to teaching, research, and innovative curriculum development in 
well-established graduate and undergraduate programs in technical and 
professional communication, as well as a doctoral program in technical 
and professional discourse (current emphases in technical and professional 
communication, writing studies and pedagogy, and discourses and cultures). 
Appropriate service to the university, community, and profession 
is expected. 

Earned doctorate and record of scholarship commensurate with rank required. 
Applicants with experience in business, industry, and government 
are encouraged to apply. Screening begins November 15, 2006; position 
open until filled. Applicants must complete a Candidate Profile online at 
www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, vita, one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy and research agenda, writing sample, and three current reference 
letters to: 

Dr. Bruce Southard, Chair, Box T2, Department of English, East Carolina 
University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the department websites at http://www.
ecu 
.edu/english, 
http://english.
ecu.edu/~phd, and http://english.
ecu.edu/ 
~tpc. [R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of English: African/African 
Diasporic Literatures 886 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, specializing in African/ 
African 
Diasporic Literatures, starting August 20, 2007. Ph.D. with 
evidence of scholarly potential required. Appropriate service to the university, 
community and profession is expected. Screening begins November 
15, 2006; position open until filled. Applicants must complete a 
Candidate Profile online at www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, vita, onepage 
statement of teaching philosophy and research agenda, writing sample, 
and three current reference letters to: 

Professor Bruce Southard, Chair, Box D, Department of English, East 
Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/ 
english. 
[R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of English: British Romantic Literature 875 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, specializing in British Romantic 
Literature, starting August 20, 2007. Ph.D. by August 2007 with 
evidence of teaching and scholarly potential required. Appropriate service 
to the university, community, and profession is expected. Screening 



begins November 15, 2006; position open until filled. Applicants must 
complete a Candidate Profile online at www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, 
vita, one-page statement of teaching philosophy and research agenda, 
writing sample, and three current reference letters to: 

Professor Bruce Southard, Chair, Box R, Department of English, East 
Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/ 
english. 
[R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of English: Asian American Literature 885 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, specializing in Asian American 
Literature, starting August 20, 2007. Ph.D. with evidence of scholarly 
potential required. Appropriate service to the university, community and 
profession is expected. Screening begins November 15, 2006; position 
open until filled. Applicants must complete a Candidate Profile online at 
www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, vita, one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy and research agenda, writing sample, and three current reference 
letters to: 

Professor Bruce Southard, Chair, Box A, Department of English, East 
Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/ 
english. 
[R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of English: Irish Literature/Studies 
881 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, specializing in Irish Literature/
Studies 
with a secondary area in British Modernism, starting August 
20, 2007. Ph.D. by August 2007 with evidence of teaching and 
scholarly potential required. Appropriate service to the university, community 
and profession is expected. Screening begins November 15, 2006; 
position open until filled. Applicants must complete a Candidate Profile 
online at www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, vita, one-page statement of 
teaching philosophy and research agenda, writing sample, and three current 
reference letters to: 

Professor Bruce Southard, Chair, Box I, Department of English, East 
Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/ 
english. 
[R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of English: Film Studies 893 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Assistant Professor of English with specialization in Film Studies, two (2) 
positions, tenure-track, starting August 20, 2007. Demonstrated knowledge 
of film theory and history. Possible secondary areas: film adaptation, 
world cinema, f ilm genres, pedagogy, and practical applications/ 
production. 
Ph.D. with evidence of scholarly and teaching potential required. 
Appropriate service to the university, community and profession 
is expected. Minority candidates strongly encouraged to apply. Screening 
begins November 1, 2006; position open until filled. Applicants must 
complete a Candidate Profile online at www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, 
vita, one-page statement of teaching philosophy and research agenda, 
writing sample, and three current reference letters to: 

Dr. Bruce Southard, Chair, Box F, Department of English, East Carolina 
University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/ 
english. 
[R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Associate or Full Professor of English: Professional and Technical 
Communication 890 

http://www.
ecu.edu/english 


Associate or Full Professor of English, tenured/tenure-
track, specializing 
in professional and technical communication, starting August 20, 2007. 

Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary research and a teaching background 
in professional communication. Expected to support and contribute 
to teaching, research, and innovative curriculum development in 
well-established graduate and undergraduate programs in technical and 
professional communication, as well as a doctoral program in technical 
and professional discourse (current emphases in technical and professional 
communication, writing studies and pedagogy, and discourses and 
cultures). 
Appropriate service to the university, community, and profession 
is expected. 

Earned doctorate and record of scholarship commensurate with rank required. 
Applicants with experience in business, industry, and government 
are encouraged to apply. Screening begins November 15, 2006; position 
open until filled. Applicants must complete a Candidate Profile online at 
www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, vita, one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy and research agenda, writing sample, and three current reference 
letters to: 

Dr. Bruce Southard, Chair, Box T1, Department of English, East Carolina 
University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 


Visit the department websites at http://www.
ecu.edu/english, 
http:// 
english.
ecu.edu/~phd, and http://english.
ecu.edu/~tpc. [R] 

Elon U 

English, 2228 Campus Box Elon NC 27244 

Assistant Professor of English Rhetoric/Composition 
335 

http://www.
elon.edu 

Elon University invites applications for a tenure-track, Assistant Professor 
position in Professional Writing and Rhetoric starting August 2007. 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition, 
or related field, and record of excellence 
in teaching required. The Professional Writing and Rhetoric undergraduate 
concentration (http://org.
elon.edu/pwr) 
in the Department of English 
conceives of writing broadly and approaches professional writing and 
rhetoric as an integrated disciplinary field of study and practice within the 
liberal arts and sciences. Concentration courses build on the understanding 
that professional writing and rhetoric is a critical social practice and a 
situated art, and they prepare undergraduate students to be more critically 
reflective, civically responsible writers in a wide variety of contexts. An 
exceptionally wide variety of writing and rhetoric courses for an undergraduate 
program are available to teach, with a strong set of core courses. 
The successful candidate would also have opportunities to develop new 
courses, depending on ones area of expertise. We would be particularly 
interested in those candidates who bring experience and enthusiasm that 
could enhance the production and community outreach of the Center for 
Undergraduate Production and Information Design (CUPID), contribute 
project management experience relevant to student projects, promote and 
support internship opportunities, and supply expertise in the production 
of publications, both print and digital. Depending upon qualifications, 
candidates may also support the writing program administrative work that 
rotates among PWR faculty. The successful candidate also would teach 
sections of first-year writing, as do all English department faculty, with 
opportunities to teach other courses within English, General Studies, and 
Study Abroad, as qualified. Elon is a dynamic private, co-educational, 
comprehensive institution that is a national model for actively engaging 
faculty and students in teaching and learning. To learn more about Elon, 



please visit our website at www.elon.edu. E-mail or mail letter of application 
and vita to Michael Strickland, 2349 Campus Box, Elon, NC 27244 
or mstrickl@elon.edu. Applications must be received by October 15, 2006 
to be assured of consideration. Elon University is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to a diverse faculty, staff, and student body. Candidates 
from under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Elon U 

English, 2228 Campus Box Elon NC 27244 

Assistant Professor of English 370 

http://www.
elon.edu 

Elon University seeks applicants for a full-time, tenure-track position at 
the assistant professor level, beginning in August 2007. PhD in British literature 
required, with emphasis in Renaissance literature. Secondary expertise 
in Medieval literature is desirable. Teaching responsibilities include 
upper level Renaissance and Medieval literature, sophomore level literature 
courses, and first-year writing. Applicant must be willing to teach 
in Elons General Studies Program. Elon is a dynamic private, co-educational, 
comprehensive institution that is a national model for actively engaging 
faculty and students in teaching and learning. To learn more about 
Elon, please visit our website at www.elon.edu. Applications must be received 
by October 25, 2006, to be assured of consideration. Review will 
continue until position is filled. Please send letter of application and curriculum 
vitae to Dr. Kathy Lyday-Lee, Chair of the English Department, 
2228 Campus Box, Elon University, Elon, NC 27244 or electronically 
to lydaylee@elon.edu. Elon University is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to a diverse faculty, staff and student body. Candidates from 
under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Guilford C 

English, 5800 W Friendly Av Greensboro NC 27410 

Assistant Professor of English 418 

http://www.
guilford.edu 

Small Quaker college seeks an educator with creativity and vision to fill 
a full-time tenure-track position as assistant professor of English. We seek 
a writing generalist to teach a range of courses including fiction and professional 
writing (e.g., new media, technical writing, business writing), 
starting August 2007. Candidates must also demonstrate commitment 
to and excellence in teaching first-year writing (one-third of the annual 
6-course load). The ideal candidate should be able to design and teach 
cross-listed courses in Guilfords interdisciplinary programs. The Ph.D. is 
required. Guilford is a selective coeducational liberal arts college founded 
in 1837 by the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) with about 1,350 
traditional and Early College students and about 1,300 students enrolled 
in Continuing Education. The College seeks applications representative 
of diversity based on age, race, gender, sexual orientation, disabilities, 
ethnicity, religion, national origin, career and life experiences, socio-economic 
background, geographic roots; it also seeks them from members of 
the Society of Friends. EOE/AA. 
Submit cover letter, current CV, dossier, 
writing sample, statement of educational philosophy, transcripts, and 
three letters of recommendation (sent under separate cover) to Professor 
James W. Hood, Chair, English Department, c/o 
Fred Devine, Director 
of Human Resources, Guilford College, 5800 W. Friendly Ave., Greensboro, 
NC 27410. Deadline for applications: Nov. 15. Applications will be 
acknowledged by e-mail; interviews at MLA. [R] 

U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant Professor and Director of University Writing Center 736 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

Director of University Writing Center. Full-time tenure-track position, 
beginning August 2007. Doctorate in Composition/Rhetoric 
required; 
ABD applicants near completion considered. Primary responsibility is 
to oversee all areas of Writing Center administration and service. Position 
has 2/2 
teaching load in the Composition Program. Rank and salary 
commensurate with credentials and experience. Send hard copies of application 
letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and 
copy of transcripts to Dr. Susan Cannata, Chair, Writing Center Search 
Committee, Department of English, Theatre, and Languages, University 
of North Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One University Drive, 
Pembroke NC 28372-1510. For information about UNC Pembroke and 
the department, see the university website at www.uncp.edu. Committee 
will begin consideration of candidates November 10, 2006, and continue 
search until the position is filled. AA/EOE. 
Women and minorities encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

U of North Carolina at Asheville 

Lit & Lang, 1 University Hts Asheville NC 28804 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 79 

http://www.
unca.edu 

Specialty: Creative Writing. Genre: Fiction. 

Expertise in a second genre, preferably non-fiction. Experience teaching 
African-American or Hispanic literature also a plus. UNC-Asheville, 
North Carolina’s designated liberal arts institution, invites applications for 
a fiction writer to teach in an established, thriving undergraduate creative 
writing program. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated record of 
excellence as a teacher. She or he will teach a full range of creative writing 
courses, including introduction to creative writing, beginning and 
advanced workshops in fiction, and senior seminar in creative writing. 
Other teaching opportunities include first-year composition and literature 
courses, as well as contributing to UNCA’s Integrative Liberal Studies 
program. The teaching load is 12 hours. PhD with creative or academic 
dissertation preferred, though candidates with the MFA and strong national 
publications will be considered. Starting date is August 1, 2007. 

Applications are due in hand by October 30, 2006. For consideration send 
an introductory letter, vita, three letters of recommendation, and a brief 
statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. Richard Chess, Chair, Search 
Committee, Department of Literature and Language, CPO #2130, University 
of North Carolina at Asheville, One University Heights, Asheville, 
North Carolina, 28804. Additional materials may be requested. 
Electronic submissions of application materials will NOT be accepted at 
this stage. 

UNCA is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
Women, minorities, and people with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track assistant or associate professor in African-American literature 
548 

http://wfu.
edu 

The Department of English at Wake Forest University has an opening for 
a tenure-track assistant or associate professor in African-American literature. 
Position to begin August 2007. ABD or PHD required with a commitment 
to publication and high quality teaching in a liberal arts college. 
Teaching load is 3/2, 
with courses ranging from small first-year writing 
seminars to advanced electives and MA-level courses. Salary competitive. 
Send letter and vita only to Eric Wilson, Chair, Wake Forest University, 
Department of English, P.O. Box 7387, Winston-Salem, NC 27109, postmarked 
by October 31. AA/EOE. 
[R] 



Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track assistant professor in Victorian literature 550 

http://wfu.
edu 

The Department of English at Wake Forest University has an opening for 
a tenure-track assistant professor in Victorian literature. Position to begin 
August 2007. ABD or PHD required with a commitment to publication 
and high quality teaching in a liberal arts college. Teaching load is 3/2, 
with courses ranging from small first-year writing seminars to advanced 
electives and MA-level courses. Salary competitive. Send letter and vita 
only to Eric Wilson, Chair, Department of English, P.O. Box 7387, Winston-
Salem, NC 27109, postmarked by October 31. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing (Poetry) 553 

http://wfu.
edu 

The Department of English at Wake Forest University has an opening 
for a tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing to teach poetry 
workshops at introductory and advanced levels, to teach other courses 
appropriate to experience, and to co-direct a campus reading series. 
Minimum of M.F.A. expected, with significant publications. Salary competitive. 
Position begins August 2007. Send letter and vita only to Eric 
G. Wilson, Chair, Wake Forest University, Department of English, P.O. 
Box 7387, Winston-Salem, NC 27109, postmarked by October 31. Initial 
interviews will be conducted at MLA convention. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Warren Wilson C 

English, PO Box 9000 Asheville NC 28815 

Director of Undergraduate Writing 861 

http://www.
warren-wilson.edu 

Warren Wilson College, an independent liberal arts college located on 
a beautiful 1135-acre campus in the Blue Ridge Mountains on the edge 
of Asheville, North Carolina, seeks a Director of Undergraduate Writing 
to oversee and maintain the College Composition program and the 
Creative Writing Major. Additional administrative responsibilities include 
recruiting and supervising adjunct instructors, supervising Writing Center 
staff, and strengthening links between the undergraduate program and 
the college’s renowned MFA program in writing. The 12-credit load per 
semester includes 4-credits release time for administration, one 4-credit 
composition course, and one 4-credit creative writing course. Further 
teaching duties may include advising and the supervision of senior writing 
projects. We are seeking candidates with primary experience and interest 
in the teaching of composition, with secondary experience in teaching 
creative writing. Candidates should hold a doctorate in English or a closely 
related field, with strong evidence of preparation to direct a college-wide 
composition program. Evidence of teaching excellence and a willingness 
to become an integral part of the campus community is a must. A strong 
publication record is preferred. Note that Warren Wilson faculty are not 
ranked, and starting salary is commensurate with experience. This is a 
full-time, continuing position in an extended contract system. 

Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, official 
graduate transcripts, and three letters of reference to Dr. John Casey, 
Interim Vice President for Academic Affairs, Warren Wilson College, 
P.O. Box 9000, Asheville, NC 28815-9000. Review of applications will 
begin December 1, 2006 and will continue until the position is filled. 

We desire a diverse faculty and a community that reflects a global outlook. 
We particularly invite applications from women and members of ethnic 
minorities or other groups historically underrepresented in academia. 

Ohio 

Ashland U 

English, 401 College Av Ashland OH 44805 

Assistant Professor of 17th/18th 
Century English Literature/Composition 
278 

Tenure track position, Ph.D. required. Teach upper-level courses in English 
literature as well as contribute directly to the university’s core curriculum 
by teaching in a two-semester composition sequence and by offering 
upper-level literature courses for the core’s humanities component. Strong 
commitment to scholarship and undergraduate teaching required. Send 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation 
and statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. Dan Lehman, Chair, English 
Department, Ashland University, Ashland, OH 44805. Ashland University 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and is committed to diversity in 
the workplace. www.ashland.edu [R] 

Denison U 

English, 200 Barney Hall Granville OH 43023 

Assistant Professor of Early American Literature 1032 

http://www.
denison.edu/departments/
engl/ 

Denison University seeks a tenure-track ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF 
EARLY AMERICAN LITERATURE. The 3/2 
teaching assignment 
typically includes a survey of pre-1900 American literature, a first-year 
writing course, and one advanced course on such topics as early American 
literature, race and ethnicity in the Americas, American culture, and 
others of the candidates design. Ph.D must be in hand by the start of the 
academic year. Position to begin Fall 2007. Pending approval, interviews 
at MLA. Denison University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. We welcome 
a diversity of backgrounds and lifestyles. Please send letter of application 
and cv to Sandra Runzo, Chair, Department of English, Denison University, 
Granville, OH 43023 by November 13, 2006. [R] 

Denison U 

English, 200 Barney Hall Granville OH 43023 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of the Writing Center 1036 

http://www.
denison.edu/departments/
engl/ 

Denison University seeks a tenure-track ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF 
ENGLISH AND DIRECTOR OF THE WRITING CENTER. The 
successful candidate will oversee and develop a student-staffed writing 
center, teach 3 courses per year and work to develop a writing pedagogy 
in the disciplines. Administrative responsibilities include recruiting, selecting, 
training, and supervising a talented staff of student writing tutors; 
acting as a liaison to departments across campus to publicize and coordinate 
the work of the Writing Center; coordinating with other support 
services on campus; working closely with the curricular side of the First 
Year Studies Program. Expertise in serving international students and 
basic writers helpful. Typical teaching assignments would include two 
sections of a f irst-year writing course each year and one other course. 
Ph.D. must be in hand by the start of the academic year. Position to begin 
Fall 2007. Pending approval, interviews at MLA. Denison is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. We welcome a diversity of backgrounds and lifestyles. 
Please send letter of application and cv to Sandra Runzo, Chair, Department 
of English, Denison University, Granville, OH 43023 by November 
13, 2006. [R] 



Kenyon C 

English, 102 College Dr, Sunset Cottage Gambier OH 43022 

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial Literature 826 

http://www.
kenyon.edu/english.
xml 

The English Department at Kenyon College seeks to fill a tenure-track 
position (effective July 2007) in Anglophone postcolonial literature, especially 
South Asian, Caribbean, and African, Black British, or Black 
Atlantic Studies. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to 
contribute to interdisciplinary programs in African and African American 
Studies, American Studies, Asian Studies, International Studies, or 
Womens and Gender Studies. The teaching load is 3/2. 
(Kenyon offers 
no composition courses.) Ph.D. required, as is evidence of a commitment 
to teaching and scholarship. An EOE, we welcome applications from 
minority and women candidates. Applications will be accepted until the 
position has been filled, but to ensure that your application will be reviewed 
in time for MLA interviews send a letter and cv by November 10 
to Theodore O. Mason, Jr., Chair, Department of English, Kenyon College, 
Gambier, OH 43022 [R] 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant Professor in Medieval or Early Modern Studies 698 

http://www.
muohio.edu/english 


Tenure-track assistant professor positions in Medieval or Early Modern 
Studies, beginning August 2007. We are interested in a wide variety of 
sub-specializations, including but not limited to cultural studies; prose 
studies; legal studies; rhetoric; globalization; women’s writing; and the 
history of science and/or 
technology. Applicants for the Medieval Studies 
position must be able to teach courses concentrated in the fourteenth 
century, including Chaucer. Applicants for the Early Modern Studies position 
must be able to teach courses in Stuart and Tudor Drama, including 
Shakespeare. Candidates must demonstrate potential for excellence as a 
scholar, and typically carry a teaching load commensurate with that expectation. 
Publications in the field desirable. Commitment to teaching 
first-year writing courses and graduate seminars for M.A. and Ph.D. students 
in the field required. The position’s responsibilities include student 
advising as well as institutional and professional service. Ph.D. by date of 
appointment. Candidates will be interviewed at MLA. Send letter of application 
and c.v. to Keith Tuma, Chair, postmarked by November 7th. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Miami is an EO/AA 
employer 
offering benefits to same-sex domestic partners. 

Learn more about Oxford, Cincinnati, and Dayton at www.muohio.edu/ 
living_
at_miami/oxandbeyond/index.
cfm 

Information on tuition, fees, graduation rate, as well as the campus safety 
report are available at www.muohio.edu/righttoknow. 
[R] 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 700 

http://www.
muohio.edu/english 


Tenure-track assistant or associate professor in Composition and Rhetoric, 
beginning August 2007. Research area open. Candidates must demonstrate 
potential for excellence as a scholar, and typically carry a teaching 
load commensurate with that expectation. Significant publications and 
demonstrated excellence in teaching required for associate level; WPA or 
other administrative experience desirable. Commitment to teaching firstyear 
writing courses and graduate seminars for M.A. and Ph.D. students 
in the field, and to the development of undergraduate writing and rhetoric 
courses, required. The position’s responsibilities include student advising 
as well as institutional and professional service. The successful candidate 
will have the opportunity to join and shape an established composition 
and rhetoric program with strengths in composition theory, digital writing, 
disability studies, history of rhetoric, literacy studies, multicultural 
rhetorics, technical and scientific communication, the two-year college, 
WAC, womens and feminist rhetorics, and writing program administration. 
Miami is home to the Ohio Writing Project, the Howe Writing 
Initiative in the Richard T. Farmer School of Business, the Center for 
Writing Excellence, the Digital Writing Collaborative, and the Center 
for Interactive Media Studies. Candidates will be interviewed at MLA; 
Ph.D. by date of appointment. Send letter of applications and c.v. to Keith 
Tuma, Chair. Review of application will begin November 7th and continue 
until the position is filled. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. Miami is an EO/AA 
employer 
offering benefits to same-sex domestic 
partners. 

Learn more about Oxford, Cincinnati, and Dayton at www.muohio.edu/ 
living_
at_miami/oxandbeyond/index.
cfm 

Information on tuition, fees, graduation rate, as well as the campus safety 
report are available at www.muohio.edu/righttoknow. 
[R] 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant Professor in U.S. Latina/o 
or Chicana/o 
Literary and Cultural 
Studies 702 

http://www.
muohio.edu/english 


Tenure-track assistant professor with a specialization in U.S. Latina/o 
or 
Chicana/o 
literary and cultural studies, beginning in August 2007. Research 
interests and publications in comparative or transnational studies, 
film, or theory are desirable. Candidates must demonstrate potential for 
excellence as a scholar, and typically carry a teaching load commensurate 
with that expectation. Commitment to teaching first-year writing 
courses and graduate seminars for M.A. and Ph.D. students in the field 
required. The position’s responsibilities include student advising as well as 
institutional and professional service. An interest in teaching U. S. literature 
surveys is desirable. Candidates will be interviewed at MLA; Ph.D. 
by date of appointment. Send letter of application and c.v. to Keith Tuma, 
Chair, postmarked by November 7th. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. Miami is an EO/AA 
employer 
offering benefits to same-sex 
domestic partners. 

Learn more about Oxford, Cincinnati, and Dayton at www.muohio.edu/ 
living_
at_miami/oxandbeyond/index.
cfm 

Information on tuition, fees, graduation rate, as well as the campus safety 
report are available at www.muohio.edu/righttoknow. 
[R] 

Mt Union C 

English, 1972 Clark Av Alliance OH 44601 

Assistant Professor of English (Romantic and Victorian) 384 

http://www.
muc.edu/administration/
human_resources/job_
opport 

The Department of English at Mount Union College seeks a candidate 
with a Ph.D. in English and a committment to liberal arts. Position begins 
on August 1, 2007. Primary areas include 19th century British literature, 
Neoclassicism and Romanticism, Modernism, introductory literature 
courses, and first year writing. Secondary areas might include postcolonial 
literature, Canadian literature, gender and literature, and critical and 
rhetorical theory. The standard teaching load is four courses a semester. 
Preference will be giving to candidates with college teaching experience 
and potential for scholarship. Competitive salary and compensation package 
based on credentials. 

Send letter of application, CV, and the names and phone numbers of three 
current references to: Human Resources Off ice, English Department 
Search Committee, Mount Union College, 1972 College Avenue, Alliance, 
OH 44601. Consideration of applicants will begin immediately. Initial 
interviews will be conducted at the MLA conference. [R] 



Oberlin C 

Creative Writing Program, Rice Hall 13 Oberlin OH 44074 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Creative Writing 382 

http://www.
oberlin.edu 

Oberlin College, Creative Writing Program invites applications for 
a half-time, continuing faculty position for term of 4 years, beginning 
first semester academic year 2007–08. Teach courses in poetry with assignments 
in multi-genre (poetry, fiction, playwriting) beginning workshop, 
poetry workshop for advanced undergraduates, and supervision of 
advanced writing projects. Requirements: MFA degree or equivalent (in 
hand or by first semester 2007–08); extensive poetry publication; demonstrated 
interest and potential excellence in undergraduate teaching. Particular 
interest given to candidates able to teach a workshop in translation 
or non-fiction and with administrative skills to eventually act as program 
director. http://www.
oberlin.edu/crwrite/. 
Send letter of application, 
c.v., graduate academic transcripts, and at least three recent letters of reference 
to: Sylvia Watanabe, Director, Creative Writing Program, Rice Hall 
13, Oberlin College, Oberlin, Ohio, 44074 by 10/1/
06. Late applications 
may be considered until position is filled. AA/EOE 


Ohio Northern U 

English, 525 S Main St Ada OH 45810 

Assistant Professor of Literature 1037 

http://www.
onu.edu 

Tenure-track or visiting, dependent on interest and qualifications. Ph.D. in 
Literature with Teacher certification and at least three years of high school 
teaching. Student-oriented professional to teach Classroom Methods, supervise 
student teachers, and coordinate departments NCATE accreditation 
process as well as to teach majors and general education literature and 
writing classes. Ability to teach global/world 
literature preferred. Application 
letter, vita, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation must 
be received by 16 November for full consideration. Applications will be 
received until the position is filled. Send to: Eva McManus, Chair, English 
Department, Ohio Northern University, Ada, Ohio 45810. E-mail: 
<e-mcmanus@onu.edu>. Ohio Northern is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minority candidates encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Ohio SU at Newark 

English, 1179 University Dr Newark OH 43055 

Assistant Professor of English 219 

http://www.
newark.osu.edu/Departmental/
HR/OSUEmployment.
asp 

Rhetoric and Composition 

The Ohio State University at Newark is seeking applications for a 9- 
month, tenure-track assistant professor in English with a specialization in 
rhetoric and composition to begin autumn 2007. The Newark campus is 
an extended campus in The Ohio State University system and is located 
about 35 miles east of the Columbus campus. The successful candidate 
must maintain a productive and high-quality research program and must 
regularly teach introductory courses in composition, courses in the candidate’s 
area of expertise, and other courses that meet campus needs. Also, 
the successful candidate must actively participate in service to the campus 
and in outreach activities. The candidate must have a Ph.D. in English by 
the start of the appointment. To assure consideration, send a CV, three 
letters of reference, and a personal statement describing your teaching 
and research interests to: The Ohio State University at Newark, Office 
of Human Resources, Search #06–90, 1179 University Drive, Newark, 
Ohio 43055. Open until filled. Interviews at the MLA Convention. To 
build a diverse workforce, Ohio State encourages applications from individuals 
with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of English—Victorian Studies 172 

The Ohio State University at Marion invites applications for an assistant 
professor (tenure-eligible, beginning Autumn 2007) in Victorian Studies. 
The successful candidate must maintain a productive and high-quality 
research program and preferably will have experience teaching upper 
division courses in advanced topics for English majors, British Literature 
surveys, composition, and sophomore-level Shakespeare courses (quarter 
system; a mix of f ive and four courses during the f irst three years; 
six courses thereafter). Experience teaching in computer classrooms and 
genuine commitment to undergraduate education required. We seek applicants 
interested in teaching in a multi-disciplinary small college atmosphere 
within a premier land grant university. Applicants must have Ph.D. 
in hand by September 2007. Send detailed application letter and CV to 
Human Resources, Ohio State University at Marion, 1465 Mt. Vernon 
Ave., Marion OH 43302. Screening of applications begins Oct. 30th, 
continuing until the position is filled; dossiers will be requested after initial 
screening. Selected Candidates will be interviewed at the December 
MLA meeting. To build a diverse workforce, Ohio State encourages applications 
from individuals with disabilities, minorities, and women. 
EEO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Associate or Full Professor of Business and Professional Writing 205 

http://english.
osu.edu/ 

The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a senior position in Business and Professional Writing. Successful 
candidate will have an established research and teaching profile consistent 
with an appointment as associate or full professor. We are especially 
interested in candidates whose research areas complement our strengths 
in digital media studies and/or 
rhetoric, composition, and literacy studies. 
Send letter of application and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department 
of English, The Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, 
Ohio 43210. Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2006 and 
continue until the position is filled. OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action institution. Women, minorities, Vietnam veterans, disabled 
veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Faculty Position-English Department 218 

Faculty Position-English Department 

The Ohio State University Mansfield Campus, Department of English, 
is currently accepting applications for a tenure-eligible position in nineteenth-
and/or 
twentieth-century 
British literature with a specialty in 
poetry and/or 
drama beginning autumn 2007. Ph.D. and teaching experience 
required, with strong commitment to continuing scholarly activity. 
English faculty on the Mansfield campus teach in a multi-disciplinary 
small college environment but are active and integrated members of the 
Ohio State English Department, which includes faculty on all campuses 
of the university. Teaching load is two courses each quarter. OSU offers a 
number of degree programs on its Mansfield campus, including English, 
as well as some graduate programs. OSU-Mansfield anticipates increased 
enrollments and continued expansion of its programs. Located on 670 
wooded acres in a city midway between Columbus and Cleveland, the 
campus currently has over 1,600 students, a growing number of whom 
reside in University-owned apartments. 

Send letter of application and CV to: Dr. Barbara McGovern, The Ohio 
State University at Mansf ield, 1680 University Drive, Mansf ield, OH 
44906. Review of applications will begin by November 15, 2006 and will 



continue until the position is filled. If you have questions, please direct 
e-mail to mcgovern.2@osu.edu. 

To build a diverse workforce Ohio State encourages applications from 
individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans and women. EEO/AA 
employer. 


Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Associate or Full Professor in Creative Writing/Poetry 
202 

http://english.
osu.edu/ 

The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a senior position in Creative Writing/Poetry. 
Successful candidate 
will have an established research and teaching profile consistent 
with an appointment as associate or full professor. Send letter of application 
and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of English, The Ohio 
State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210. Review 
of applications will begin on November 1, 2006 and continue until the 
position is filled. OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans and 
individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature and Culture 204 

http://english.
osu.edu/ 

The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a tenure-eligible position in Renaissance literature and culture 
with research interests in feminist theory, gender, or sexuality studies. 
Ph.D. required. Send letter of application and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, 
Department of English, The Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, 
Columbus, Ohio 43210. Review of applications will begin on November 
1, 2006 and continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews 
at the MLA Convention. OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action institution. Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled 
veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Faculty Position-English Department 216 

The Ohio State University Mansfield Campus, Department of English, is 
currently accepting applications for a tenure-eligible position in composition 
and rhetoric for appointment beginning autumn 2007. Particular 
attention will be given to applicants with areas of specialization in composition 
studies, literacy studies, and/or 
business and professional communication. 


Ph.D. and teaching experience required, with a strong commitment to 
scholarly activity, to service on department and university committees, 
and to participation in the life and governance of the department. Experience 
in writing program administration is desirable, but not required. 
English faculty on the Mansf ield campus teach in a multi-disciplinary 
small college environment but are active and integrated members of the 
Ohio State English Department, which includes faculty on all campuses 
of the university. Teaching load is two courses each quarter. OSU offers a 
number of degree programs on its Mansfield campus, including English, 
as well as some graduate programs. OSU-Mansfield anticipates increased 
enrollments and continued expansion of its programs. Located on 670 
wooded acres in a city midway between Columbus and Cleveland, the 
campus currently has 1,600 students, a growing number of whom reside 
in University-owned apartments. 

Send letter of application and CV to: Dr. Barbara McGovern, The Ohio 
State University at Mansf ield, 1680 University Drive, Mansf ield, OH 
44906. Review of applications will begin by November 15, 2006 and will 
continue until the position is filled. If you have questions, please direct 
e-mail to mcgovern.2@osu.edu. 

To build a diverse workforce Ohio State encourages applications from 
individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans and women. EEO/AA 
employer. 


Ohio U 

English, 360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

Creative Writing: Non-Fiction 559 

http://www.
english.ohiou.edu/ 

The Department of English at Ohio University invites applications for 
a tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing: Non-Fiction. We 
seek candidates of established achievement who have published at least 
one book. Ph.D. preferred, but those candidates with an MFA will be 
considered. The successful candidate is expected to teach; publish and 
direct creative work; and participate in departmental/university 
governance. 
Expected to teach at both graduate and undergraduate levels. 
We seek a candidate with a commitment in working effectively with 
students, faculty and staff from diverse backgrounds. Position available 
September 2007. Submit cover letter, C.V., three current letters of recommendation, 
and 20 page writing sample to Joseph McLaughlin, Chair, 
Department of English, ATTN: Creative Non-fiction Search, Ohio University, 
Athens, OH 45701. Review of applications will begin Monday, 
November 6 and will continue until the position is filled. 

Interviewing at MLA. Women and other minorities are encouraged to 
apply. Ohio University is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
Further information 
about Ohio University can be found at the University’s web site: http:// 
www.
ohio.edu. [R] 

Ohio Wesleyan U 

English, 61 S Sandusky St, Sturges Hall Delaware OH 43015 

Assistant Professor of British literature 522 

http://owu.
edu 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH: 19th-CENTURY BRITISH 
LITERATURE (Romantic and Victorian), with additional experience 
in teaching writing. A full-time, tenure-track position with a 
six-course teaching load: 3 literature courses, 3 writing courses. Experience 
teaching literature and freshman writing is essential. Candidates 
should have their Ph.D. by August 2007. Pending approval. AA/EOE: 
women and minorities encouraged to apply. Send letter, vita, writing 
sample, dossier, and a syllabus of your design to Lynette Carpenter, Chair, 
Department of English, Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, OH 43015. 
Acknowledgment by e-mail or SAS card. Deadline: postmarked by 3 November 
2006. [R] 

Ohio Wesleyan U 

English, 61 S Sandusky St, Sturges Hall Delaware OH 43015 

Assistant Professor of British literature 523 

http://www.
owu.edu 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH: BRITISH RENAISSANCE 
LITERATURE (ca. 1500–1660). We are looking for someone 
with expertise in non-dramatic literature who is also prepared to teach 
Shakespeare. A full-time, tenure-track position with a six-course teaching 
load: 3 literature courses, 3 writing courses. Experience teaching literature 
and freshman writing is essential. Candidates should have their Ph.D. 
by August 2007. Pending approval. AA/EOE: 
women and minorities encouraged 
to apply. Send letter, vita, writing sample, dossier, and a syllabus 
of your design to Lynette Carpenter, Chair, Department of English, Ohio 
Wesleyan University, Delaware, OH 43015. Acknowledgment by e-mail 
or SAS card. Deadline: postmarked by 3 November 2006. [R] 



Otterbein C 

English, Westerville OH 43081 

Assistant Professor of English (American Literature) 741 

http://www.
otterbein.edu 

Otterbein College, a comprehensive liberal arts institution in the suburban 
Columbus area, invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor position beginning Fall 2007. Area of specialty: late 19th and 
20th century American Literature. Preferred additional areas of expertise 
are: multiethnic (Asian-American, African, Caribbean, Latino/a, 
Native 
American, Immigrant) literatures or world literatures in English. Teaching 
responsibilities include composition courses in a humanities-based 
core curriculum. Qualifications: Ph.D. required. Candidates must demonstrate 
commitment to undergraduate teaching excellence, advising 
and mentoring students, and scholarship. Send letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, and three current letters of recommendation to: Dr. Abíódún 
Gòkè-Paríolá, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Otterbein College, 
One Otterbein College, Westerville, OH 43081. Email submissions: academicjobs@
otterbein.edu. Review of applications will begin October 2 
and continue until the position is filled. An Equal Opportunity Employer 
and Educator [R] 

U of Cincinnati 

English & Comp Lit, PO Box 210069 Cincinnati OH 45221 

Assistant Professor, Fiction Writing 502 

http://asweb.
artsci.uc.edu/english/ 


Fiction Writer. Assistant Professor, tenure-track. MFA or Ph.D. completed 
by September 1, 2007 starting date. Signif icant publications, 
including at least one book, required. Demonstrated ability to teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses and to direct theses and creative dissertations. 
Competitive salary and benefits. Interviews at MLA. For full 
consideration send letter and c.v. by Nov. 10 to Leland S. Person, Head, 
Dept. of English and Comparative Literature, ML 0069, University of 
Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH 45221-0069. The University of Cincinnati 
is an EO/AA 
employer 
and actively seeks applications from women and 
minority candidates. [R] 

Wright SU 

English, 3640 Colonel Glenn Hwy Dayton OH 45435 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 356 

http://www.
cola.wright.edu/Dept/
eng/ 

Tenure-track assistant professor in twentieth-century 
and contemporary 
American literature, to begin September 2007. 

Required: Doctorate in English by time of appointment. 

Preferred: second field of teaching and research in (for example) modern 
and contemporary literature, literary theory, American culture and 
ethnicity, Women’s Studies, rhetoric, or language and writing. Also preferred: 
teaching experience and evidence of successful college-level teaching; 
successful scholarly publication or real promise of future publication 
in field. 

Load: seven courses over three quarters plus advising and service. Courses 
include graduate and undergraduate courses in f ield(s), introductory 
courses for majors, American literature courses for future teachers, and 
general education “great books” survey. All department faculty must be 
able to teach composition. Salary competitive. 

Preliminary interviews at MLA in Philadelphia or by telephone, if needed. 
Please send cv and letter discussing scholarship and teaching interests by 
November 27, 2006 to 

James Guthrie, Search Committee Chair, Department of English Language 
and Literatures, Wright State University, Dayton, OH 45435 

AA/EOE 


james.guthrie@wright.edu OR henry.limouze@wright.edu [R] 

Oklah oma 

Cameron U 

English & For Langs, 2800 W Gore Blvd Lawton OK 73505 

Assistant Professor—Composition and Rhetoric 614 

http://www.
cameron.edu 

Assistant Professor of English (tenure track). Specialization in Composition 
and Rhetoric. Teaching load twelve hours per semester. Scholarly 
activity and service expected. PhD in hand by August, 2007. One year 
of teaching experience required. Preferred qualifications: PhD in hand 
at time of interview. Two years of teaching at the college or university 
level. Experience with composition pedagogy and developmental writing. 
Preference will be given to applications received by November 15, 
2006. Submit letter of application, resume, transcripts, and three letters 
of recommendation to John Morris, Chair, Search and Screening Committee 
F091, Cameron University, 2800 West Gore Blvd., Lawton, OK 
73505. [R] 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing-Fiction 720 

http://english.
okstate.edu 

Tenure-track position in Creative Writing-Fiction. 3–2 teaching load 
beginning August 2007. Appropriate terminal degree, appropriate credentials, 
signif icant national publication, and demonstrated teaching 
excellence required. Additional publication and teaching expertise in creative 
non-fiction desirable. Salary competitive and commensurate with 
experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English with emphasis 
in creative writing. For further information on the department see 
our webpage at http://english.
okstate.edu. To ensure full consideration, 
applications must be received by November 3, 2006. However, we will 
continue to accept and consider applications until the position has been 
filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier including 
transcript and three letters of recommendation to Carol Moder, Head, 
English Department, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, 
OK 74078-4069. OSU is an AA/EEO 
Employer Committed to 
Multicultural Diversity. 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Assistant Professor of English-Screen Studies 722 

Tenure-track position in Screen Studies, with an emphasis on theory 
of media and culture. Expertise in non-fictional media including documentary 
preferred. 3–2 teaching load beginning August 2007. PhD and 
demonstrated excellence in teaching required. Salary competitive and 
commensurate with experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD 
in English with a Screen Studies specialization. For further information 
on the department and the Screen Studies Program see our webpage 
at http://english.
okstate.edu. To insure full consideration, applications 
must be received by November 3, 2006. However, we will continue to 
accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Send 
letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier including transcript 
and three letters of recommendation to Carol Moder, Head, English 
Department, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, 
OK 74078-4069. OSU is an AA/EEO 
Employer 
Committed to Multicultural 
Diversity. 



U of Central Oklahoma 

English, 100 N. University Dr., Box 184 Edmond OK 73034 

Assistant Professor of English 141 

http://www.
libarts.ucok.edu/english/ 


Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, to teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition, including 
first-year sections, and to direct the first-year composition program. Responsibilities 
will include the training and supervision of 30–40 part-time 
instructors and 10–20 graduate teaching assistants, as well as curriculum 
development and the oversight of assessment programs for first-year composition 
courses, including ESL, honors, and service learning sections. 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in rhetoric and composition, with 
degree in hand by May 2007. Previous experience in higher education 
teaching and in writing program administration preferred. For further 
information and complete application details, visit http://jobs.
ucok.edu/. 
The University of Central Oklahoma is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Oklahoma 

Honors College, 1300 ASP Norman OK 73019 

Assistant Professor of African American Studies 157 

http://www.
ou.edu/honors/ 


The Honors College of the University of Oklahoma invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professorship in African American studies. 
Area of specialization as well as discipline are open; all social scientists 
and humanists whose work focuses on some aspect of the African American 
experience are invited to apply. Preference will be given to applicants 
with an interdisciplinary background and promise of pedagogical and 
scholarly excellence. 

Candidates must have completed their PhD by the start of the appointment 
(August 2007). 

Applications, including a cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
reference, and a chapter-length writing sample, should be sent to Dr. 
Benjamin L. Alpers, African American Studies Search Committee, Honors 
College, 1300 Asp Avenue, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK 
73019-6061. No electronic applications will be accepted. 

The committee will begin reviewing applications on October 1, 2006, 
and will continue the process until the position is filled. The University of 
Oklahoma is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed 
to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. 

For more information regarding the University of Oklahoma and the OU 
Honors College, please visit the following website: http://www.
ou.edu/ 
honors/ 
[R] 

U of Tulsa 

English, 600 S College Av Tulsa OK 74104 

Director of Women’s Studies/Assistant 
Professor 298 

http://www.
utulsa.edu 

The University of Tulsa seeks a tenure-track Director of Women’s Studies 
at the Assistant Professor level, home department open, to begin Fall 
2007. Candidates research and teaching should focus on gender and race; 
specialty in African American or Native American studies preferred. PhD 
required. Desired qualifications include administrative experience, record 
of successful teaching, and demonstration of scholarly promise. Position 
entails teaching in Women’s Studies and a home department, administration 
of the Women’s Studies program, and ongoing scholarly output. 

TU Women’s Studies (http://orgs.
utulsa.edu/womenstudies/) 
is a thriving 
interdisciplinary undergraduate certif icate program with contributing 
faculty from a wide variety of departments across the University. 
The Director works closely with an Advisory Board made up of Women’s 
Studies faculty and students and is responsible for all aspects of program 
administration. Administrative duties include budget oversight; curricular 
development; planning and oversight of campus programming (e.g. visiting 
speakers, research colloquia, student life); and campus and community 
outreach. 

Review of applications will begin November 15, 2006, and will continue 
until the position is filled. Please send a letter of interest, CV, names of 3 
or more references, and 2 sample syllabi to Dr. Kate Adams, Department 
of English, 340 Zink Hall, 600 S. College Avenue, Tulsa, OK 74104- 
3189. The University of Tulsa is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

Oregon 

Lewis & Clark C 

English, 0615 SW Palatine Hill Rd, MSC 58 Portland OR 97219 

Assistant Professorship in Creative Writing/Fiction 
517 

http://www.
lclark.edu/ 

The Lewis and Clark College Department of English invites applications 
for a tenure track assistant professorship in Creative Writing/Fiction 
beginning 
fall, 2007. Qualif ications include M.F.A. in Creative Writing 
or Ph.D. in English or Creative Writing and a strong publishing record. 
Usual teaching load is five courses each academic year and includes regular 
participation in the Colleges first-year general education course. In 
addition to introductory and advanced courses in fiction writing, teaching 
duties will include literature courses (field open). Preliminary interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA. Review of applications will begin 
Nov. 15, 2006 and continue until the position is filled. A complete application 
includes: 1) a curriculum vitae; 2) a letter of application which 
includes a statement of teaching philosophy, overview of teaching experience 
and description of creative projects; 3) a writing sample; 4) three 
letters of recommendation sent under separate cover to Chair, English 
Department, Lewis and Clark College, MSC 58, 0615 SW Palatine Hill 
Road, Portland, OR 97219. 

Lewis and Clark College is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and encourages 
the applications of women and minority candidates. 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Horn Endowed Chair in English 405 

http://www.
uoregon.edu/~engl 

The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a specialist 
in African American literature and culture at the Associate or Full Professor 
rank. The successful candidate will hold the newly established Robert 
D. and Eve E. Horn Endowed Chair in English. We invite applications 
from scholars who have a distinguished record of research and teaching 
and who engage in the field of African American literary and cultural 
studies in critically innovative and theoretically complex ways. To learn 
more about the English Department, see www.uoregon.edu/~engl 

The deadline for applications, including, c.v., references, and a writing 
sample of no more than 20 pages is November 10. Applications should be 
sent to: 

English Department Head, 1286 University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 
97403-1286 

No electronic submissions. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. We invite applications from candidates who 
share our commitment to diversity. 



U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 400 

http://www.
uoregon.edu/~engl 

The University of Oregon English Department seeks applicants for a tenure-
track assistant professor in Renaissance/Early 
Modern British literature. 
We encourage candidates specializing in Renaissance prose, poetry, 
and/or 
non-Shakespearean drama, who can demonstrate a broad understanding 
of the varieties of contemporary literary theory. We further encourage 
those whose work overlaps with one or more of the following 
areas: discourses of race, nation and empire; gender studies; queer theory; 
post-historicist aesthetics. Minimum requirements: Ph.D. in English or 
related field in hand by time of appointment. Salary is competitive. To 
learn more about the English Department, see www.uoregon.edu/~engl 

The deadline for applications, including, c.v., references, and a writing 
sample of no more than 20 pages is November 10. Applications should be 
sent to: 

English Department Head, 1286 University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 
97403-1286 

No electronic submissions. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. We invite applications from candidates who 
share our commitment to diversity. 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor of 19th C British Literature 398 

http://www.
uoregon.edu/~engl 

The University of Oregon English Department seeks applicants for a tenure-
track assistant professor in 19th Century British Literature. We are 
seeking candidates working in the broadest range of nineteenth-century 
British studies, including Romantic and/or 
Victorian literatures. We particularly 
encourage applicants concentrating in one or more of the following 
areas: discourses of race and ethnicity, nation and empire, conceptions 
of the transatlantic, theories of place or environment, and gender studies. 
Minimum requirements: Ph.D. in English or related field in hand by time 
of appointment. Salary is competitive. To learn more about the English 
Department, see www.uoregon.edu/~engl 

The deadline for applications, including, c.v., references, and a writing 
sample of no more than 20 pages is November 10. Applications should be 
sent to: 

English Department Head, 1286 University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 
97403-1286 

No electronic submissions. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. We invite applications from candidates who 
share our commitment to diversity. 

U of Oregon 

Robert D. Clark Honors College, 1293 University of Oregon Eugene 
OR 97403 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Literature 122 

We seek applications for a full-time tenure-track position in Literature, 
to begin in Fall, 2007. We require a Ph.D. in a field of Literature 
outside the traditional Western canon, along with evidence of superior 
teaching ability; tenure standards for scholarship in the candidates discipline 
will apply. In addition to expertise in a non-European literature, 
candidates also should be familiar with the literary and intellectual traditions 
of the West, and able to engage them in their teaching and research. 
Comparatists 
welcome. Command of a second language is required. Candidates 
should have a focused research program and experience teaching 
in a setting where writing and discussion have been integrated into liberal 
arts instruction. Teaching duties include a year-long sequence for freshmen, 
including ancient as well as contemporary literature, and upper-division 
interdisciplinary seminars. 

The Clark Honors College is a selective, liberal arts college of 650 students 
within a state university of 20,000. It features a comprehensive 
four-year curriculum which combines a broad liberal arts education with 
a specialized major selected from among the university’s departments. 

Interested applicants should submit a letter describing teaching and research 
interests, curriculum vitae, academic transcripts, three letters of 
recommendation, one writing sample, and syllabi and teaching evaluations, 
if available. Ph.D. required by September 15, 2007. The University 
of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution committed 
to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. Candidates who promote and enhance diversity are strongly 
desired. To assure full consideration, application files must be completed 
by November 8, 2006. Send materials to Literature Search Committee, 
Clark Honors College, University of Oregon, Eugene, Oregon 97403. 

Willamette U 

English, 900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant Professor of English 50 

http://www.
willamette.edu 

The Willamette University English Department invites applications for a 
tenure-track position primarily in Composition, preferably with a strong 
preparation in either Latino/a 
literature or Native American literature. 
Ideal candidates will have the Ph.D. and publications in their field, and 
will be prepared to teach writing and literature courses, to participate 
in the continual development of writing across the curriculum at Willamette, 
and to assist in directing the Writing Center. 

Applications should include a short essay (1000 words maximum) on 
your approaches to teaching and your expected contribution to a department 
both generalist and interdisciplinary. Please send essay, letter of application, 
vitae, and contact information for three references to Gretchen 
Flesher Moon, Chair, Department of English, Willamette University, 900 
State Street, Salem, Oregon 97301. Review begins 3 November 2006. 

Willamette University has made a strong institutional commitment to 
diversifying its faculty, student body, and undergraduate curriculum. 
We encourage qualif ied candidates from minority communities to 
apply. For more information, see http://www.
willamette.edu/dept.
hr. 
employment/. [R] 

Pennsylvania 

Bucknell U 

English, Lewisburg PA 17837 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 58 

http://www.
departments.bucknell.edu/english 


Bucknell University seeks to hire an assistant or associate professor of African 
American literature, with up to three years credit towards tenure, 
to begin in fall 2007. Candidates will be expected to teach at beginning, 
intermediate, and advanced levels on a five-course teaching load per year. 
Majors offered by the English department include concentrations in literature 
and creative writing; a concentration in race/ethnic 
studies is under 
consideration. Ph.D. preferred; ABD considered; teaching experience and 
publications preferred. 

Application deadline is November 1, 2006. Send letter of application, 
CV, and three letters of recommendation to Professor Harold Schweizer, 
Chair, Department of English, Bucknell University, Lewisburg, PA 17837. 
Bucknell University encourages applications from women and members of 



minority groups (EEO/AA). 
Please visit the Bucknell English Department 
on the web at http://www.
departments.bucknell.edu/english. 
[R] 

Bucknell U 

English, Lewisburg PA 17837 

Assistant Professor of English 60 

http://www.
departments.bucknell.edu/english. 


Bucknell University seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor of English, 
entry-level, specializing in creative writing: poetry with a secondary 
emphasis in prose (fiction or creative nonfiction); with ability to teach poetry 
and either fiction or nonfiction at beginning, intermediate, and advanced 
levels, as well as some courses covering multiple genres. Bucknell 
faculty generally teach five courses per year. However, this position includes 
directing and teaching in the Bucknell Seminar for Younger Poets, 
which takes place in June each year, and which will be compensated with 
one course-release per year. MFA or Ph.D. and teaching experience required; 
publications preferred. 

Application deadline is November 1, 2006. Send letter of application, 
CV, three letters of recommendation, and writing sample to Professor 
Harold Schweizer, Chair, Department of English, Bucknell University, 
Lewisburg, PA 17837. Bucknell University encourages applications from 
women and members of minority groups (EEO/AA). 
Please visit the 
Bucknell English Department on the web at http://www.
departments. 
bucknell.edu/english. 
[R] 

C Misericordia 

English, 301 Lake St Dallas PA 18612 

Assistant Professor of English 544 

http://www.
misericordia.edu/academics 


One-year renewable position in English for the 2007–2008 academic year 
for a Ph.D. prepared to teach general education classes in one or more 
of the following areas: American and African-American literature; both 
halves of a Western world literature survey; modern non-Western literature. 
Ability to offer upper level classes in either postcolonial or multiethnic 
literature required. Send letter of application, c.v., and three letters 
of recommendation in hard copy to Professor Richard Lynch, c/o 
Office 
of Human Resources, College Misericordia, Dallas, PA 18612. Do not 
send additional materials. Postmark deadline is November 6, 2006. 

Our 82-year-old institution, which offers baccalaureate and master’s degree 
programs, is located adjacent to the Pocono Mountains region of 
Northeastern Pennsylvania, approximately 2–3 hours from New York 
City, Philadelphia, and Baltimore. College Misericordia actively supports 
cultural diversity, and encourages individuals who contribute to such diversity 
to apply, including minorities and women. [R] 

Comm C of Philadelphia 

English, 1700 Spring Garden St Philadelphia PA 19130 

Instructor/Assistant 
Professor of English 307 

http://www.
ccp.edu 

Anticipated Full-time, tenure-track instructor/assistant 
professor positions 
beginning Fall, 2007. Masters degree in English, MFA, or Ph.D. 
in English, Composition or Rhetoric or closely-related field required. 
Candidates should have experience or course-work in composition and 
developmental English; knowledge of educational technology expected. 
Four course semester teaching load includes composition. Applicants must 
be legally eligible to work in the United States. Application deadline is 
December 8, 2006. Send C.V. and cover letter addressed to the English 
Department Hiring Committee, c/o 
MRW-ENGL, Human Resources 
Office, Community College of Philadelphia, 1700 Spring Garden Street, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19130. Community College of Philadelphia 
is an affirmative action, equal opportunity and equal access employer. 
The College encourages applications from individuals from traditionally 
under-represented groups. AA/EOE. 


DeSales U 

Humanities, 2755 Station Av Center Valley PA 18034 

Assistant Professor of English 498 

http://www.
desales.edu 

English: Catholic liberal arts university seeks an Americanist with expertise 
in the Nineteenth Century and doctorate in English in hand to teach 
undergraduate literature courses and some freshman writing. Background 
in multicultural literature and/or 
American Studies desirable. Position 
begins August 17, 2007. Submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, 3 
letters of recommendation, and photocopies of transcripts to Dr. Stephen 
Myers, Chair, Department of Humanities, DeSales University, 2755 Station 
Avenue, Center Valley, PA 18034. EOE Review of complete applications 
will begin on October 1 and continue until the position is filled. 

Duquesne U 

English, 600 Forbes Av 637 College Hall Pittsburgh PA 15282 

Assistant Professor of English, Pre-1900 American Literature 697 

http://www.
english.duq.edu 

The English Department at Duquesne University seeks a specialist in pre- 
1900 American literature, with specialized expertise in non-fiction prose 
and/or 
poetry desirable, at the level of Assistant Professor (tenure-track), 
pending budgetary approval. Candidates should demonstrate the ability to 
teach a range of undergraduate courses that includes American surveys of 
all periods and to develop courses in secondary areas of interest. Scholarship 
or strong promise of it is required, together with an ability to teach 
and work with MA and PhD students. Teaching load is 5 courses per year. 
PhD degree required for Fall 2007 appointment. 

To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names and 
addresses of at least three professional references to: Office of Human Resources, 
ATTN: American Literature Search, Duquesne University, 600 
Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15282. Applications should be postmarked 
no later than November 1, 2006. Interviews will take place at the MLA 
convention. 

Applicants must be willing to contribute actively to the mission and to respect 
the Spiritan Catholic identity of Duquesne University. The mission 
is implemented through a commitment to academic excellence, a spirit of 
service, moral and spiritual values, sensitivity to world concerns, and an 
ecumenical campus community. 

Duquesne University was founded in 1878 by its sponsoring religious 
community, the Congregation of the Holy Spirit. Duquesne University 
is Catholic in mission and ecumenical in spirit. Motivated by its Catholic 
identity, Duquesne values equality of opportunity both as an educational 
institution and as an employer. 
[R] 

East Stroudsburg U 

English, 200 Prospect St East Stroudsburg PA 18301 

TENURE TRACK FACULTY-EARLY AMERICAN LITERATURE 309 

http://www.
esu.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for the following tenure-
track position at the Assistant Professor level beginning August 2007. 
Applicants who demonstrate a commitment to teaching, scholarship, and 
experience working with diverse populations are preferred. Full consideration 
will be given to applications received by 1 November 2006. Send a 
letter of application that indicates area of expertise and experience, a vita, 
and three recent letters of recommendation to the attention of Dr. Cynthia 
Leenerts, English Department, Position #04343, East Stroudsburg 
University, P.O. Box 447, East Stroudsburg, PA 18301. Interviews may be 
conducted at the MLA; please advise us of your availability. 



American Literature Specialist (Position #04343): A Ph. D. in English 
with specialization in the early periods of American Literature (1620– 
1865) is preferred. ABD candidates anticipating timely completion are 
encouraged to apply, but should make clear what progress they have made 
on their dissertation. The successful applicant will teach four courses each 
semester, half of them in Early American literature and general literature 
and the other half in composition; therefore, candidates must also provide 
evidence of a commitment to teaching composition and/or 
scholarship 
in academic writing. Final determination will be based upon a successful 
interview, which may include a teaching demonstration. All candidates 
must provide proof of eligibility to work in the United States and official 
transcripts at time of employment. Candidates with interest in areas 
of diversity studies are encouraged to apply. To learn more about diversity 
at ESU and in our community, visit our website at www3.esu.edu/ 
diversity/
home.asp. 

Located in the scenic Pocono Mountains within ninety minutes of New 
York City and two hours of Philadelphia, East Stroudsburg University is 
one of fourteen universities in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher 
Education. Founded in 1893, with a current enrollment of 6,800, the 
University has a rich academic tradition and continues to build on its 
sense of history with unique new undergraduate and graduate degree programs, 
and plans for a major new Science and Technology Center. Offering 
60 undergraduate degree programs and graduate degrees in 19 areas, 
the University is experiencing increasing enrollments and is poised for 
continued growth. The University is adjacent to the unspoiled Delaware 
Water Gap National Recreation Area, in a community that offers options 
for suburban, small city, or country living. ESU is an equal opportunity 
employer. 
Minorities and women are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Franklin & Marshall C 

English, PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Assistant Professor of English 617 

The Franklin & Marshall English Department invites applications from 
poets for a tenure-track Assistant Professorship to begin in the fall of 
2007. Significant creative publications, including at least one book of poetry 
published or accepted for publication, a commitment to undergraduate 
teaching, and a terminal degree in creative writing are required. The 
3/2 
teaching load will include Introduction to Creative Writing, Writing 
Poetry, Contemporary Poetry and other literature offerings and participation 
in the College’s general education requirement. The poet we 
seek will become part of a thriving writing community, which includes 
a Creative Writing major, a Writers House, and an impressive reading series, 
including the F&M Emerging Writers Festival. F&M sponsors junior 
faculty leaves. Please submit a cover letter, c.v., graduate transcripts, 
three letters of recommendation, and a writing sample to: Judith Mueller, 
Chair, English Department, Franklin & Marshall College, P.O. Box 
3003, Lancaster, PA 17604-3003. We will conduct interviews at MLA, 
not at AWP. F&M is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a 
demonstrated commitment to cultural pluralism. EOE. Application deadline: 
postmark November 17, 2006. We will not accept materials submitted 
electronically. [R] 

Gettysburg C 

English, 300 N Washington St, CB 397 Gettysburg PA 17325 

Assistant Professor of English and Africana Studies 419 

http://www.
gettysburg.edu/academics/
english/ 

The Department of English and the Africana Studies Program invite applications 
for a joint tenure track position at the Assistant Professor level 
beginning in Fall 2007. Candidates should have completed a Ph.D. with 
a specialty in African American Literature by August 2007. Desirable secondary 
areas of interest include Post Colonial theory, Literature and Cultures 
of the African Diaspora, Critical or Cultural theory and American 
Studies. The successful candidate will be expected to teach introductory 
African American literature courses, seminars in a First Year Seminar program, 
and an introduction to African American Studies, as well as upper 
division courses in both the English Department and the Africana Studies 
Program. Gettysburg College is a highly selective liberal arts college 
located within 90 minutes of the Washington/Baltimore 
metropolitan 
area. Established in 1832, the College has a rich history and is situated on 
a 220-acre campus with an enrollment of over 2,500 students. Gettysburg 
College celebrates diversity and especially invites applications from 
members of any group that has been historically underrepresented in the 
American academy. The College assures equal employment opportunity 
and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, 
gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, and disability. Send cover letter 
and C.V. to Jack Ryan, Chair, Joint Search Committee, Department 
of English, Gettysburg College, Gettysburg, PA 17325. For fullest consideration 
applications should be sent by mail and post marked no later 
than November 20, 2006. Salary is competitive and commensurate with 
experience. [R] 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 61 

http://www.
kutztown.edu/employment 


Kutztown University of Pennsylvania is interested in hiring faculty who 
have extensive experience with diverse populations. The following position 
is available: 

The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
beginning in Fall 2007 for Late-Nineteenth and Early-Twentieth Century 
American Literature. Ph.D. in English or related f ield preferred, 
ABD required. Demonstrated experience and research in one or more of 
the following areas a plus: cultural studies, textual studies, contemporary 
literature and/or 
post-modernism. Courses to be taught include College 
Composition, introductory and survey courses, as well as opportunities 
to teach upper-level and graduate courses in American literature. Salary 
competitive. If you have any questions, please contact Dr. Walt Nott, 
Chair, American Literature Faculty Search Chair at nott@kutztown.edu. 

For full description, criteria and complete listing of vacancies, please visit 
our website at www.kutztown.edu/employment. 
Kutztown University is 
an AA/EOE 
member of the PA State System of Higher Education and actively 
solicits applications from women, veterans, persons with disabilities 
and minorities. [R] 

La Salle U 

English, 1900 W Olney Av Philadelphia PA 19141 

Assistant Professor of English 226 

http://www.
lasalle.edu/academ/
english/ 

Tenure track position at the level of assistant professor for someone with 
both (1) a Ph.D. in British Literature from 1800 on with the ability to 
teach a wide range of courses throughout the whole period (Romantic, 
Victorian, and Modern) and (2) substantial experience in administering 
first-year writing programs and teaching composition. Candidates must 
have Ph.D. in hand by September 2007, college-level experience teaching 
literature and composition, and scholarly potential. 

No electronic applications will be accepted. Candidates should submit by 
regular or airmail only the following materials: a cover letter, a curriculum 
vitae, and a one-page statement of their teaching philosophy. We will 
interview for the position at the MLA convention. 

Please send all application materials no later than October 31, 2006 to: Dr. 
Kevin J. Harty, Chair, Department of English, La Salle University, Philadelphia, 
PA 19141-1199. 

For more information about this position and the department, please go 
to www.lasalle.edu/academ/
english/ 

La Salle University is a Roman Catholic university in the tradition of the 
De La Salle Christian Brothers. La Salle University is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 



La Salle U 

English, 1900 W Olney Av Philadelphia PA 19141 

Assistant Professor of English 227 

http://ww.
lasalle.edu/academ/
english/ 

Tenure track position at the level of assistant professor for a generalist 
with a Ph.D. in English, American, or world literature to teach in two 
areas: (1) first year or lower level courses in composition and literature 
and (2) advanced courses in desktop publishing or poetry writing. Candidates 
must have Ph.D. in hand by September 2007, college-level experience 
teaching literature and poetry writing or desktop publishing, and 
scholarly potential. 

No electronic applications will be accepted. Candidates should submit by 
regular or airmail only the following materials: a cover letter, a curriculum 
vitae, and a one-page statement of their teaching philosophy. We will 
interview for the position at the MLA convention. 

Please send all application materials no later than October 31, 2006, to: 
Dr. Kevin J. Harty, Chair, Department of English, La Salle University, 
Philadelphia, PA 19141-1199. 

For more information about this position and the department, please go to 
www.lasalle.edu/academ/
english/ 

La Salle University is a Roman Catholic university in the tradition of the 
De La Salle Christian Brothers. La Salle University is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

Lebanon Valley C 

English, College Av Annville PA 17003 

Assistant Professor of English 410 

http://www.
lvc.edu/english 


Lebanon Valley College invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track 
Assistant Professor of English beginning fall 2007. The successful candidate 
must have a firm commitment to undergraduate teaching and will 
teach freshman writing, literature, and communications courses. 

Ph.D. in English literature and experience in teaching literature and 
composition required. Preference given to candidates with a secondary 
specialty in postcolonial literature. Academic or professional expertise in 
film, new media, advertising, public relations, print or broadcast journalism 
an asset. 

Complete applications, consisting of curriculum vitae, statement of teaching 
philosophy, original transcripts, publication sample, and three letters 
of reference should be sent to Marie Bongiovanni, Chair, Department 
of English, Lebanon Valley College, Annville, PA 17003, bongiova@lvc 
.edu. Review of candidates will begin on November 1, 2006 and continue 
until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted 
at MLA. 

Lebanon Valley College is a small, private, residential, coeducational liberal 
arts college with about 1600 students located in south central Pennsylvania 
within two hours drive of Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington, 
D.C. Consistently placed within the top tier of comparable institutions in 
the Northeast, LVC is also ranked 8th in the Northeast in U.S. News and 
World Report’s 2007 list of “Great Schools at Great Prices.” The school 
has enjoyed and benefited from a sustained period of growth, including 
student enrollment, extensive new construction and renovation of existing 
facilities, and will soon complete a highly successful capital campaign. 
Additional information about the College can be found at www.lvc.edu 
and the department at www.lvc.edu/english. 
Applications from women 
and underrepresented minorities are particularly encouraged. EOE. [R] 

Lehigh U 

Mod Langs & Lit, 9 W Packer Av Bethlehem PA 18015 

Professor of Holocaust Studies and Ethical Values 673 

http://www.
lehigh.edu 

Lehigh University’s College of Arts & Sciences announces an endowed 
chair in Holocaust Studies & Ethical Values beginning fall 2007. Open 
to junior and senior faculty. Salary rank appropriate. Ph.D. required. The 
holder of the Helene & Allen Apter Chair must demonstrate expertise in 
the field of Holocaust Studies broadly conceived. Disciplinary fields include 
but are not limited to history, religion studies, philosophy, literature, 
cultural studies or international studies. Candidates must be able to 
contribute to one of two initiatives in the College: 1) Ethics, Values, and 
Decision Making or 2) Globalization and Social Change. Responsibilities: 
a) teaching 4 courses per year/2 
per semester including courses on the 
Holocaust and courses related to one of the two college initiatives, and 
b) research in the scholar’s area of specialization. The successful candidate 
will be associated with a dept. appropriate to his/her 
discipline and with 
the Philip & Muriel Berman Center for Jewish Studies, which provides 
courses, co-curricular programs, conferences and colloquia in Jewish 
Studies. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, 3 current letters of 
recommendation and 2 samples of recent scholarly writing or artistic projects 
to Laurence Silberstein, Search Committee Chair, Berman Center 
for Jewish Studies, Lehigh University, 9 W. Packer Ave., Bethlehem, PA 
18015-3082 (inber@lehigh.edu). Review of applications begins November 
15 and will continue until the position is filled. Lehigh University is 
an EO/AA 
Employer 
and encourages applications from women and minorities. 
It is situated 90 min. travel time from NYC and 70 min. from 
Phila. The College of Arts & Sciences is especially interested in qualified 
candidates who can contribute, through their research, teaching and/or 
service, to the diversity and excellence of the academic community. [R] 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 111 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 740 

http://www.
psu.edu 

Penn State Fayette-The Eberly Campus, a campus of The Pennsylvania 
State University, invites applications for a tenure-track, Assistant Professor 
of English. Start Date: August 2007. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach composition, British literature, and related 
undergraduate English courses using traditional and blended delivery 
modes. Publish in refereed journals. Participate in professional organizations, 
and in course, curriculum, and program development. Advise students 
and provide career guidance. Participate in campus, university, and 
community service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English or related discipline required. Primary 
expertise in Shakespeare or other pre-1800 British literature preferred, 
although specialists in all fields of non-American literature will be 
considered. Secondary teaching ability in business writing and/or 
technical 
writing is highly desirable. Teaching ability in any of the following 
areas also would be welcomed: theater arts, womens literature, multicultural 
literatures, world literature, film studies, journalism, writing for the 
web, or creative writing. Evidence of potential in research and publication 
is expected. Commitment to high-quality instruction in a student-centered 
environment is desired. Interest in active and collaborative learning, 
the instructional use of technology, and blended and online teaching is an 
advantage. Prior college-level and online teaching experience preferred. 
Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary environment is important. 

To learn more about the campus visit: http://www.
psu.edu/ur/
cmpcoll 
.html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application, 
resume or curriculum vitae, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, 
and e-mail addresses of three references. Applications should be submitted 
as a Microsoft WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu. 



Application review begins October 16, 2006 and continues until a suitable 
candidate is found. 

INQUIRIES: Dr. Ira S. Saltz, Director of Academic Affairs, Penn State 
Fayette, The Eberly Campus. E-mail: iss1@psu.edu. Telephone: (724) 
430-4140. AA/EOE 


Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 111 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 745 

http://www.
psu.edu 

Penn State Worthington Scranton, a campus of The Pennsylvania State 
University, invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of 
English. Start Date: August 2007. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach courses including composition, technical 
and/or 
business writing, and American literature using traditional and 
blended delivery modes. Publish in refereed journals. Participate in professional 
organizations, and in course, curriculum, and program development. 
Advise students and provide career guidance. Participate in campus, 
university, and community service activities 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English, with scholarly expertise in 20th 
Century American literature or African American Literature. Evidence of 
potential in research and publication is expected. Commitment to highquality 
instruction in a student-centered environment is desired. Interest 
in active and collaborative learning and the instructional use of technology 
is an advantage. Prior college-level teaching experience preferred. 
Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary environment is important. 

To learn more about the campus visit: http://www.
psu.edu/ur/
cmpcoll 
.html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application, 
resume or curriculum vitae, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, 
and e-mail addresses of three references. Applications should be submitted 
as a Microsoft WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu. 

Application review begins October 16, 2006 and continues until a suitable 
candidate is found. 

INQUIRIES: Dr. Richard Kopley, Interim Director of Academic Affairs, 
Penn State Worthington Scranton. E-mail: rxk3@psu.edu. Telephone: 
(570) 963-2510. AA/EOE 


Penn State U 

English, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Associate Professor or Professor in 19TH Century American Literature and 
Culture 836 

http://english.
la.psu.edu/ 

We seek an accomplished scholar in 19th century American literature and 
culture to appoint to a senior position. We would hope that the scholar 
who fills the position will engage with such College initiatives as our new 
Center for American Literary Studies, our programs in ethnic studies (including 
our new minor in Latina/o 
Studies, and our established program 
in African-American Studies), and the history departments Richards 
Civil War Era Center. Our preferences include scholarship that exhibits 
theoretically sophisticated transnational dimensions. We ask that applications 
be received no later than October 15; however, we will accept 
applications until the position is filled. Please send letter of application, 
c.v., and description of published work and of work-in-progress to Professor 
Robin G. Schulze, Search Committee Chair, Box AL, Department of 
English, 112 Burrowes Building, Penn State, University Park, PA 16802. 
Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and a 
diverse workforce. 

Penn State Berks-Lehigh Valley C 

Liberal Arts, PO Box 7009 Tulpehocken Rd Reading PA 19610 

Assistant Professor of English/Professional 
Writing 551 

http://www.
bk.psu.edu 

The Pennsylvania State University at Berks seeks applicants for a tenureline 
position in its Professional Writing program. We seek a specialist to 
teach advanced courses in business and professional writing and composition 
at all levels. Qualifications: for professor or associate professor 
rank, Ph.D. in English, professional writing, rhetoric and composition or 
related field, evidence of strong research, teaching and service achievements; 
for assistant professor rank, Ph.D. in English, professional writing, 
rhetoric and composition or related field by August 2007 and evidence of 
an original research agenda. Preference will be given to candidates with 
professional writing experience and ability to serve as coordinator of the 
Professional Writing B.A. degree program. Occasional evening teaching 
may be required. 

Please email by Word attachment (1) letter of application, (2) curriculum 
vitae, (3)statement of teaching philosophy, (4) statement of research interests, 
and (5) names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses of 
three references to Ms. Dara McCue, dcm9@psu.edu. Review will begin 
immediately with priority given to applications received before Dec. 1, 
2006. MLA interviews. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, 
equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. 

Saint Joseph’s U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of English, Composition/Rhetoric 
or Creative Writing 447 

http://www/
sju.
edu/cas/
english 

Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, a tenure-track position in 
Composition/Rhetoric 
or Creative Writing. Applicant should have dedication 
to teaching and demonstrated potential for scholarly activity. The 
departmental load is 3/3. 
The position is designed to support curricular 
initiatives with courses in writing and communication for an undergraduate 
English major and a masters program in Writing Studies. Teaching 
responsibilities will include teaching the Writing Studies core courses, 
courses in writing at both undergraduate and graduate levels, writing 
workshops, and introductory writing and literature courses. English 
programs are offered on both day and evening schedules. All English 
faculty members advise majors. Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
or Creative 
Writing, or M.F.A. in Creative Writing with publications. Ph.D. or 
M.F.A. in hand by August 2007. 

In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online 
by November 3, 2006. Log on to the Saint Joseph’s University Human 
Resource website using the following link http://www.
sju.edu/human_ 
resources/, click on the employment tab and follow the instructions. On 
this website you should submit your (1) curriculum vitae, including the 
names of 3 references with complete contact information (e.g., address, 
phone, and email), (2) letter outlining academic achievements, area of 
specialization or genre specialty, research plan or creative writing projects, 
and teaching philosophy. In addition, by the postmarked date of November 
3, 2006, please send a hard copy of your curriculum vitae and 
cover letter to Dr. Jo Alyson Parker, Chair, Department of English, Saint 
Josephs University, 5600 City Ave., Philadelphia, PA 19131. Dossiers and 
writing samples will be requested after initial screening. Interviews at 
MLA. A Jesuit, Catholic institution, Saint Joseph’s University encourages 
applications from individuals of all backgrounds; it expects its community 
to be knowledgeable about its mission in order to make a positive contribution 
to that mission. AA/EOE 
M/F/
D/V 
[R] 



Saint Joseph’s U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of English, Renaissance Literature 450 

http://www/
sju.
edu/cas/
english 

Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, a tenure-track position in 
Renaissance literature. Applicant should have dedication to teaching and 
demonstrated potential for scholarly activity. The departmental load is 3/ 
3 
and will include regular teaching of the core Shakespeare requirement. 
All faculty members are involved in advising for majors and teaching the 
introductory writing and literature courses. They also have the opportunity 
to teach in the masters degree program in Writing Studies. English 
programs are offered on both day and evening schedules. Ph.D. in hand 
by August 2007. 

In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online 
by November 3, 2006. Log on to the Saint Joseph’s University Human 
Resource website using the following link http://www.
sju.edu/human_ 
resources/, click on the employment tab and follow the instructions. On 
this website you should submit your (1) curriculum vitae, including the 
names of 3 references with complete contact information (e.g., address, 
phone, and email), (2) letter outlining academic achievements (including 
dissertation), research plans, and teaching philosophy. In addition, by 
the postmarked date of November 3, 2006, please send a hard copy of 
your curriculum vitae and cover letter to Dr. Jo Alyson Parker, Chair, 
Department of English, Saint Josephs University, 5600 City Ave., Philadelphia, 
PA 19131. Dossiers and writing samples will be requested after 
initial screening. Interviews at MLA. A Jesuit, Catholic institution, Saint 
Joseph’s University encourages applications from individuals of all backgrounds; 
it expects its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
in order to make a positive contribution to that mission. AA/EOE 
M/ 
F/
D/V 
[R] 

Saint Vincent C 

English, 300 Fraser Purchase Rd Latrobe PA 15650 

Assistant Professor of English (American Literature) 461 

http://www.
stvincent.edu 

ENGLISH (American Literature): Saint Vincent College, Latrobe, Pennsylvania, 
seeks applications for a full-time, tenure-track position in English 
as an Assistant Professor, beginning August 2007. 

Ph.D. in English in hand at time of appointment; competence in teaching 
survey and advanced courses in American Literature; evidence of 
excellence in undergraduate teaching; and a commitment to continuing 
scholarly activity. Preference will be given to candidates who can teach 
courses in 19th Century American Literature and Minority or Environmental 
Literature. Responsibilities include teaching courses in American 
Literature and Minority or Environmental Literature; freshman composition, 
and upper-division department seminars. The normal teaching load 
is four courses per semester. 

Applications must be received by Nov. 6, 2006. Interviews will be held 
at the MLA Convention in Philadelphia, PA. Saint Vincent College is a 
Catholic, Benedictine, liberal arts college of 1,600 students located thirtyfive 
miles southeast of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 

For a full description and application procedures, see: http://www.
stvincent.
edu/hr 


EOE 

Shippensburg U 

English, 1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Assistant Professor in Ethnic/Minority 
literature 611 

http://www.
ship.edu 

The Department of English seeks candidates for the tenure-track position 
of Assistant Professor in Ethnic/Minority 
literature of the United States, 
with research and coursework in literatures and cultures other than African 
American (including such areas as Latina/Latino, 
Native American, 
Caribbean American, Asian American, and Middle Eastern American literatures 
and cultures.), effective August 2007. Candidate must have a PhD 
in English from an accredited institution by appointment date. Twelvehour 
course load will include majors courses in the candidates area of expertise, 
literature surveys, and first-year writing courses. 

Candidates should demonstrate a commitment to undergraduate education, 
service to the university, scholarly activity, and diversity. The committee 
will request writing samples from selected candidates and will 
attend the MLA Convention in Philadelphia. A teaching demonstration 
will also be part of the on-campus interview process. 

Send application letter, curriculum vitae, official undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts, and three current letters of recommendation to: 

Richard Zumkhawala-Cook, Chair, Ethnic/Minority 
American Literature 
Search Committee, Department of English, Shippensburg University, 
1871 Old Main Drive, DHC 113, Shippensburg, PA 17257 

For more information about the Department of English and Shippensburg 
University, see www.ship.edu/~english. 

Review of applications begins November 1, 2006, and will continue until 
the position is filled. Upon appointment, all candidates must furnish proof 
of eligibility to work in the U.S. Shippensburg University is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 


Shippensburg U 

English, 1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Two Assistant Professor 616 

http://www.
ship.edu 

The Department of English seeks candidates for two positions, beginning 
August 2007. A PhD in English or doctorate in related field from an 
accredited institution is required. Expertise is required in at least one of 
the following: writing pedagogy, developmental writing, or professional 
writing; or English Language Arts Education. Candidates applying for the 
education position must have three years’ secondary teaching experience. 
Twelve-hour course load will include majors’ courses in candidate’s area 
of expertise and introductory literature and writing courses. 

Candidates should demonstrate a commitment to undergraduate education, 
service to the university, scholarly activity, and diversity. A demonstration 
of teaching effectiveness will be required as part of the on-campus 
interview. The committee will attend the NCTE and MLA. 

Qualif ied candidates should submit an application letter, curriculum 
vitae, official undergraduate and graduate transcripts, a sample syllabus, 
and three current letters of recommendation to: 

Dr. Shari Horner, Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
DHC 113, Shippensburg University, 1871 Old Main Drive, Shippensburg, 
PA 17257 

Email: slhorn@ship.edu (inquiries only; no email applications) 

Review of applications begins November 1, 2006, and will continue until 
the position is filled. Upon appointment, all candidates must furnish proof 
of eligibility to work in the U.S. Shippensburg University is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 


U of Pennsylvania 

English, Fisher-Bennett Hall Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Professor of English 809 

http://www.
english.upenn.edu 

We intend to fill a tenure-track position in British, Irish, and/or 
Anglophone 
literature of the modernist period (1900–1945). We are particularly 
interested in candidates who approach modernism in comparative or 
transnational ways or who specialize in issues of gender and sexuality. But 
we welcome applications from all candidates with expertise in literary and 
cultural production of this period. 



Please send letter of application, CV, and at least three letters of recommendation 
to James English, Dept of English, Fisher-Bennett Hall, University 
of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia PA 19104-6273. 

The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester. 
Salary and benefits will be competitive. Applicants are encouraged to 
apply by October 30. Applications will be reviewed starting on November 
1 and will be acknowledged by postcard. The University of Pennsylvania 
is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action employer. 
Women and 
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

U of Pennsylvania 

English, Fisher-Bennett Hall Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Professor of English 811 

http://www.
english.upenn.edu 

We hope to fill a tenure-track position in African-American literature. 
We are particularly interested in candidates who specialize in African- 
American women writers, but we welcome applications from others. 
Please send letter of application, CV, and at least three letters of recommendation 
to Thadious Davis, Dept of English, Fisher-Bennett Hall, 
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia PA 19104-6273. 

The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester. 
Salary and benefits will be competitive. Applicants are encouraged to 
apply by October 30. Applications will be reviewed starting on November 
1 and will be acknowledged by postcard. The University of Pennsylvania 
is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action employer. 
Women and 
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

U of Pennsylvania 

English, Fisher-Bennett Hall Philadelphia PA 19104 

Associate or Full Professor of English 812 

http://www.
english.upenn.edu 

We hope to fill one or more positions at any tenured rank in the field of 
modernism, broadly defined. We have needs in British, Irish, and Anglophone 
fiction of the period, and are particularly interested in candidates 
who approach modernism in comparative, transnational ways and/or 
who 
specialize in issues of gender and sexuality. But we welcome applications 
from all candidates with substantial records of publication and teaching in 
the field. 

Please send letter of application, CV, and names of at least three references 
to James English, Dept of English, Fisher-Bennett Hall, University 
of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia PA 19104-6273. 

The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester. 
Salary and benefits will be competitive. Applications will be reviewed 
starting on November 1 and will be acknowledged by postcard. The 
University of Pennsylvania is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action 
employer. 
Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant Professor, Fiction Writing 966 

http://www.
english.pitt.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Pittsburgh anticipates a 
position as an Assistant Professor in Fiction, beginning September, 2007, 
pending budgetary approval. Required: MFA or PhD by September 1, 
2007, teaching experience, and substantial publications. A book in print 
is preferred but we invite applications from all interested applicants with a 
completed manuscript that is being circulated and/or 
under serious consideration 
at a reputable publisher. The successful candidate will teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses as well as participate in a lively, nationally 
recognized Master of Fine Arts program that runs several reading 
and collaborative arts series on campus and in the community. 

Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure 
is awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. 

Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vita by November 1st to 
David Bartholomae, Chair, Department of English, 526 CL, University 
of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We plan to interview at the MLA 
in Philadelphia (December 27–30) or on campus in the first two weeks 
of January. E-mail is available for additional information only: barth@ 
pitt.edu. 

The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in 
academia are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Children’s Literature and Culture 955 

http://www.
english.pitt.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Pittsburgh anticipates 
a position as an Assistant or Associate Professor in Children’s Literature 
and Culture to begin Fall Semester, 2007, pending budgetary approval. 
We seek candidates with both teaching and scholarly interests in the field 
of children’s literature. We welcome applicants with a specialization in 
any area of British and American literary studies, including: Medieval, 
Renaissance, eighteenth-century 
British literature, nineteenth-century 
British literature, or twentieth-century 
British literature, early American 
literature, nineteenth-century 
American literature, or twentieth-century 
American literature. The successful candidate will have the opportunity 
to teach courses in a thriving interdisciplinary undergraduate program 
in children’s literature, a wide range of other undergraduate literature 
courses, and graduate seminars in his or her areas of scholarly interest. 

Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure 
is awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. PhD required 
by September 1, 2007. 

Applicants should send letter and curriculum vita by November 1st to 
David Bartholomae, Chair, Department of English, 526 CL, University 
of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We plan to interview at the MLA in 
Philadelphia (December 27–30). E-mail is available for additional information 
only: barth@pitt.edu. 

The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in 
academia are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant Professor, Poetry Writing 979 

http://www.
english.pitt.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Pittsburgh anticipates a 
position as an Assistant Professor in Poetry, beginning September, 2007, 
pending budgetary approval. Required: MFA or PhD by September 1, 
2007, teaching experience, and substantial publications. A book in print 
is preferred but we invite applications from all interested applicants with a 
completed manuscript that is being circulated and/or 
under serious consideration 
at a reputable publisher. The successful candidate will teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses as well as participate in a lively, nationally 
recognized Master of Fine Arts program that runs several reading 
and collaborative arts series on campus and in the community. 

Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure 
is awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. 

Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vita by November 1st to 
David Bartholomae, Chair, Department of English, 526 CL, University 
of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We plan to interview at the MLA 
in Philadelphia (December 27–30) or on campus in the first two weeks 
in January. E-mail is available for additional information only: barth@ 
pitt.edu. 



The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in 
academia are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant Professor, Film and/or 
Television History 961 

http://www.
english.pitt.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Pittsburgh anticipates a 
position as an Assistant Professor in Film and/or 
Television History, with 
preferred specialty or sub-specialty in New Media, pending budgetary 
approval. New Media, as positioned within the history and theory of the 
still and moving visual image, might include such areas as: video gaming, 
digital image theory, digital cinema and photography, computer-generated 
imaging, and/or 
the interconnection between computer and cinematic/
televisual 
culture. 

Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure 
is awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. PhD required 
by September 1, 2007. 

Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vita by November 1st to 
David Bartholomae, Chair, Department of English, 526 CL, University 
of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We plan to interview at the MLA in 
Philadelphia (December 27–30). E-mail is available for additional information 
only: barth@pitt.edu. 

The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in 
academia are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ursinus C 

English, PO Box 1000 Collegeville PA 19426 

Visiting Professor of Creative Writing 415 

http://www.
ursinus.edu 

Ursinus College seeks a Visiting Professor of Creative Writing for a 
term of up to three years. Candidate must present quality creative work, 
show excellence in teaching, and delight in a lively undergraduate writing 
scene. Specialties open, but should include demonstated expertise in 
writing for stage, screen, or television, and proficiency in teaching one or 
more areas of literature. 3/3 
teaching load. MFA or PhD required. 

Send application letter, c.v., and three letters of recommendation by November 
1, 2006 to Jon Volkmer, Director of Creative Writing, Ursinus 
College, P.O. Box 1000, Collegeville PA 19426. Please wait to send writing 
samples until requested. Interviews at MLA convention in December. 
Other arrangements may be made for exceptional candidates unable to 
attend MLA. 

Ursinus College is a highly selective, independent, co-educational, residential 
liberal arts college of 1600 students located about 25 miles northwest 
of center city Philadelphia. 

Ursinus is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
In keeping with the college’s historic 
commitment to equality, women and minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor of English 721 

http://english.
villanova.edu 

Tenure-track assistant professorship beginning Fall 2007 in American 
Literature and Culture before 1865, with a strong interest in Transcendentalism. 
Ph.D. required but candidates close to completion of degree 
may be considered. Send vita and complete dossier (with writing sample 
and graduate transcript) to Prof. Evan Radcliffe, Chair, English Dept., 
Villanova University, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villanova, PA 19085-1699, by 
November 10, 2006. Villanova University is a Catholic university sponsored 
by the Augustinian order. An AA/EEO 
employer, 
Villanova seeks a 
diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service, and especially teaching, 
who understand, respect, and can contribute to the Universitys mission 
and values. [R] 

West Chester U 

English, University & High St, Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor, 20th-century 
African American Literature 975 

http://www.
wcupa.edu 

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity 
and student success. West Chester University is seeking applicants 
for the position of Assistant Professor of 20th-century 
African American 
Literature. We are interested in someone with a special research interest 
in literary studies of civil rights activities in the U.S. in the 20th century. 
The position will involve teaching courses in 20th-century 
African 
American literature; surveys of American Literature and African American 
Literature; core courses for our English majors; and General Education 
courses (such as Intro to Lit and First-year Writing). The teaching 
load is 4/4. 


The successful candidate should have the PhD in hand, and should have 
experience teaching courses in 20th-century 
African American Literatures 
as well as First-year Writing. In addition, our preferred candidate 
will demonstrate interest in assuming a leadership role in the African and 
African American Literature concentration, as well as promoting multicultural 
and African American cultural activities on campus. 

The successful candidate should be able to demonstrate an active research 
agenda through a history of conference presentations as well as through 
articles submitted for publication. The successful candidate will also have 
secondary areas of interest that might include one or more of the following: 
19th-century 
African American literature; gender studies; cultural 
studies; whiteness studies; studies in social class and/or 
social movements; 
and/or 
literary intersections with social and political contexts. 

Finalists must successfully complete interview process and teaching demonstration. 
References with contact information will be required prior 
to interview. Highly competitive salary and benefits. Applicants should 
send letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, graduate and 
undergraduate transcripts to Dr. Anne Herzog, Chair, Department of 
English, West Chester University, West Chester, PA 19383-2124. Review 
of applications will begin October 9 and continue until position is filled. 
Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty and staff advances WCUs educational 
mission and strategic Plan for Excellence. West Chester University 
is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

West Chester U 

English, University & High St, Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor of English, Business Writing 883 

http://www.
wcupa.edu/ 

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is ref lected in its 
diversity and student success. West Chester University is seeking applicants 
for a full-time, tenure-track position as Assistant Professor beginning 
August 2007. Required: Ph.D. in Professional Writing, Professional 
Communication, English or Composition with demonstrated training in 
Business Writing, or related field. Degree must be completed by start of 
appointment. Preferred secondary qualifications include additional research 
or teaching in technical writing; research agenda in business and/ 
or 
technical writing; computer technology expertise related either to pedagogy 
or to research in this field; interest in developing community and 
business outreach programs; commitment to teaching English composition. 
Four-course (12 credit hour) load includes teaching writing courses 
for English majors, business/technical 
writing courses, and first-year composition, 
as well as graduate teaching opportunities. 



Finalists must successfully complete an on-campus interview that includes 
a scholarly presentation and a teaching demonstration. References are required 
prior to interview. Highly competitive salary and benefits. Applicants 
should send letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
graduate and undergraduate transcripts to Dr. Anne Herzog, Chair, Department 
of English, West Chester University, West Chester, PA 19383- 
2124. Review of applications will begin November 15 and continue until 
position is filled. Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty and staff advances 
WCUs educational mission and strategic Plan for Excellence. West 
Chester University is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

West Chester U 

English, University & High St, Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor English, Modern Drama 939 

http://www.
wcupa.edu 

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity 
and student success. West Chester University’s English Department 
seeks a specialist in Modern Drama (British, American, Comparative) to 
teach upper level drama courses and a range of general literature and composition 
courses for both majors and non-majors. Appointment to begin in 
August 2007. Ph.D. required in English, Comparative Literature, Theatre, 
or a related field. Secondary specialisation in trans-atlantic, post-colonial, 
or multi-ethnic literature desireable. Degree must be completed by start 
of appointment. The successful candidate will pursue an active scholarly 
agenda. Finalists must successfully complete an on-campus interview that 
includes a scholarly presentation and a teaching demonstration. Highly 
competitive salary and benefits. Applicants should send letter of interest, 
vita, three letters of recommendation, graduate and undergraduate transcripts 
to Dr. Anne Herzog, Chair, Department of English, West Chester 
University, West Chester, PA 19383-2124. Review of applications will 
begin November 15 and continue until position is filled. References with 
contact information will be required prior to interview. Developing and 
sustaining a diverse faculty and staff advances WCUs educational mission 
and strategic Plan for Excellence. West Chester University is an Affirmative 
Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

York C of Pennsylvania 

English & Humanities, Country Club Rd York PA 17405 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 648 

http://www.
ycp.edu 

The English and Humanities Department at York College of Pennsylvania 
invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant professor position in 
Rhetoric and Composition to begin August, 2007. The successful candidate 
will have the opportunity to contribute to both a growing major 
in Professional Writing and a recently revised, two-semester first-year 
writing sequence. While a range of teaching interests and experiences is 
welcome, candidates should possess special expertise in technologies associated 
with the teaching of writing, with the ability to develop new 
courses and teach existing courses such as Writing for the Web, Publication 
Management and Design, Advanced Technical Writing (including 
XTML) and New Media studies. The candidate will also have the opportunity 
to help develop our Professional Writing programs new wired 
writing lab and production studio, and to widen use of technology in the 
first-year writing sequence. For further information about the York College 
writing program, please contact Dr. Dominic Delli Carpini (dcarpini@
ycp.edu), Writing Program Administrator. Qualified candidates 
should possess an earned doctorate. Demonstrable success in the teaching 
of first-year writing and evidence of strong commitment to teaching undergraduates 
and to scholarly research is expected. The teaching load is 4/ 
4. 
York College is a comprehensive college offering over 50 baccalaureate 
majors in the arts, sciences, and professional fields. The college has an 
enrollment of 4500 full-time and 1000 part-time students. The campus 
is located in South-Central Pennsylvania (50 miles north of Baltimore), 
and offers competitive salaries and fringe benefits. Interested candidates 
should forward a letter of application, vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and three letters of reference to Dr. Dennis Weiss, Chair, English 
and Humanities Department, York College, York, PA 17405-7199. Send 
SASE for acknowledgement of application. Review of applications will 
begin immediately and continue until appointment is made. Interviews 
will be conducted at the Modern Language Association (MLA) annual 
convention in Philadelphia December. York College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Rhode Island 

Brown U 

English, Box 1852 Providence RI 02912 

Assistant Professor, British literatures and cultures (late 18th-and 19th- 
century) 
624 

http://www.
brown.edu/Departments/
English/ 

Assistant Professor, tenure track, 3-year renewable, effective July 1, 2007, 
in late 18th-and 19th-century 
British literatures and cultures, qualified to 
teach undergraduate and graduate courses that cover either or both centuries 
as well as courses that focus on some specialized area(s). We welcome 
applicants with interests in such interdisciplinary areas as cultural history, 
critical theory, transatlantic relations, literature and philosophy, print culture, 
literature and colonialism, literature and science, aesthetics, and gender 
and sexuality. Teaching experience, a strong commitment to teaching 
excellence, and a record or compelling promise of innovative research and 
publication are required. Send letter of application, dossier (c.v. and three 
letters of recommendation), and dissertation abstract to Professor Kevin 
McLaughlin, Chair, British Literature Search Committee, English Department, 
Box 1852, 70 Brown Street, Brown University, Providence, RI 
02912. 

Applications will be reviewed beginning November 1, 2006, and accepted 
until the position is filled. Brown University is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Bryant U 

English & Cultural Studies, 1150 Douglas Pike Rd Smithfield RI 02917 

Assistant Professor of Performance Studies 300 

http://www.
bryant.edu 

Assistant Professor in Performance Studies (tenure-track) to join an interdisciplinary 
literary and cultural studies department. Ph.D. or appropriate 
terminal degree required. This position would entail teaching introductory 
courses in English and Cultural Studies and upper-division courses in 
the applicants area of specialization. We are seeking a scholar/practitioner 
with specific area of specialization open. Candidates should be committed 
to maintaining excellence in teaching, establishing a scholarly publication 
record, and serving as an active member of the Bryant community. 

Review of applications begins on November 1 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Questions can be directed to Dr. Elizabeth Walden 
(ewalden@bryant.edu). 

Forward a letter of application, current vita, and three letters of reference 
to the Human Resources Office, Performance Studies-#548, Bryant 
University, 1150 Douglas Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917. Materials may be 
submitted electronically to humanresources@bryant.edu (Word or PDF 
attachments). 

Bryant University is a selective 4-year, residential university with a strong 
tradition in business education and developing strengths in the liberal arts. 
We offer a choice number of BA programs, as well as undergraduate and 
graduate degrees in business and information technology. We are located 
15 minutes northwest of Providence, one hour from Boston, and three 
hours from New York City. The University serves approximately 3,000 
undergraduates and 500 graduate (Masters-level) students. [R] 



Bryant U 

English & Cultural Studies, 1150 Douglas Pike Rd Smithfield RI 02917 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Ethnic Literatures of the U.S. 302 

http://www.
bryant.edu 

Assistant /Associate Professor in Ethnic Literatures of the United States 
with a specialization in African-American literature (tenure-track). Ph.D. 
in English or appropriate field required. Duties for this position include 
teaching in first-year seminars and upper level courses in ethnic literatures 
of the U.S. and assisting in coordination of the Africana/Black 
Studies 
minor. Candidates should be committed to maintaining excellence in 
teaching, establishing a scholarly publication record, and serving as an active 
member of the Bryant community. 

Review of applications begins on November 15 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Questions concerning the position can be directed to 
Dr. Terri Hasseler (thassele@bryant.edu). 

Forward a letter of application, current vita, and a list of three references 
to the Human Resources Office, Ethnic Literatures of the U.S.-#547, 
Bryant University, 1150 Douglas Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917. Materials 
may be submitted electronically to humanresources@bryant.edu (Word 
or PDF attachments). 

Bryant University is a selective 4-year, residential university with a strong 
tradition in business education and developing strengths in the liberal arts. 
We offer a choice number of BA programs, as well as undergraduate and 
graduate degrees in business and information technology. We are located 
15 minutes northwest of Providence, one hour from Boston, and three 
hours from New York City. The University serves approximately 3,000 
undergraduates and 500 graduate (Masters-level) students. [R] 

Bryant U 

English & Cultural Studies, 1150 Douglas Pike Rd Smithfield RI 02917 

Assistant Professor of Visual Studies 301 

http://www.
bryant.edu 

Assistant Professor in Visual Studies (tenure-track) to join an interdisciplinary 
literary and cultural studies department. Ph.D. or appropriate terminal 
degree required. The Department is seeking to develop offerings 
in Visual Studies. The position would include teaching interdisciplinary 
and thematically-based courses in New Media and Art History, as well as 
introductory courses in English and Cultural Studies. The area of specialization 
is open, and practicing artists are encouraged to apply. Candidates 
should be committed to maintaining excellence in teaching, establishing a 
scholarly publication record, and serving as an active member of the Bryant 
community. 

Review of applications begins on November 15 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Questions concerning the position can be directed to 
Dr. Martha Kuhlman (mkuhlman@bryant.edu). 

Forward a letter of application, current vita, and a list of three references 
to the Human Resources Office, Visual Studies-#549, Bryant University, 
1150 Douglas Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917. Materials may be submitted 
electronically to humanresources@bryant.edu (Word or PDF attachments). 


Bryant University is a selective 4-year, residential university with a strong 
tradition in business education and developing strengths in the liberal arts. 
We offer a choice number of BA programs, as well as undergraduate and 
graduate degrees in business and information technology. We are located 
15 minutes northwest of Providence, one hour from Boston, and three 
hours from New York City. The University serves approximately 3,000 
undergraduates and 500 graduate (Masters-level) students. [R] 

South Carolina 

Anderson U 

English, 316 Boulevard Anderson SC 29621 

Full-time, Tenure-track Generalist in English 462 

http://www.
andersonuniversity.edu 

Anderson University invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track 
generalist in English, with one or more of the following specialties: Creative 
Writing-Fiction, Composition/Rhetoric, 
Early American or British, 
starting August of 2007. Terminal degree and relevant undergraduate 
teaching experience required. Normal teaching load is four courses (12 
hours) per semester, including freshman composition and introductory 
literature courses. 

Send letter of application, vita, transcripts, three references complete with 
contact information plus relevant supporting materials of teaching ability 
to Ms. Denise Buchanan, Administrative Assistant for the College of Liberal 
Arts and Sciences, Anderson University, 316 Boulevard, Anderson, 
SC 29621. Email should be sent to dbuchanan@andersonuniversity.edu. 
Postmark/email 
deadline is November 1, 2006. 

Located in South Carolina, Anderson University is a comprehensive, liberal 
arts institution affiliated with the South Carolina Baptist Convention. 
Candidates with a strong Christian value system and a commitment to 
the integration of faith and discipline are encouraged to apply. Additional 
information about Anderson University is available online at www.andersonuniversity.
edu. [R] 

C of Charleston 

English, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424 

Assistant Professor of English 429 

http://www.
cofc.edu 

Assistant Professor of English with expertise in Composition Studies. 
Tenure-track position, beginning August 15, 2007. Ph.D. required and 
experience teaching composition highly desired. Candidates must be 
committed to teaching excellence and serious scholarship. The 9-hour 
load includes responsibilities at the freshman, sophomore, and upper levels 
(including Advanced Composition) with occasional opportunities to 
teach in the M.A. program. Interviewing at MLA. Send cover letter, c.v., 
teaching portfolio, and dossier (with current transcripts and three letters 
of recommendation) by November 3, 2006, to Dr. Larry Carlson, Chair, 
Dept. of English, College of Charleston, 26 Glebe St., Charleston, SC 
29424. Founded in 1770 and located in the heart of historic Charleston, 
the College of Charleston is a public liberal arts institution with a strong 
commitment to the teacher-scholar model for faculty. The College of 
Charleston is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer and encourages 
applications from all underrepresented groups [R] 

C of Charleston 

English, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424 

Instructorship in English 430 

http://www.
cofc.edu 

Instructorship in English with expertise in first-year composition. Renewable 
with possibility of long-term continuing appointment, beginning 
August 15, 2007. M.A. (minimum) required and experience teaching 
freshman composition highly desired. Candidates must be committed to 
teaching excellence. The 12-hour load includes both courses in our freshman 
composition sequence. Interviewing at MLA. Send cover letter, c.v., 
teaching portfolio, and dossier (with current transcripts and three letters 
of recommendation) by November 3, 2006, to Dr. Larry Carlson, Chair, 
Dept. of English, College of Charleston, 26 Glebe St., Charleston, SC 
29424. Founded in 1770 and located in the heart of historic Charleston, 
the College of Charleston is a public liberal arts institution with a strong 
commitment to the teacher-scholar model for faculty. The College of 



Charleston is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer 
and encourages 
applications from all underrepresented groups. [R] 

Clemson U 

English, Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 707 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english/ 

Pending funding and final approval, the Department of English at Clemson 
University seeks to hire a discipline-trained film scholar on the tenure 
track, at the assistant professor level, beginning August 2007. A successful 
applicant would teach undergraduate f ilm courses and assist in the 
development of the projected Ph.D. program in Film and International 
Culture. Completed Ph.D., experience in teaching film, and an active research 
agenda are all musts. The ideal candidate will be a specialist in one 
or more non-Hollywood traditions and/or 
in transnational film movements 
and genres, especially contemporary ones. Non-western interests 
and cultural/linguistic 
expertise are particularly desirable, as is training 
in post-classical theories and film history. The successful applicant would 
also teach non-film courses on occasion (literature, theory, cultural studies, 
etc.). Salary and teaching load competitive. Women and minorities are 
especially encouraged to apply. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson Universitys goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Architecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

For consideration for MLA interviews, please send a letter of application 
and a current CV by October 27, 2006 to: Clifton Egan, Interim Chair, 
Department of English, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634-0523. 

Clemson University is an AA/EEO 
employer 
and does not discriminate 
against any individual or group of individuals on the basis of age, color, 
disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation or 
veteran status. 

Clemson U 

English, Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism and the History of English Poetry 
712 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english/ 

Pending funding and final approval, the Department of English at Clemson 
University seeks to hire an assistant professor in British Romanticism 
and the History of English Poetry to 1832. An interest in the medieval 
period is desirable. The successful applicant will teach in the departments 
undergraduate and graduate literature programs, and should be prepared 
to contribute to one of the colleges interdepartmental Ph.D. programs. 
Completed Ph.D., teaching experience, and an active research agenda are 
all musts. Salary and teaching load competitive. Women and minorities 
are especially encouraged to apply. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson Universitys goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Architecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

For consideration for MLA interviews, please send a letter of application 
and a current CV by October 27, 2006 to: Clifton Egan, Interim Chair, 
Department of English, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634-0523. 

Clemson University is an AA/EEO 
employer 
and does not discriminate 
against any individual or group of individuals on the basis of age, color, 
disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation or 
veteran status. 

Clemson U 

English, Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor of Corporate Communication and Textual Production 709 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english/ 

Pending funding and final approval, the Department of English at Clemson 
University seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor, beginning 
August 2007. Candidates should have an active research agenda in corporate 
communication and the ability to teach additional courses in professional 
communication and the production of written and electronic texts. 
This new hire will contribute to our undergraduate emphasis area in 
Writing and Publication Studies and our MA in Professional Communication, 
and may be involved in our Ph.D. in Rhetorics, Communication, 
and Information Design. Candidates with experience in administration, 
professional rhetoric and communication, print and electronic editing, 
and/or 
intellectual property will be given special consideration. Salary 
and teaching load competitive. Women and minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson Universitys goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Architecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

For consideration for MLA interviews, please send a letter of application 
and a current CV by October 27, 2006 to: Clifton Egan, Interim Chair, 
Department of English, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634-0523. 

Clemson University is an AA/EEO 
employer 
and does not discriminate 
against any individual or group of individuals on the basis of age, color, 
disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation or 
veteran status. 

Clemson U 

English, Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor of Post-Colonial Anglophone Literature 710 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english/ 

Pending funding and final approval, the Department of English at Clemson 
University seeks to hire an assistant professor in post-colonial Anglophone 
literature. A secondary interest in African-American or Ethnic 
American Literature is desirable. A successful applicant would teach in the 
departments undergraduate and graduate literature programs, and would 
be prepared to contribute to the future Ph.D. program in Film and International 
Culture. Completed Ph.D., teaching experience, and an active 
research agenda are all musts. Salary and teaching load competitive. 
Women and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson Universitys goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Architecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

For consideration for MLA interviews, please send a letter of application 
and a current CV by October 27, 2006 to: Clifton Egan, Interim Chair, 
Department of English, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634-0523. 

Clemson University is an AA/EEO 
employer 
and does not discriminate 
against any individual or group of individuals on the basis of age, color, 
disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation or 
veteran status. 



Converse C 

For Langs, 580 E Main Spartanburg SC 29302 

Assistant Professor of English 645 

http://www.
converse.edu 

CONVERSE COLLEGE, a women’s liberal arts college seeks tenure track 
assistant professor of English to teach American literature, composition 
and strengths including some of the following: twentieth-century 
British 
literature, film studies, Southern literature, World literature and literary 
criticism. Start date August 2007. Ph.D. required. Preliminary interviews 
at MLA. Converse College’s mission commits us to seeking academic excellence 
in all that we do. We believe that a diverse faculty is essential to 
achieving excellence; thus, we strongly encourage applications from candidates 
from all racial, ethnic and cultural backgrounds. Send letter of application, 
CV, three letters of recommendation, and graduate transcript to 
Director of Human Resources, Converse College, 580 East Main Street, 
Spartanburg, SC 29306-0006. Deadline November 10. EOE 

Converse C 

For Langs, 580 E Main Spartanburg SC 29302 

Assistant Professor of English 764 

http://www.
converse.edu 

CONVERSE COLLEGE, a womens liberal arts college, seeks assistant 
professor of English to teach upper division creative writing and modern 
poetry courses, composition, introduction to literature, and survey in applicants 
area of expertise. MFA in creative writing or poetry and teaching 
experience required. Publication record desirable. A diverse faculty is essential 
to achieving academic excellence. Applicants from candidates from 
all racial, ethnic and cultural backgrounds strongly encouraged. Send letter 
of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation to Human 
Resources, Converse College, 580 E. Main St., Spartanburg, SC 29302- 
0006. Start date, August 2007. 

Review of applications will begin immediately. 

Presbyterian C 

Mod Langs, 503 S Broad St Clinton SC 29325 

English Faculty 870 

http://www.
presby.edu/acad/
resources/facemploy.
html 

The Department of English at Presbyterian College invites applications 
for a tenure track position in world literature and literary theory. We also 
seek expertise in women’s literature and a willingness to teach courses in 
Womens Studies. Ph.D. in hand preferred. The normal teaching load is 
four/three, 
and all department members teach both freshmen composition 
and upper level courses. For further information contact www.presby 
.edu/acad/
resources/facemploy.
html 

U of South Carolina at Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing Non-Fiction 496 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/ 


We invite applications for a tenure-track assistant professor position in 
Creative Writing Non-Fiction. MA, MFA, or PhD in Creative Writing 
or English required, as well as at least one published book and teaching 
experience. The successful applicant can expect to teach two courses per 
semester, including undergraduate classes and graduate seminars in our expanding 
M.F.A. program, which is establishing a record of literary prizes 
for publications by both faculty and recent MFA graduates. The University 
of South Carolina’s main campus in the state capital, close to mountains 
and coast, is ranked #54 in the nation among public universities, according 
to the latest rankings from U.S. News & World Report, and is ranked by 
the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution 
of “very high research activity.” The Department of English offers 
eight graduate degree tracks, including Ph.D. programs in literature and 
composition-rhetoric. The M.F.A. curriculum emphasizes literary studies 
as well as intensive workshop training in fiction and poetry. Applications 
should include a c.v., three confidential letters of recommendation, 
and examples of published work. Review of applications will begin on 
November 1st. Please direct applications to Janette Turner Hospital, Carolina 
Distinguished Professor and Chair of the Search Committee, Department 
of English, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC 29208. The 
University of South Carolina is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of South Carolina at Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Assistant Professor of English: American Literature 1900–1950 497 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/ 


We invite applications for a tenure-track position in Modern American 
Literature with an emphasis on fiction. We offer a friendly and exciting 
faculty, research support, and a 2–2 teaching load with opportunities in 
both undergraduate and graduate programs. Send letter of application, 
vita, dossier, and writing sample by October 29 to Tom Rice, Search 
Committee Chair, English Department, University of South Carolina, 
Columbia, SC 29208. The University of South Carolina is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of South Carolina at Aiken 

English, 471 University Pky Aiken SC 29801 

Assistant Professor of English 633 

http://www.
usca.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track position beginning August 
2007. Required: earned Ph.D. in English with primary expertise/ 
experience 
in modern British literature. Teaching responsibilities will include 
a four-course load per semester, combining first-year composition 
and undergraduate courses in specialization. Applicants must apply on line 
at: http://uscjobs.
sc.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=56096. 

The Department of English offers the B.A. in English; there are currently 
fourteen full-time faculty members. In addition to the on-line application, 
applicants must also send paper copies of transcripts, documentation 
of effective college-level teaching, and three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Lynne Rhodes, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
USCA, 471 University Parkway, Aiken, SC 29801. Review of applications 
will begin November 13, 2006 and continue until the position is 
filled. Visit: www.usca.edu. USCA is an AA/EOE. 


Inquiries: lynner@usca.edu [R] 

South Dakota 

Augustana C 

English/Journalism, 
29th & Summit Sioux Falls SD 57197 

Assistant Professor of English/American 
Literature 676 

http://www.
augie.edu/jobs 


Assistant Professor of English. The Department of English and Journalism 
at Augustana College invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track appointment 
in American literature. The successful applicant will carry a 3/ 
1/
3 load that includes teaching introductory courses in composition and 
literature, a survey course in American literature, and seminars in early 
and later American literature. Preference will be given to applicants with a 
Ph.D. in American literature. Desired secondary interests include American 
ethnic literatures and/or 
poetry. In addition, the successful applicant 
will demonstrate commitment to excellence in teaching, professional 



scholarly activity, and the mission of a private, liberal arts, church-related 
college. Salary is competitive, dependent upon qualifications, and includes 
excellent fringe benefits. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and close on November 1, 2006. Please send a cover letter, transcripts, a 
statement of teaching philosophy, a CV, and three recent letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Janet Blank-Libra, Chair, Department of English and 
Journalism, Box 763, Augustana College, 2001 South Summit Avenue, 
Sioux Falls, SD 57197. Augustana College is a college of the Evangelical 
Lutheran Church of America and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action/
Title 
IX Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Tennessee 

Christian Brothers U 

Lit & Lang, 650 East Parkway South Memphis TN 38104 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 655 

http://www.
cbu.edu 

The Department of Literature and Languages at Christian Brothers University 
is seeking a Ph.D. in English who specializes in John Milton and/ 
or 
Victorian Literature to fill a tenure-track position beginning fall semester, 
2007. Secondary specializations of particular interest are creative 
writing, rhetoric and composition, and critical theory. Normal teaching 
load is 12 hours per semester, including introductory courses in composition 
and literature. 

Christian Brothers University, a Catholic institution of higher education 
in the tradition of the Christian Brothers, emphasizes excellence in teaching 
and attention to the whole person in a values-oriented, interfaith educational 
community. An EOE University. Send letter of application, CV, 
and letters of reference to hrjobs@cbu.edu or by mail to English Search 
Committee, c/o 
Human Resources Office, Christian Brothers University, 
650 East Parkway South, Memphis, TN 38104-5581. Deadline for 
application is November 15, 2006. [R] 

Rhodes C 

English, 2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112 

Assistant Professor of English 904 

http://www.
rhodes.edu 

Tenure-track position in Early Modern British Literature with a specialty 
in Shakespeare studies, starting August 2007. Teaching load is 3/2, 
class 
size limited to 25. Competitive salary, with support for research travel. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. by August 2007, evidence of teaching excellence, 
and scholarly achievement or potential. Rhodes is a highly selective liberal 
arts and sciences college. Rhodes has been related to the Presbyterian 
Church USA since 1855. Rhodes College is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to diversity in the workforce. Letter, c.v., and dossier 
containing three professional references by 10 November for MLA 
interviews to Gordon Bigelow, Chair, Department of English, Rhodes 
College, 2000 North Parkway, Memphis, TN 38112. Applications will be 
acknowledged electronically. [R] 

U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 923 

http://cas.
memphis.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track position to begin Fall 2007. We welcome applications 
from writers with at least one book of creative nonfiction, published by 
a nationally recognized press. Must have terminal degree in hand by August 
2007. Teaching experience required. Secondary interest in fiction or 
poetry highly desirable. Enthusiastic participation in a rapidly-growing 
MFA program and non-traditional Ph.D. in textual studies is essential. 

Send letter of application, transcripts, current CV, a sample of writing, and 
three letters of recommendation to Creative Nonfiction Search Committee, 
Department of English, The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN 
38152. Screening will begin November 15, 2006, and may continue until 
the position is filled. The University of Memphis, a Tennessee Board of 
Regents institution, is an EO/AA/
Immigration Reform Act Employer. 


U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 911 

http://cas.
memphis.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track position to begin Fall 2007. Modern and Contemporary 
British Fiction. Teaching responsibilities will include British literature 
surveys, upper-division British literature, and graduate coursework in our 
Ph.D. program. 

Must have Ph.D. in hand by August 2007 and be able to demonstrate clear 
evidence of potential as teacher and scholar. Send letter of application, 
current CV, transcripts, a writing sample (limit of 25 pages), and three letters 
of recommendation (or a dossier that includes them) to Modern British 
Literature Search Committee, Department of English, The University 
of Memphis, Memphis, TN 38152. Screening will begin November 1, 
2006, and may continue until the position is filled. Minorities and women 
are encouraged to apply. The University of Memphis, a TN Board of Regents 
institution, is an EO/AA/
Immigration Reform Act Employer. 


U of Tennessee at Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Tenure-Track Assistant/Advanced 
Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and 
Composition 578 

http://web.
utk.edu/~english 

Candidates must hold a Ph.D. in Rhetoric, Composition, or related 
fields by August 1, 2007. They should show evidence of effective teaching 
and promise of distinguished scholarship addressing both rhetoric 
and composition and emphasizing at least one of these areas: research 
methods and design, literacy studies, composition theory, and theories 
of pedagogy. Interest and experience in writing program administration 
and TA training are desirable, as are secondary interests in ethnic 
rhetorics, literacies, and/or 
languages (e.g. African-American rhetorical 
cultures, digital literacy, second language writing, and global Englishes). 
Duties include active participation in both graduate and undergraduate 
programs, plus significant research and publication in Rhetoric and 
Composition. Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment 
provides ample support for research and travel. UT, a “Doctoral/
Research 
Extensive” institution, is the flagship university in the 
state system. The university welcomes and honors people of all races, 
creeds, cultures, and sexual orientations, and values intellectual curiosity, 
pursuit of knowledge, and academic freedom and integrity. Applications 
due by November 1, but the search will remain open until the 
position is filled. Send letter of application, vita, and 1–2 page abstract of 
dissertation or recent research project to David Goslee, Associate Head, 
Department of English, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996- 
0430. The University of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/
Title VI/Title 
IX/ 
Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA institution in the provision of its education 
and employment programs and services. [R] 

U of Tennessee at Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in American Literature (1860–1914) 587 

http://web.
utk.edu/~english 

Beginning Assistant Professor in American literature (1860–1914), tenure 
track. Promise of distinguished scholarship and evidence of effective 
teaching are essential. Ph.D. in hand or expected by August 1, 2007. Du



ties include active participation in both graduate and undergraduate programs, 
plus significant research and publication in American literature and 
culture. Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment 
provides ample support for research and travel. UT, a “Doctoral/Research 
Extensive” institution, is the flagship university in the state system. The 
university welcomes and honors people of all races, creeds, cultures, and 
sexual orientations, and values intellectual curiosity, pursuit of knowledge, 
and academic freedom and integrity. Applications due by November 
1, but the search will remain open until the position is filled. Send 
letter of application, vita, and 1–2 page abstract of dissertation or recent 
research project to David Goslee, Associate Head, Department of English, 
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. The University of 
Tennessee is an EEO/AA/
Title VI/Title 
IX/Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA 
institution in the provision of its education and employment programs 
and services. [R] 

U of Tennessee at Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Southern Literature 583 

http://web.
utk.edu/~english 

Tenure-track beginning Assistant Professor in Southern literature and culture 
with a secondary specialty in Appalachian and/or 
Native American 
literature and culture. Promise of distinguished scholarship and evidence 
of effective teaching are essential. Ph.D. in hand or expected by August 1, 
2007. Duties include active participation in both graduate and undergraduate 
programs, plus significant research and publication in Southern 
literature. Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment 
provides ample support for research and travel. UT, a “Doctoral/ 
Research 
Extensive” institution, is the flagship university in the state system. 
UT is implementing a multi-year initiative to foster intercultural and 
international awareness among undergraduates, and the person hired is 
encouraged to take an active role in this project. The university welcomes 
and honors people of all races, creeds, cultures, and sexual orientations, 
and values intellectual curiosity, pursuit of knowledge, and academic freedom 
and integrity. Applications due by November 1, but the search will 
remain open until the position is filled. Send letter of application, vita, 
and 1–2 page abstract of dissertation or recent research project to David 
Goslee, Associate Head, Department of English, University of Tennessee, 
Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. The University of Tennessee is an EEO/ 
AA/
Title VI/Title 
IX/Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA institution in the provision 
of its education and employment programs and services. [R] 

Vanderbilt U 

English, PO Box 1654B Nashville TN 37235 

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism 632 

http://www.
vanderbilt.edu/english/ 


We invite applications for a tenure-track position as an assistant professor 
in the field of British Romanticism. Candidates must have PhD in 
hand by the September 1, 2007 starting date. Please send CV and letter 
of application to Leah Marcus, Acting Chair, Department of English, 
2301 Vanderbilt Place, Station B Box 351654, Nashville, TN 37235- 
1654. Deadline: November 1, 2006. Women and minority candidates are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Vanderbilt is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Texas 

Angelo SU 

English, PO Box 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor 12 

http://www.
angelo.edu 

The Department of English at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in World literature with a secondary interest in Folklore. 
PhD required by August 1, 2007. Competitive entry-level salary. 
Teaching load normally twelve hours each semester, including upperlevel 
courses where qualified, along with courses in sophomore literature 
and freshman composition. Evidence of scholarly publication/activity 
desirable. Service to department, university, profession, and community 
expected. Send letter of application, CV, and names, addresses, and telephone 
numbers of three professional references to Nancy Allen, Head, 
Department of English, ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909- 
0894. Deadline open, but may close anytime after December 1, 2006. Department 
will interview at MLA in December. Angelo State University is 
located in San Angelo, a city of approximately 90,000. A state-sponsored 
coeducational institution governed by the Texas State University System, 
the University has an enrollment of approximately 6,200 students. As a 
regional, comprehensive university, it is fully accredited to award degrees 
at the associate, bachelors, and masters levels through its five colleges and 
twenty academic departments. The University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 

Angelo SU 

English, PO Box 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor 16 

http://www.
angelo.edu 

The Department of English at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in Rhetoric and Composition with emphasis in professional 
or technical writing or in English with substantial experience 
in teaching upper division professional writing courses and/or 
with substantial 
corporate experience. PhD required by August 1, 2007. Competitive 
entry-level salary. Teaching load normally twelve hours per semester, 
including courses in technical, business, and professional writing as well 
as composition. Other duties include development of existing specialization 
in Professional Writing, including developing curriculum, recruiting 
and retaining students, and establishing contacts with local business and 
industry. Evidence of scholary publication/activity 
desirable. Service to 
department, university, profession, and community expected. Send letter 
of application, CV, and names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three 
professional references to Nancy Allen, Head, Department of English, 
ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909-0894. Deadline open, but 
may close anytime after December 1, 2006. Department will interview at 
MLA in December. Angelo State University is located in San Angelo, a 
city of approximately 90,000. A state-sponsored coeducational institution 
governed by the Texas State University System, the University has an enrollment 
of approximately 6,200 students. As a regional, comprehensive 
university, it is fully accredited to award degrees at the associate, bachelor’s, 
and master’s levels through its five colleges and twenty academic 
departments. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Angelo SU 

English, PO Box 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor 13 

http://www.
angelo.edu 

The Department of English at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in early American literature with an emphasis in the 
1820–1870 period. PhD required by August 1, 2007. Competitive entrylevel 
salary. Teaching load normally twelve hours each semester, including 
upper-level courses where qualified, along with courses in sophomore 
literature and freshman composition. Evidence of scholarly publication/ 
activity 
desirable. Service to department, university, profession, and community 
expected. Send letter of application, CV, and names, addresses, and 
telephone numbers of three professional references to Nancy Allen, Head, 
Department of English, ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909- 
0894. Deadline open, but may close anytime after December 1, 2006. Department 
will interview at MLA in December. Angelo State University is 



located in San Angelo, a city of approximately 90,000. A state-sponsored 
coeducational institution governed by the Texas State University System, 
the University has an enrollment of approximately 6,200 students. As a 
regional, comprehensive university, it is fully accredited to award degrees 
at the associate, bachelors, and masters levels through its five colleges and 
twenty academic departments. The University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer. 
[R] 

Austin C 

English, 900 N Grand Av Sherman TX 75090 

Assistant Professor of English 263 

http://www. 
austincollege.edu/Jobs.
asp?828 

AUSTIN COLLEGE Department of English invites applicants at the 
assistant professor level for a specialist in English and/or 
European medieval 
literature (including Chaucer) with a secondary specialization in 
sixteenth-century 
English literature (including Shakespeare). In addition 
to courses in the above areas, teaching responsibilities will include introlevel 
literature courses and college-wide programs. Ph.D. required. Beginning 
August 2007. Send letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to Michael Imhoff, Vice President 
for Academic Affairs, 900 N. Grand Avenue, Sherman, TX 75090-4400. 
Review of applications begins immediately; deadline for applications is 
November 1, 2006. Interviews at MLA. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Baylor U 

English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor 289 

With a commitment to increasing diversity, the Baylor Department of 
English announces a tenure-track, rank-open line for a Rhetoric and 
Composition specialist, to begin Fall 2007. Upper-division undergraduate 
couses in our Professional Writing major. Also an occasional graduate 
seminar on a topic in Rhetoric/Composition 
Studies. Ability to teach 
Technical Writing. Active researcher with publications accepted and/ 
or 
in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General 
Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able to aff irm Baylor’s 
Christian identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed beginning 
16 October 2006, and will be accepted until the position is filled. MLA 
interviews. To ensure full consideration, applications should be completed 
by 28 November 2006. The position requires a letter of application, a c.v., 
and a dossier including at least three letters of recommendation, to be 
mailed to Professor Maurice Hunt; Chair, Department of English; One 
Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor 290 

With a commitment to increasing diversity, the Baylor English Department 
announces a tenure-track, rank-open position for a specialist in either 
Ethnic American Literature or Medieval Literature (No Old English 
specialists, please); to begin Fall 2007. Undergraduate and graduate teaching. 
Active researcher with publications accepted and/or 
in print. Baylor 
is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of 
Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer, 
Baylor 
encourages minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities 
to apply. Applicants should be able to affirm Baylor’s Christian identity 
and mission. Applications will be reviewed beginning 16 October 2006, 
and will be accepted until the position is f illed. MLA interviews. To 
ensure full consideration. applications should be completed by 28 November 
2006. The position requires a letter of application, a c.v., and a 
dossier including at least three letters of recommendation, to be mailed to 
Professor Maurice Hunt; Chair, Department of English; One Bear Place 
#97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. [R] 

Hardin-Simmons U 

Literature & Languages, 2200 Hickory, Box 16035 Abilene TX 79698 

Assistant Professor of English 110 

http://www.
hsutx.edu/admin/
hr/pro/
pro_fac.htm 

Hardin-Simmons University (HSU), an institution aff iliated with the 
Baptist General Convention of Texas, seeks Assistant Professor of English, 
tenure track 4/4. 
Shakespeare, Rhetoric/Composition 
a plus. Set 
to begin Fall 2007, applicants must be ABD by May 2007. Founded in 
1891, HSU has approximately 2,450 students. HSU and the Cynthia Ann 
Parker College of Liberal Arts are committed to higher education taught 
from the perspective of the Christian worldview. Send cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, philosophy of teaching in a Christian context, three letters 
of reference from within the profession, and evidence of quality teaching 
to: Laura Pogue, Chair/Department 
of Literature & Languages/HSU 
Box 
16035/Abilene, 
Texas 79698. Electronic submission of materials encouraged: 
lpogue@hsutx.edu. 

Deadline for application: November 1, 2006. 

See http://www.
hsutx.edu/admin/
hr/pro/
pro_fac.htm. [R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Technical and Professional 
Communication 986 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~fol_www 

Tenure-track appointment (new position), contingent on funding and final 
approval. Primary emphasis in technical and professional communication, 
secondary specialty open. Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required; 
publications, experience with technology desirable. Teach 3/3, 
including 
undergraduate and graduate courses in technical and professional 
communication and in secondary specialty and undergraduate courses in 
composition. 

Send letter of interest, c.v., and dossier by Nov. 17, 2006 to Bill Bridges, 
Department Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, P.O. 
Box 2146, Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX 77341. Applications 
will be acknowledged. Interviews: MLA, phone, or ITV. SHSU is an 
equal employment opportunity/affirmative 
action plan employer. 
[R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Latino/a 
Literature 988 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~eng_www 

Tenure-track appointment, contingent on funding and f inal approval. 
Primary emphasis ethnic literatures of the U.S., specialization in Latino/ 
Latina 
literature. Secondary specialty open, folklore expertise desirable. 
Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required; publications desirable. 
Teach 3/3, 
including undergraduate and graduate courses in Latino/ 
Latina 
literature and in secondary specialty and undergraduate courses in 
composition. 

Send letter of interest, c.v., and dossier by Nov. 17, 2006 to Bill Bridges, 
Department Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, P.O. 
Box 2146, Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX 77341. Applications 
will be acknowledged. Interviews: MLA, phone, ITV. SHSU is an 
equal employment opportunity/affirmative 
action plan employer. 
[R] 



Southern Methodist U 

English, PO Box 750435, 3225 University Blvd. Dallas TX 75275 

Assistant Professor of African Diaspora and/or 
African American Literature 
113 

http://www.
smu.edu/english/ 


We seek a tenure-track assistant professor in African Diaspora literatures 
of any period and/or 
African American literature before the twentieth 
century. In August 2007 the greatly augmented SMU English Department 
(with 3 new endowed chairs) will admit its first class of six students 
to its new Ph.D. program; this small, select, exceptionally well-funded 
doctoral program will build on the departments newly revised undergraduate 
curriculum and existing M.A. degree, with their recognized 
strengths in literary studies and creative writing. Candidates for this position 
should therefore have a demonstrated commitment to teaching and 
excellent potential as a publishing scholar. The Ph.D. from a literature department 
or appropriate area studies program must be completed no later 
than August 15, 2007. For full consideration, applicants must send a CV 
and a letter outlining teaching and research interests to Ezra Greenspan, 
Chair of the English Department, postmarked no later than October 20, 
2006, although the recruitment committee will continue to accept applications 
until the position is filled. Send no writing samples at this time. 
We will be interviewing at MLA and will notify applicants of our decisions 
after the position is filled. SMU will not discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, or veteran status. 
SMUs commitment to equal opportunity includes nondiscrimination on 
the basis of sexual orientation. We invite applications from women and 
minorities. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 390 

http://www-
english.tamu.edu/ 

The Department of English and the Interdisciplinary Program in Africana 
Studies invite applications for a tenure-track position, beginning Fall 
2007, in African-American Literature and Culture and Africana Studies 
with a specialization in the nineteenth century. This position will be a 
joint appointment in English and the Africana Studies Program. Research 
interests may include rhetoric, transatlanticism, visual and/or 
performance 
cultures, material culture, postcolonial studies, or literacy. 

A partner department in the Carnegie Foundation’s recent Initiative on 
the Doctorate, the English Department is also designated a “signature” 
department at Texas A&M University. The department houses several 
major journals and research initiatives, including Callaloo, the World 
Shakespeare Bibliography Online, and the Donne Variorum project. The 
department’s undergraduate and graduate programs offer concentrations 
in such areas as Comparative Literature and Culture, Early Modern British 
Studies, New Modern British Studies, American Studies, Film, Creative 
Writing, Discourse Studies, and Gender Studies. Africana Studies is 
an undergraduate interdisciplinary minor offered in the College of Liberal 
Arts. Its growing curriculum engages students in a wide range of interdisciplinary 
courses that study the Africana experience. The successful 
applicant will also benefit from the research opportunities made available 
through the Melbern G. Glasscock Center for Humanities Research, 
which provides support for individual scholars and research groups. 

Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty regularly teach two 
courses each semester, including both undergraduate and graduate courses 
in their specialty. The successful applicant will also be expected to participate 
actively in the development of the Africana Studies curriculum 
and program. Significant research support, including travel funds, is available 
through the English Department, the College of Liberal Arts, and 
the University. 

Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas 
A&M is an AA/EEO 
employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds 
to the needs of dual-career couples. Visit the English Department 
website at http://www-
english.tamu.edu/and 
the Africana Studies website 
at http://africana.
tamu.edu for more information about the English 
Department, the Africana Studies minor, and the university. 

The Search Committee will begin to review applications immediately. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a sample publication 
(article-length) to: Larry J. Reynolds, Chair/Search 
Committee/ 
Department 
of English/Texas 
A&M University/4227 
TAMU/College 
Station, TX 77843-4227. To be assured of full consideration, applications 
must be postmarked no later than November 1, 2006. Candidates who 
pass an initial screening will be asked to provide a dossier, including three 
letters of reference. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

Women’s Studies, TAMU 4351 College Station TX 77843 

Assistant Professor in Gender and the Media 190 

http://wmst.
tamu.edu 

The candidate must have a Ph.D. in Media Studies, Mass Communication, 
Communication or related fields, as well as a demonstrated commitment 
to Womens Studies as a discipline (a graduate certificate or advanced 
degree in Womens Studies is a plus, but candidates might also fulfill this 
requirement through a track record of publications and/or 
dissertation 
work in the area of gender studies). The best candidate also would have 
media experience. The candidate should have a primary interest in gender 
and the media; broadcast, film, and/or 
new media would all be acceptable 
focuses. Particularly desirable would be a focus on gender in any 
of the following areas: documentary film or broadcast, television news, 
the Internet, international media studies, ethnic media studies, media and 
sexuality. The candidate must be prepared to teach on a regular basis Introduction 
to Womens Studies and introductory and/or 
writing, editing, 
and design courses offered through Journalism Education, in addition to 
developing new courses. For full consideration, applicants should send a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching 
interests, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation by 1 November 
2006 to: 

Media Studies Search Committee, Womens Studies Program, Texas 
A&M University, 4351 TAMU, College Station, TX 77843-4351 

If you have questions about this search, please direct e-mails to Anne 
Morey, Search Committee Chair, at amorey@tamu.edu. 

Texas A&M University is an AA/EEO 
Employer 
and has a policy of being 
responsive to the needs of dual-career couples. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

Women’s Studies, TAMU 4351 College Station TX 77843 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Women’s Studies 191 

http://wmst.
tamu.edu 

The Department of Communication and the Women’s Studies Program 
at Texas A&M University, College Station, TX, invite applications for a 
tenure-track position in RHETORIC AND WOMEN’S STUDIES at 
the rank of assistant professor, starting September 1, 2007. We seek candidates 
who have a primary interest in women’s social movement rhetoric 
both in the U.S. and in international contexts, or who have an interest 
in the relationship of communication and gender in everyday contexts. 
Interests in class, race, and ethnicity-based social movement rhetoric are 
also desirable. The candidate will teach courses in Communication and 
Women’s Studies (including Introduction to Women’s Studies). Applicants 
should have a Ph.D. in rhetorical studies in communication or a related 
field, a demonstrated commitment to Women’s Studies as a discipline (a 
graduate certificate or advanced degree in Women’s Studies is desirable 
but not necessary), and a record of or potential for strong scholarly publication 
and successful teaching. 

For full consideration, applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, statement of research and teaching interests, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation by 1 November 2006 to: 



Dr. J ame s Aune, Cha i r, Se a rch Commit tee, Depa r tment of 
Communication, 
Texas A&M University, TAMU 4234, College Station, 
TX 77843-4234 

Texas A&M University is an AA/EEO 
institution, is deeply committed to 
diversity, and responds to the needs of dual-career couples. [R] 

Texas Christian U 

English, PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 503 

http://www.
tcu.edu 

The TCU English Department invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant 
professor in Composition and Rhetoric with preferred specializations 
in modern rhetoric, technology, and/or 
writing in the professions. 
Commitments to teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate levels 
and to sustained research in composition and rhetoric are expected. 
Background in a literary area is desirable. Competitive teaching load and 
salary, and generous research support. Ph.D. required by August 2007. 
Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. Please send letter of application 
and vita to Dan Williams, Chair; Department of English; Texas 
Christian University; TCU Box 297270; Fort Worth, TX 76129. Review 
of applications begins November 1; those received by November 17 will 
be considered for MLA interviews. TCU, a private, secular institution 
of approximately 9,000 students located in Fort Worth, is an AA/EO 
employer. 


Texas SU-San Marcos 

English, 601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor—Children’s Literature 478 

http://www.
english.txstate.edu/ 

Tenure-track position beginning Fall 2007, specialty in children’s literature. 
Earned doctorate in English or other appropriate field required. 
Successful candidate will maintain active research agenda and teach and 
develop graduate and undergraduate courses in children’s literature. 
Teaching of lower-division courses, such as literature surveys and firstyear 
composition, also expected. Please send letter, CV, and dossier to 
Prof. Michael Hennessy, Chair, at above address. Review of applications 
begins October 31, 2006, and will continue until the position is filled. 
Texas State University-San Marcos, located in the burgeoning Austin-San 
Antonio corridor, enrolls more than 26,000 students in a wide range of 
undergraduate and graduate programs. The university is an equal opportunity 
educational institution and is committed to increasing the diversity 
of its faculty. Texas State University-San Marcos is a member of the Texas 
State University System. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial Literature 738 

http://www.
english.ttu.edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor with a specialization 
in Postcolonial/Global 
Literature. Desirable subspecialties include anglophone 
literatures of Africa, Southeast Asia, the Caribbean, or India. 
Tenure-track. 2/2 
load during first two years; 3/3 
thereafter with opportunities 
for reduction to 3/2. 
Graduate and undergraduate courses; service 
on thesis and dissertation committees. Ph.D. required. We are interested 
in candidates with publications or publication potential. We especially 
encourage applications from candidates also f luent in the language(s) 
representing the geographical area of the literature under study (i.e., a Caribbean 
Creole, Hindi, Punjabi, etc.) 

The Department of English is large (50 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with four undergraduate 
divisions, two masters, and two doctoral programs. The universitys 
Southwest Collection/Special 
Collections library (www.swco.ttu.edu) 
offers 
important resources for research, including the Vietnam Archive. A 
new building provides state-of-the-art classrooms. Texas Tech is a growing 
university, encompassing a law school and medical school as well as 
colleges of Arts and Sciences, Agriculture, Architecture, Business Administration, 
Engineering, Human Sciences, Mass Communication, and 
Visual and Performing Arts. The College of Arts and Sciences represents 
35% of the total enrollment of 29,000. 

For more information, please see www.english.ttu.edu. 

Candidates must apply online at jobs.texastech.edu (No. 72361), attaching 
a letter of application and curriculum vitae. Applications will be accepted 
until the position is filled; the committee will start screening applications 
on November 1, 2006. Direct inquiries to english@ttu.edu. TTU is an 
Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages applications 
from minorities and women. [R] 

Trinity U 

English, 1 Trinity Pl San Antonio TX 78212 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 22 

http://www.
trinity.edu 

Recent Ph.D. (or near Ph.D.) in English with research specialty in Early 
Modern British Drama including Shakespeare, with broad-based, survey 
knowledge of British Literature before 1800, and with related interests 
in one or more of the following areas: Gender and Sexuality, Material 
Culture, Colonialism, Racialization, and Literary and Cultural Theory. 
Teach three undergraduate classes each semester, including upper-level 
courses in Shakespeare and Early Modern British Drama, lower-level 
survey courses in British Literature before 1800, and first-year writing 
courses. Application letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, three 
confidential academic reference letters (not to be sent by candidate), dissertation 
abstract, and writing sample (no more than 20 pages), to be sent 
(surface mail only) by November 20, 2006, to: Professor Victoria Aarons, 
Chair, Department of English, Trinity University, 1 Trinity Place, San 
Antonio, Texas 78212-7200, [Email: vaarons@trinity.edu] [R] 

Trinity U 

English, 1 Trinity Pl San Antonio TX 78212 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 23 

http://www.
trinity.edu 

Trinity University invites applications for a tenure-track position at the 
assistant professor level in creative writing, with a specialization in poetry 
writing and related interests in fiction writing or creative-nonfiction. Appropriate 
terminal degree (M.F.A. or Ph.D.) and/or 
nationally-recognized 
publications; relevant teaching experience. The successful candidate will 
be expected to teach three undergraduate classes each semester, including 
courses in Poetry Writing, Writing Workshop, and participation in the 
forthcoming Arts in America Interdisciplinary Program. Teaching competencies 
required: ability to teach introductory courses in poetry writing, 
advanced poetry writing, courses in fiction writing and/or 
creative 
non-fiction, and introductory courses in composition. Application letter, 
curriculum vitae, academic transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
and writing sample (no more than 20 pages), to be sent (surface mail only) 
by November 20, 2006 to: 

Professor Victoria Aarons, Chair, Department of English, Trinity University, 
1 Trinity Place, San Antonio, Texas 78212-7200, [Email: vaarons@ 
trinity.edu] 

Trinity University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Minority and women candidates are encouraged to apply. 



U of Houston-Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor of English, Literature/Composition 
906 

http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/humanities/
english 

Four fully funded tenure-track positions beginning August 2007. Expertise 
in one of the following: drama of any period (excluding Shakespeare), 
British poetry of any period, postcolonial literature, rhetoric and composition, 
film studies, and world literatures (ancient or modern). All members 
of the department teach composition and sophomore literature surveys. 
Candidates must demonstrate training, experience, and/or 
scholarship in 
composition. Ph.D. completed by Fall 2007 preferred. 

UHD, an urban, open-admissions university, serves a diverse student 
population in Houston’s vibrant city center. Faculty at this teaching-oriented 
institution carry a 4/4 
load. Budgeted nine-month salary for each 
position is $45,898; summer teaching for additional salary is frequently 
available. Information available at http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/
humanities/
english/degrees_
and_programs.html. 

Complete application f iles are due November 3 for MLA interviews. 
Search will remain open until positions are filled. Send letter of application, 
CV, statement of teaching philosophy, and photocopies of transcripts 
to Dr. Nell Sullivan, Literature/Composition 
Search Committee Chair, 
English Department, Suite S-1045, University of Houston-Downtown, 
One Main Street, Houston, TX 77002-1001. 

UHD does not sponsor applicants for H-1B visas. AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of Houston-Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor, Professional Writing & Technical Communication 884 

http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/humanities/
english 

Two new, fully funded, tenure-track positions in an expanding, 16-member 
professional writing program. Teach upper-level business and technical 
report writing and related courses such as legal writing, documentation 
and manuals, proposal writing, advanced business and technical report 
writing, visual design, and others in our recgonized BS and growing MS 
programs. New usability/accessibility 
lab available for teaching and research. 
Ph.D. or relevant terminal degree required; earned by fall 2007 a 
plus. Industry experience a plus. We seek candidates with university-level 
teaching experience and potential to research and publish in the field. 

UHD is an urban, open-admissions, multicultural, teaching university, 
located in the center of top medical, oil & gas, and aerospace industries. 
Usual undergraudate teaching load is 4/4. 
The new positions are 
budgeted at $47,000 for 9-month appointments. Summer teaching with 
additional salary is frequently available. For information about the department, 
check http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/humanities/
english/
degrees_
and_programs.html. 

Applications accepted beginning immediately. Search open until positions 
are filled. 

Send your letter of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and unofficial transcripts to Dr. Joe Strange, Professional Writing Search 
committee, English Department, Suite S-1045, University of Houston- 
Downtown, One Main Street, Houston, TX 77002 or electronically to 
strangej@uhd.edu. 

Only applicants eligible for employment in the U.S. will be considered. 
AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

English-Rhetoric & Composition 106 

http://www.
uh.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Houston is seeking an 
established scholar, at either the rank of associate or full professor, with an 
excellent publication record in Rhetoric and Composition. The successful 
candidate must have a demonstrated record of excellence in teaching and 
experience in graduate supervision, and he or she must be interested in 
assuming a leadership role in developing a strong program in composition 
and pedagogy to complement the English Departments internationallyrecognized 
program in creative writing. Faculty at UH teach in both the 
graduate and undergraduate programs. 

The University of Houston is the premier public doctoral institution in the 
nations fourth largest city. Please send letter, curriculum vitae, and dossier 
to Professor Wyman H. Herendeen, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Houston, Houston, Texas 77204-3013. Review of applications 
will begin 15 November 2006 and will continue until the position is 
filled. The University of Houston is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Creative Writing-Poetry and Fiction 949 

http://cwp@
uh.edu 

The Creative Writing Program of the Department of English at the University 
of Houston is seeking to fill at least two tenure track or tenured 
positions, at least one in poetry and at least one in f iction at a level to 
be determined by relevant experience and publications. Ideally, applicants 
should have published at least 2 books, have an MFA or PhD degree in 
Creative Writing, and a proven track record as an effective teacher. Teaching 
load is two courses a semester for two semesters a year. Please send 
letter and vita to j. Kastely, Director, Creative Writing Program, Dept. 
of English, University of Houston, Houston, TX 77204-3013. On-line 
applications are acceptable, send to CWP@UH.EDU. Review of applications 
will begin November 1, 2006; MLA interviews. The University 
of Houston is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative action employer. 
Minorities, 
women, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Caribbean or Africana Literature 196 

http://universityofhouston 


The Department of English at the University of Houston seeks an Assistant 
Professor in Caribbean studies or Africana studies with some interest 
in the Caribbean. Period is open. We have a strong interest in research 
projects with a transnational, comparative approach. The successful candidate 
will be expected to contribute to our existing strengths in literature 
of the Americas and hemispheric studies. Faculty at the University of 
Houston teach in both the graduate and undergraduate programs. 

The University of Houston is the premier public doctoral institution in 
the nations fourth largest city. Please send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and dossier, including three letters of reference, to Professor 
Wyman H. Herendeen, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Houston, Houston, Texas 77204-3013, by 6 November 2006. The University 
of Houston is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Creative Writing-Poetry and Fiction 948 

http://cwp@
uh.edu 

The Creative Writing Program of the Department of English at the University 
of Houston is seeking to fill at least two tenure track or tenured 
positions, at least one in poetry and at least one in f iction at a level to 



be determined by relevant experience and publications. Ideally, applicants 
should have published at least 2 books, have an MFA or PhD degree in 
Creative Writing, and a proven track record as an effective teacher. Teaching 
load is two courses a semester for two semesters a year. Please send 
letter and vita to j. Kastely, Director, Creative Writing Program, Dept. 
of English, University of Houston, Houston, TX 77204-3013. On-line 
applications are acceptable, send to CWP@UH.EDU. Review of applications 
will begin November 1, 2006; MLA interviews. The University 
of Houston is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative action employer. 
Minorities, 
women, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

U of Houston-Clear Lake 

Lit Prog, 2700 Bay Area Blvd, Box 250 Houston TX 77058 

Assistant Professor of Humanities 67 

http://www.
uhcl.edu 

The University of Houston-Clear Lake invites applications for a tenuretrack 
assistant professorship in humanities beginning August 2007. We 
seek applicants from the fields of philosophy, religious studies, literature, 
or history with specialization in non-Western texts and traditions: Asian 
or African or pre-Columbian American. Teaching includes a graduate 
course that integrates non-Western philosophical, religious, historical, and 
literary traditions, as well as an upper-level undergraduate course of similar 
scope. Successful candidate will also teach upper-level undergraduate 
survey courses in Western traditions, with additional teaching available in 
his/her 
specialty. Candidates must demonstrate potential for high-quality 
research as well as excellent teaching. Ph.D. required. 

UHCL is a culturally diverse, upper-level university ( juniors, seniors, and 
masters students) adjacent to NASA-Johnson Space Center. Located in the 
Clear Lake recreational area, the campus is 30 minutes from downtown 
Houston. Applications accepted only online at https://jobs.uhcl.edu. To 
apply, please complete the online faculty application and include a letter 
of interest and vita. In addition, please mail 3 letters of recommendation 
and graduate transcript to: Chair, Humanities Assistant Professor Search 
Committee, University of Houston-Clear Lake, 2700 Bay Area Blvd., 
MC 416, Houston, Texas 77058-1098. Review of completed applications 
begins immediately; applications must be received before November 15th. 
Proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. must be provided. An Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer 
supporting workplace diversity. We 
reserve the right not to fill the position. 

U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 504 

http://www.
engl.unt.edu 

Tenure-track position in Composition and Rhetoric, beginning 9/ 
2007, 
pending approval. Assistant or Associate Professor, depending on 
qualifications and experience. Salary competitive. Required qualifications 
include a Ph.D., a strong publication record in the primary area of 
specialization, and significant teaching experience. We seek a candidate 
whose record as a researcher and a teacher either merits tenure now or 
will do so shortly. Administrative experience highly desirable. The successful 
candidate will teach advanced undergraduate and graduate courses 
in the primary area of specialization and possibly become our next Director 
of Freshman Composition. The normal teaching load for productive 
faculty is 3/2, 
with appropriate course reductions for administrative positions. 
Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. 
David Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, University of North 
Texas, P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. We will begin considering 
applications on October 15, 2006, and the position will remain 
open until filled. UNT is an AA/EO 
employer 
that values diversity and 
is located in the culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/Fort 
Worth 
metroplex. [R] 

U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of English 512 

http://www.
engl.unt.edu 

Tenure-track position in American literature and culture of the early 
national and antebellum periods, beginning 9/2007, 
pending approval. 
Specialization in slavery, abolition, and the Civil War desirable. Desirable 
secondary areas of specialization include: visual culture, science and 
literature, and American studies. Required qualifications include a Ph.D. 
and strong publication record in the primary area of specialization as well 
as significant experience teaching American literature from the colonial 
period to 1900. The normal teaching load for productive faculty is 3/ 
2. 
Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. 
David Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, University of North 
Texas, P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. We will begin considering 
applications on October 15, 2006, and the position will remain 
open until filled. UNT is an AA/EO 
employer 
that values diversity and 
is located in the culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/Fort 
Worth 
metroplex. [R] 

U of Texas at Austin 

Cntr for Asian American Studies, 1 University Station A2200 Austin 
TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of English and Asian American Studies 93 

http://www.
utexas.edu/cola/
depts/aas/ 


Area: Asian American Studies; discipline: English; field of specialization: 
Asian American Literature. The College of Liberal Arts at The University 
of Texas at Austin invites applications for an Assistant Professor position in 
Asian American Studies, beginning September 1, 2007. Applicants should 
have a Ph.D. in hand or dissertation close to completion. Appointees are 
expected to engage in high quality research, be effective teachers at the 
undergraduate and graduate levels, and assist students in research projects, 
theses and dissertations. Service (to the Center, Department, College, and 
University) is also expected. Applicants should provide a letter, vita, abstract, 
writing sample, 3 letters of recommendation, and teaching evaluations 
reflecting all levels of teaching. Applications should be postmarked 
by November 1, 2006 and sent to Dr. Madeline Hsu, Director, Center for 
Asian American Studies, The University of Texas at Austin, 1 University 
Station A2200, Austin, TX 78712-0135. AA/EEO 
Employer. 
A background 
check will be conducted prior to hire. Position funding is pending 
budgetary approval. [R] 

U of Texas at Austin 

English, PAR 108 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of Language and Linguistics 217 

http://www.
utexas.edu/cola/
depts/english/ 


University of Texas at Austin. Department of English. Assistant Professor 
of English. Assistant professorship with specialization in English language 
and linguistics to begin fall semester 2007. Qualif ications: Applicants 
should have completed all requirements for PhD by August 20, 2007, 
documented success and promise as a university level teacher, and a clearly 
defined research agenda. The successful candidate will teach graduate and 
undergraduate (including lower division) courses, direct doctoral dissertations, 
MA reports, honors theses, publish extensively, and provide service 
to the Department, College, and University. Diversity is welcomed. Position 
funding is pending budgetary approval. 

Please send letter and cv to Elizabeth Cullingford, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712-1164. Application 
deadline: October 15, 2006. Background check conducted on applicant 
selected. The University of Texas at Austin is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 




U of Texas at Arlington 

English, PO Box 19035 Arlington TX 76019 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English and Writing Program 
Administrator 589 

http://www.
uta.edu/english 


The University of Texas at Arlington invites applications for the tenure 
track or tenured position of Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
and Writing Program Administrator (WPA), starting in the Fall semester 
of AY 2007–08; the WPA has a 2/1 
teaching load per academic year, 
including undergraduate and graduate teaching, and thesis and dissertation 
supervision. The WPA will work with and supervise the Director 
of the First-Year English Program (FYEP), the Director of the Writing 
Center, and the Coordinator of Developmental English. The WPA will 
also be responsible for supervising graduate teaching assistant training 
and coordinating outcomes assessments for the individual programs listed 
above as well as for the English Department as a whole. Additional duties 
will include serving as a liaison between the English Department and 
other University departments and programs, providing leadership and assistance 
in the development of cross-disciplinary writing programs and 
initiatives. The WPA must be an active researcherpreferably in two or 
more of the following areas: writing program theory and administration, 
writing center theory and administration, assessment, pedagogy of 
writing, writing across the curriculum (WAC), and writing in the disciplines 
(WID). Additional research or experience in ESL, technical writing, 
educational technology, distance learning, learning communities, or 
service learning is desirable. Minimal qualifications are a PhD in English, 
Rhetoric, Composition, or a related field as well as experience as a 
writing program administrator or a similar administrative position. Salary 
and rank are commensurate with credentials/experience; 
salary is based 
on a nine-month contract. Summer teaching is a possibility. Located in 
the Dallas-Forth Worth metropolitan area, UT Arlington is rated a Doctoral/
Research 
Extensive University by the Carnegie Foundation and offers 
an M.A. and Ph.D. in English. Applications must be postmarked no 
later than November 15 if applicants wish to be considered for an MLA 
interview. Position open until filled. Send letter of application, writing 
sample, and CV to Professor Kevin Porter, Chair, WPA Search Committee, 
English Department, P.O. Box 19035, University of Texas at Arlington, 
Arlington, TX 76019-0035. UT Arlington is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Texas at El Paso 

Creative Writing, 500 West University Ave Liberal Arts Room 415 El 
Paso TX 79968 

Tenure-track Assistant Professorhip in Creative Writing 802 

http://www.
utep.edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professorship in creative writing. Specialty open: 
fiction, poetry, playwriting and/or 
screenwriting beginning September 1, 
2007. Translation and non-fiction also of interest as secondary specialties. 
The candidate must be bilingual, Spanish/English, 
and able to deliver 
instruction in both languages. At the graduate and undergraduate levels 
teach workshops and literature courses. Successful applicant will also teach 
one online course each year in our new Online MFA. Salary competitive. 
MFA or PhD required. 

Interviews for this position will be conducted at the Modern Language 
Association convention. Preference given to applications received by November 
17, 2006, but position will remain open until filled. 

The Department of Creative Writing at the University of Texas El Paso is 
the only such program in the United States to offer fully bilingual study. It 
currently has 35 full-time graduate students and the undergraduate major 
has 170 students and is growing rapidly. We offer a broad-gauged curriculum 
that trains students in Fiction, Poetry, Non-Fiction, Playwriting 
and Screenwriting, as well as literary theory and the history of form. Our 
MFA student body is international and cosmopolitan. We produce the 
Rio Grande Review, a bilingual publication with a strong international 
dimension. Our highly productive faculty has a distinct presence on the 
national literary scene. Our website is www.utep.edu/cw 


Please send cover letter, résumé, and the name, address and telephone of 
three references to: Johnny Payne, Chair, Dept. of Creative Writing, Liberal 
Arts 415, 500 W. University Ave., El Paso TX, 79968. 

The University of Texas at El Paso does not discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, veterans status or 
sexual orientation in employment or in the provision of services. 

U of Texas at El Paso 

English, 500 W University Av, 113 Hudspeth Hall El Paso TX 79968 

Assistant Professor, Emergent Literatures 652 

http://www.utep.
edu/ 

The University of Texas at El Paso Department of English invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor, tenure-track position in emergent literatures, 
beginning fall 2007. Focus primarily on emergent and postcolonial 
literature, but will give special consideration to candidates with additional 
abilities in one or more of the following areas: 20th Century British literature; 
Latino/a 
literature; world literature in translation; theory. Position 
includes undergraduate and graduate teaching. First year load is 2/ 
2; 
thereafter 3/3. 
Ph.D. and demonstrated scholarly activity in the field of 
emergent literature is required. We are especially interested in candiates 
committed to working with students of diverse backgrounds. Application 
deadline November 1, 2006. Send letter of application, CV and dossier 
(including at least three letters of recommendation) to Dr. David Ruiter, 
Director of Literature, English Department, UTEP, 500 W. University 
Avenue, El Paso, Texas 79968-0526. UTEP, an Equal Opportunity Affirmative 
Action employer, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, 
national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation 
in employment or the provision of services and particularly encourages 
members of historically under-represented groups to apply. 

Utah 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric/Composition 
571 

The Department of English invites applications for permanent positions 
in Rhetoric and Composition. Successful candidates will show evidence 
of excellence in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. 
Salary, benefits, and teaching load competitive. PhD completion preferred 
by starting date. Applications are completed online at http://yjobs.
byu 
.edu (select full-time faculty, then follow the link to Faculty-English). 
Initial applications include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. 
These must be submitted by November 15. Application materials may be 
attached to the online application or sent to Faculty Search Committee, 
Department of English, 4198 JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, 
Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity employer, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, 
veteran status, or against qualified individuals with disabilities. All faculty 
are required to abide by the universitys honor code and dress and 
grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members in good 
standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 569 

The Department of English invites applications for permanent positions 
in American literature, all areas considered. Successful candidates will 
show evidence of excellence in teaching and significant scholarly potential. 
Rank open. Salary, benef its, and teaching load competitive. PhD 



completion preferred by starting date. Applications are completed online 
at http://yjobs.
byu.edu (select full-time faculty, then follow the link to 
Faculty-English). Initial applications include the on-line application, 
cover letter, and vita. These must be submitted by November 15. Application 
materials may be attached to the online application or sent to Faculty 
Search Committee, Department of English, 4198 JFSB, Brigham Young 
University, Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity 
employer, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, 
age, national origin, veteran status, or against qualified individuals with 
disabilities. All faculty are required to abide by the universitys honor code 
and dress and grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members 
in good standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of English 574 

The Department of English invites applications for permanent positions, 
all areas considered. Successful candidates will show evidence of excellence 
in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. Salary, 
benefits, and teaching load competitive. PhD completion preferred by 
starting date. Applications are completed online at http://yjobs.
byu.edu 
(select full-time faculty, then follow the link to Faculty-English). Initial 
applications include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. These 
must be submitted by November 15. Application materials may be attached 
to the online application or sent to Faculty Search Committee, 
Department of English, 4198 JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, 
Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity employer, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, 
veteran status, or against qualified individuals with disabilities. All 
faculty 
are required to abide by the universitys honor code and dress and 
grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members in good 
standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

Humanities, Classics, & Comp Lit, PO Box 26049, 3008 JFSB Provo 
UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of Humanities 586 

http://www.
byu.edu 

The Department of Humanities, Classics, and Comparative Literature 
invites applications for a continuing-status-track position in its Humanities 
section, beginning Fall 2007. Requirements: PhD in Interdisciplinary 
Humanities or PhD in literature, cultural or intellectual history, philosophy 
(aesthetics), musicology, or art history with demonstrable expertise in 
interdisciplinary study. Candidates with any specialty may apply, but the 
department is especially interested in those working in East Asian humanities. 
Degree must be completed by August 2007. Expectations: 3/2 
or 2/ 
3 
course load with optional spring/summer 
teaching, consisting of introductory 
Asian humanities or Western Civilization courses and senior-level 
courses in area of specialization; regular publication of research in area of 
specialization; limited committee work in the first years of employment. 
An equal opportunity employer, 
the university does not discriminate on 
the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status or against 
qualified individuals with disabilities. All faculty are required to abide by 
the standards of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Preference 
is given to members in good standing of the sponsoring Church. 
Send letter and cv to Michael J. Call, chair, 3008B JFSB, Brigham Young 
University, Provo, UT 84602; or by email attachment to michael_call@ 
byu.edu. Dossiers and samples of writing will be requested from those 
whose candidacy the department chooses to pursue. Application deadline: 
15 November 2006. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 S. Central Campus Dr, Rm. 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Asst., Assoc., or Full Professor of English 604 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Utah intends to make 
one appointment, tenured or tenure track, in creative writing, prose. The 
position is open rank, with competitive salary, and the normal teaching 
load is 4 courses per year. Send letter and CV only by Nov. 1 to Vincent 
P. Pecora, Chair, Department of English, 255 S. Central Campus 
Drive, Rm. 3500, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0494. 
The University of Utah is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action 
employer, 
encourages applications from women and minorities, and provides 
reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities of applicants 
and employees. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 S. Central Campus Dr, Rm. 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Asst., Assoc., or Full Professor of English 605 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Utah intends to make 
one appointment, tenured or tenure track, in literature of the Americas/ 
Chicano-
Chicana Studies. The position is open rank, with competitive 
salary, and the normal teaching load is 4 courses per year. Send letter and 
CV only by Nov. 1 to Vincent P. Pecora, Chair, Department of English, 
255 S. Central Campus Drive, Rm. 3500, University of Utah, Salt Lake 
City, UT 84112-0494. The University of Utah is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
encourages applications from women and 
minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities 
of applicants and employees. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 S. Central Campus Dr, Rm. 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Asst., Assoc., or Full Professor of English 608 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Utah intends to make 
one appointment, tenured or tenure track, in Renaissance/17th-
Century 
British literature. The position is open rank, with competitive salary, and 
the normal teaching load is 4 courses per year. Send letter and CV only 
by Nov. 1 to Vincent P. Pecora, Chair, Department of English, 255 S. 
Central Campus Drive, Rm. 3500, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, 
UT 84112-0494. The University of Utah is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
encourages applications from women and 
minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities 
of applicants and employees. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 S. Central Campus Dr, Rm. 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Asst., Assoc., or Full Professor of English 607 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Utah intends to make 
one appointment, tenured or tenure track, in American literature before 
1830. The position is open rank, with competitive salary, and the normal 
teaching load is 4 courses per year. Send letter and CV only by Nov. 1 to 
Vincent P. Pecora, Chair, Department of English, 255 S. Central Campus 
Drive, Rm. 3500, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0494. 
The University of Utah is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action 
employer, 
encourages applications from women and minorities, and provides 
reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities of applicants 
and employees. [R] 



U of Utah 

English, 255 S. Central Campus Dr, Rm. 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Asst., Assoc., or Full Professor of English 609 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Utah intends to make 
one appointment, tenured or tenure track, in 19th-Century 
British literature. 
The position is open rank, with competitive salary, and the normal 
teaching load is 4 courses per year. Send letter and CV only by Nov. 1 to 
Vincent P. Pecora, Chair, Department of English, 255 S. Central Campus 
Drive, Rm. 3500, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0494. 
The University of Utah is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action 
employer, 
encourages applications from women and minorities, and provides 
reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities of applicants 
and employees. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 S. Central Campus Dr, Rm. 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Asst., Assoc., or Full Professor of English 606 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Utah intends to make 
one appointment, tenured or tenure track, in film studies. The position 
is open rank, with competitive salary, and the normal teaching load is 4 
courses per year. Send letter and CV only by Nov. 1 to Vincent P. Pecora, 
Chair, Department of English, 255 S. Central Campus Drive, Rm. 3500, 
University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0494. The University of 
Utah is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
encourages 
applications from women and minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation 
to the known disabilities of applicants and employees. [R] 

Utah SU 

English, 3200 Old Main Hill Logan UT 84322 

Assistant Professor, Tenure-Track, in English Education 958 

http://english.
usu.edu 

We seek a well-qualified faculty member with a specialization in English 
Education focusing on the subject matter and the pedagogy of literature. 
We are especially interested in candidates whose interests include young 
adult literature, literature of diversity, and/or 
literacy studies. PhD in 
English or English Education or EdD in similar areas required; publications 
and secondary teaching experience desired. Teaching assignment is 
four courses per year on semester system. Position available August 2007 
at competitive salary. 

The department is actively involved in working with secondary educators. 
It maintains a cooperative program with Secondary Education in the 
College of Education; it is the home of the Utah Writing Project; and 
it supports an extensive concurrent enrollment program with area high 
schools. 

Utah State University is a Carnegie Research University (High Research 
Activity) of 20,000 students, located in a mountain valley 80 miles north 
of Salt Lake City. Visit www.usu.edu/greats/
for details. Women, minority, 
veteran, and disabled candidates are encouraged to apply. Utah State 
University is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer, 
with a 
National Science Foundation ADVANCE Gender Equity program, committed 
to increasing diversity among students, faculty, and all participants 
in university life. 

Send letter of application, vita, and dossier to Jeffrey Smitten, Head. Applications 
may be sent by mail or electronically. Electronic applications 
may be sent to http://english.
usu.edu/recruit06, 
a password-protected 
web site. Position is open until filled, and screening will begin November 
15, 2006. Department will acknowledge all applications. Preliminary 
interviews will be conducted at MLA followed by an on-campus 
visit. [R] 

Utah SU 

English, 3200 Old Main Hill Logan UT 84322 

Assistant Professor, Tenure-Track, in Professional and Technical Writing 960 

http://english.
usu.edu 

We seek an advanced assistant professor to join our growing program, 
which offers three degrees in professional and technical writing: BA or BS 
in Professional and Technical Writing, MS in Technical Writing (online), 
and PhD in the Theory and Practice of Professional Communication. 
Ph.D. and teaching experience required; an established research agenda, a 
broad understanding of technical communication as a profession, experience 
or interest in teaching online courses, and a willingness to pursue 
funded research opportunities desired. Candidates with one or more of 
the following specializations will be preferred: organizational communication; 
research methodologies, including usability studies; intercultural 
communication; environmental rhetoric; rhetoric of science; humancomputer 
interaction; and/or 
publication production and editing. The 
position is available August 2007 at a competitive salary. 

Candidates will be expected to work closely with colleagues in writing, 
rhetoric, and professional communication. Teaching assignment is four 
courses per year on semester system with time for research. Teaching assignments 
include undergraduate courses for English majors and a mix 
of online and on-campus graduate courses, including advanced graduate 
seminars. 

Utah State University is a Carnegie Research University (High Research 
Activity) of 20,000 students, located in a mountain valley 80 miles north 
of Salt Lake City. Visit www.usu.edu/greats/
for details. Women, minority, 
veteran, and disabled candidates are encouraged to apply. Utah State 
University is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer, 
with a 
National Science Foundation ADVANCE Gender Equity program, committed 
to increasing diversity among students, faculty, and all participants 
in university life. 

Send letter of application, vita, and dossier to Jeffrey Smitten, Head. Applications 
may be sent by mail or electronically. Electronic applications 
may be sent to http://english.
usu.edu/recruit06, 
a password-protected 
web site. Position is open until filled, and screening will begin November 
15, 2006. Department will acknowledge all applications. Preliminary 
interviews will be conducted at MLA followed by an on-campus 
visit. [R] 

Vermont 

U of Vermont 

English, 400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant Professor of English and Film 456 

http://www.
uvmjobs.com 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall, 2007. 

Posting # 004879 

Ph D with dissertation in Film Studies required. Commitment to diversity 
and inclusion required. Film Generalist; desirable academic interests 
include global, third world, and national cinemas. Candidates may apply 
on-line at www.uvmjobs.com. Search for position using department 
name (English) only. Attach a letter of application and curriculum vitae, 
postmarked by Nov. 1, 2006. Interviews at MLA. Candidates may instead 
submit a paper application (letter of application and curriculum vitae) to: 

Prof. Lokangaka Losambe, Chair 

Department of English 

Old Mill 400 

University of Vermont 

Burlington, VT 05405 [R] 



U of Vermont 

English, 400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant Professor of English and Film 465 

http://www.
uvmjobs.com 

Assistant Professor (Tenure Track) 

English 

Posting # 019413 

Typical teaching assignment includes introductory and advanced courses 
in f ilm production, history, theory, and criticism, as well as gateway 
courses to the major. MFA in Production or Ph. D required in hand by 
time of appointment. Commitment to diversity and inclusion required. 

Mailed applications must be postmarked by Nov. 1, 2006. Applications 
will be acknowledged; please do not send unsolicited materials. Interviews 
at MLA. 

Candidates may apply on-line at www.uvmjobs.com. Search for position 
using department name (English) only. Attach a letter of application and 
curriculum vitae by Nov. 1, 2006. Candidates may instead submit a paper 
application (letter of application and curriculum vitae) to: 

Prof. Lokangaka Losambe 

Chair, Department of English 

Old Mill 400 

University of Vermont 

Burlington, VT 05405. [R] 

Virginia 

Christopher Newport U 

English, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor/Instructor 
of English (Journalism) 238 

http://www.
cnu.edu 

For the 2007–2008 academic year, the Department of English at Christopher 
Newport University seeks applications to fill a full-time faculty 
position. The appointee must be prepared to teach upper-level courses in 
journalism, basic news reporting, and composition. Substantive experience 
as a professional journalist is especially desirable; a record of successful 
teaching and/or 
writing coach experience will lend strength to a 
candidacy. Appointment will be at the academic rank of assistant professor 
or instructor, depending upon the credentials of the appointee. An appropriate 
masters degree is required for appointment to the faculty of the 
University. A tenure-track (probationary) appointment at rank of assistant 
professor normally requires that the appointee hold the Ph.D. degree 
at the time of appointment; but the University can waive that requirement 
in the case of a candidate with an appropriate masters degree and 
a truly distinguished record of achievement in professional journalism. 
Otherwise, appointment of a candidate who does not hold the Ph.D. degree 
at the time of appointment will be a restricted (non-tenure-track) 
appointment at the rank of instructor. The University offers competitive 
salaries and an excellent package of fringe benefits. CNU is a selective, 
state-supported liberal arts and sciences university of approximately 4,800 
students. It is located on the Virginia Peninsula between historic Williamsburg 
and the resort city of Virginia Beach. The University is seeking 
outstanding teachers who will engage undergraduate students in creative 
and disciplined intellectual challenges. A commitment to excellence in 
undergraduate teaching and learning is a hallmark of CNU. Further information 
is available on the Universitys web site at www.cnu.edu. The 
Department of English offers the B.A. degree in English with specialized 
tracks in journalism, literature, writing, and language arts and the M.A.T. 
degree in language arts. 

To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, 
a statement of your philosophy of teaching, and a portfolio 
for publishing writers to: Director of Equal Opportunity and Faculty Recruitment, 
English ( Journalism) Faculty Search, Search #8323, Christopher 
Newport University, 1 University Place, Newport News, VA 23606. 
Review of applications begins November 1, 2006. Applications received 
after November 1, 2006, will be accepted but considered only if needed. 
Representatives from CNU will be available at the MLA Convention in 
Philadelphia. However, attendance at the MLA Convention is not required 
for consideration as a candidate for this position. CNU, an EO 
Employer, 
is fully committed to Access and Opportunity. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English/Associate 
Director, Northern Virginia Writing 
Project 796 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Composition Studies who will help 
direct the Northern Virginia Writing Project, beginning Fall 2007. 
Candidates should have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric, Composition, English, or 
English Education, along with experience and/or 
scholarship in K-12 
teaching and in composition pedagogy. Additional research interests in 
one or more of the following areas preferred: writing across the curriculum, 
writing-to-learn, assessment, teaching of literature. 

Candidates should demonstrate the potential for excellence in scholarship 
and undergraduate and graduate teaching. They should also demonstrate 
an interest in curriculum and program development. After three years 
as associate director, the candidate will become director of the Writing 
Project. The Northern Virginia Writing Project, established in 1978, currently 
serves over 1900 educators each year, K-University, with a summer 
institute, in-service courses, conferences, and workshops. The 3/2 
course 
load includes undergraduate teaching opportunities in general education 
(composition and advanced composition with WAC emphasis) and 
upper-division nonfiction writing, as well as graduate courses in rhetoric, 
composition instruction, and theories of composition. The successful candidate 
will join a dynamic department whose faculty participate in the 
New Media Group in English, B.A. concentration in nonfiction writing, 
M.A. in professional writing and editing, M.A. in the teaching of writing 
and literature, writing across the curriculum program, technology across 
the curriculum initiatives, and the university-wide writing center. 

Review of applications begins October 1, 2006. Apply and submit cover 
letter, c.v., and writing sample online at http://jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for 
position F7002Z.) Also, send at least three letters of recommendation 
through the mail to Don Gallehr, Search Committee, Dept. of English, 
Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. GMU is 
an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 781 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-track Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Rhetoric and 
Composition, to begin Fall 2007. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric, Composition, or English and a strong record of publication in 
Rhet/Comp. 
Research and teaching interests in one or more of the following 
areas preferred: rhetorical history/theory, 
visual rhetoric, multicultural 
and/or 
feminist rhetorics, ethnography, genre theory. 

In addition to an active publishing agenda, candidates should be strong 
graduate and undergraduate teachers and demonstrate an interest in curriculum 
and program development, including establishing a Ph.D. The 3/ 
2 
course load includes undergraduate teaching opportunities in general 
education (composition and advanced composition with WAC emphasis) 
and upper-division nonfiction writing, as well as graduate courses in rhetoric, 
composition instruction, and theories of composition. The successful 
candidate will join a dynamic department whose faculty participate in the 
New Media Group in English, B.A. concentration in nonfiction writing, 
M.A. in professional writing and editing, M.A. in the teaching of writing 



and literature, Ph.D. in Cultural Studies, writing across the curriculum 
initiatives, and the university-wide writing center. 

Review of applications begins October 16, 2006. Apply and submit cover 
letter, c.v., and writing sample online at http://jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for 
position F8874Z.) Also, send at least three letters of recommendation 
through the mail to Terry Zawacki, Search Committee, Dept. of English, 
Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. GMU is 
an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 746 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Professional/Technical 
Writing, to 
begin Fall 2007. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in professional or technical 
communication, rhetoric, composition, or a related field. Strong background 
in technology required. Research and teaching interests in one 
or more of the following areas preferred: computers and writing, writing 
in the workplace, governmental or organizational communication, visual 
communication, usability studies, and ethnography. 

GMU is located in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, with strong 
opportunities for research collaborations with government and industry. 
Candidates should demonstrate the potential for excellence in scholarship 
and undergraduate and graduate teaching. They should also be interested 
in curriculum and program development, including establishing a Ph.D. 
The 3/2 
course load includes undergraduate teaching opportunities in 
general education (composition and advanced composition with WAC 
emphasis) and upper-division technical and digital writing, as well as 
graduate courses in rhetoric, web design, editing, and technical writing. 

The successful candidate will join a dynamic department whose faculty 
participate in the New Media Group in English, B.A. concentration in 
nonfiction writing, M.A. in professional writing and editing, M.A. in 
the teaching of writing and literature, Ph.D. in Cultural Studies, writing 
across the curriculum program, technology across the curriculum initiatives, 
and the university-wide writing center. 

Apply and submit cover letter, c.v., and writing sample online at http:// 
jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for position F6055Z.) Also, send at least three letters 
of recommendation through the mail to Byron Hawk, Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, Mailstop 3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, 
VA 22030. Review of Applications begins October 16, 2006. GMU is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 759 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor, to begin Fall 2007, in Renaissance/Early 
Modern literature. We are seeking candidates who demonstrate potential 
for excellence in research combined with versatility in teaching, including 
courses in sixteenth or seventeenth-century 
poetry, Renaissance Drama, 
and Shakespeare. The successful candidate will contribute to our graduate 
and undergraduate curricula, including general education courses in composition 
or literature. GMU is located twenty miles from Washington, 
D.C.; the university is a member of the Executive Board of the Folger 
Shakespeare Library, and its faculty can make full use of Folger resources. 

Apply and submit cover letter, c.v., and writing sample online at http:// 
jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for position F5155Z.) Also, send at least three letters 
of recommendation through the mail to Denise Albanese, Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, 
VA 22030. Review of applications begins November 1st. GMU is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 999 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Film and Media Studies, to begin Fall 
2007. Candidates should have expertise in one or more of the following 
areas: Television Studies (history, genres, theory, reception), New Media, 
Non U.S. Cinemas. Must demonstrate potential for excellence in scholarship 
and in graduate and undergraduate teaching, including introductory 
courses in film and media and general education courses in composition or 
literature. Apply and submit cover letter, c.v., and writing sample online at 
http://jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for position F8855z.) Also, send at least three 
letters of recommendation through the mail to Cynthia Fuchs, Search 
Committee, Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, 
Fairfax, VA 22030. Review of applications begins November 1, 2006. 
GMU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Hampden-Sydney C 

English, College Rd Hampden-Sydney VA 23943 

Assistant Professor of English 644 

http://www.
hsc.edu 

We invite applications for an assistant professorship of English, tenuretrack, 
beginning August 2007. Primary area of interest: medieval literature, 
with additional expertise in the early modern period. Candidate 
should expect to teach courses in Medieval Literature, Chaucer, a British 
survey, as well as first-year composition; he or she might also teach in an 
interdisciplinary college-wide program in Western Culture. Hampden- 
Sydney College is a selective liberal arts college for men enrolling about 
1,100 students. With small classes, the college expects and supports excellence 
in classroom teaching and a successful program of professional development 
and scholarship. Qualifications: Ph. D. in hand by August 2007 
and college teaching experience. Send letter of application and vita only 
(no dossiers or writing samples at this time) to Dr. Sarah Hardy, Chair, 
Dept. of English, Hampden-Sydney, VA 23943. Review of applications 
begins November 15th; candidates for 2006 MLA interviews will be chosen 
from files received by December 1st. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Hampton U 

English, East Queen St Hampton VA 23668 

Assistant Professor of English 681 

http://www.
hamptonu.edu 

Assistant Professor of English to teach first-year writing and upper-division 
courses in rhetoric and composition and/or 
linguistics. Prefer doctorate 
in hand (ABD considered) with a clearly defined area of specialization 
in rhetoric and composition and secondary specialization in linguistics, 
discourse analysis, or professional/technical 
writing. Experience teaching 
first-year writing essential. Temporary/annual 
with possibility of conversion 
to tenure-track. Salary open. The successful candidate may start 
spring semester 2007 if he or she is available. Otherwise fall. Initial inquiry 
should include detailed resume with cover letter. Non-US citizens 
must also include emigration status. Receipt acknowledged immediately. 
Finalists will be invited to submit a full application ASAP. Please address 
Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, Hampton University, 
Hampton, Virginia 23668. Hampton University is an equal opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 



Hampton U 

English, East Queen St Hampton VA 23668 

Assistant Professor of English 557 

http://www.
hamptonu.edu 

Writing Lab Director and Rhetoric/Composition 
Instructor 

Assistant Professor of English to direct a university writing technology 
laboratory and teach first year writing and upper division courses in 
rhetoric and composition. The director is responsible for hiring, training, 
and supervising undergraduate peer tutors; maintaining two computer-
equipped lab classrooms and related equipment; presenting student 
workshops; developing content for the on-line writing lab; and managing 
the labs’ budget. Prefer doctorate in hand (ABD considered) with a 
clearly defined area of specialization in rhetoric and composition. Experience 
teaching first-year writing and administering a writing center and/ 
or 
writing program is required. 

Starts fall 2007. Temporary/annual 
with possibility of conversion to tenure-
track. Salary open. Send detailed resume with cover letter. Non-US 
citizens indicate emigration status. Receipt acknowledged immediately. 
Finalists will be invited to submit a full application ASAP. Please address 
Writing Center Director Committee, Department of English, Hampton 
University, Hampton, Virginia 23668. Hampton University is an equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Longwood U 

English & Mod Lang, 201 High St. Farmville VA 23909 

Assistant Professor of English 651 

http://www.
longwood.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track position to begin August 2007. 
Specialist in Rhetoric and Professional Writing. Ph.D., scholarly potential, 
and demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching required. 
Teaching load of four courses per semester will include freshman composition, 
an advanced composition course in public writing, and courses in 
a recently added Rhetoric and Professional Writing concentration. Send 
letter of application, vita, transcripts, statement of philosophy of teaching 
and research goals, and three letters of recommendation to Search CommitteeProfessional 
Writing, Department of English and Modern Languages, 
Longwood University, 201 High Street, Farmville, VA 23909. 
Review of applications will begin November 1 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Initial contacts at MLA or by telephone. Longwood 
University is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Women 
and under-represented minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Longwood U 

English & Mod. Lang., 201 High St. Farmville VA 23909 

Assistant Professor of English 659 

http://www.
longwood.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track position to begin August 2007. 
Specialist in children’s literature committed to preparing elementary 
school teachers. Secondary interest in rhetoric/composition 
or grammar/
linguistics 
desirable. Ph.D., scholarly potential, and demonstrated 
commitment to undergraduate teaching required. Teaching load of four 
courses per semester will include two sections of freshman composition or 
an advanced composition course in public writing. Send letter of application, 
vita, transcripts, statement of philosophy of teaching and research 
goals, and three letters of recommendation to Childrens Literature Search, 
Department of English and Modern Languages, Longwood University, 
201 High Street, Farmville, VA 23909. Review of applications will begin 
November 1 and will continue until the position is filled. Initial contacts 
at MLA or by telephone. Longwood University is an affirmative action, 
equal opportunity employer. 
Women and under-represented minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Mary Washington 

English, Linguistics, & Speech, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 
22401-5358 

Assistant Professor of Post-Colonial literatures 1073 

http://www.
umw.edu 

The Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech at the University of 
Mary Washington invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
in postcolonial literatures and theory to start in August 2007. Area 
of specialization within the field is open. Ph.D. required at the time of 
employment. Responsibilities include teaching upper-level courses in the 
major program (including seminars), general literature courses (for example, 
a global literature and/or 
introduction to literary genres course) and 
composition (ENGL 101). Opportunities exist for developing new seminars 
and other courses for the major. Candidates are expected to give evidence 
of potential for excellence in undergraduate teaching. 

An hour from Washington, DC and Richmond, VA, the institution is a 
state-supported, co-educational, liberal arts school, with a highly selective 
admissions policy and a strong commitment to undergraduate education. 
In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide 
equal educational and employment opportunities, the department and the 
University actively encourage women and minorities to apply. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, list of graduate courses, unofficial 
transcript, and three current letters of recommendation. A completed 
Commonwealth of Virginia application form will be required for 
candidates selected for interviews. Send materials to Professor Teresa Kennedy, 
Literature Search, Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech, 
University of Mary Washington, 1301 College Avenue, Fredericksburg, 
VA 22401. Deadline for receipt of materials is December 1, 2006. Postmarks 
will not be honored. E-mail or telephone inquiries to tkennedy@ 
umw.edu, (540) 654-1035. [R] 

U of Mary Washington 

English, Linguistics, & Speech, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 
22401-5358 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 1072 

http://www.
umw.edu 

Ph.D. required at the time of employment. Responsibilities include teaching 
upper-level courses in the major program, general literature (for example, 
a global literature and/or 
introduction to literary genres course), 
and composition (ENGL 101). Opportunities exist for developing new 
seminars and other courses for the major. Candidates are expected to give 
evidence of potential for excellence in undergraduate teaching. 

An hour from Washington, DC and Richmond, VA, the institution is a 
state-supported, co-educational, liberal arts school, with a highly selective 
admissions policy and a strong commitment to undergraduate education. 
In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide 
equal educational and employment opportunities, the department and the 
University actively encourage women and minorities to apply. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, list of graduate courses, unofficial 
transcript, and three current letters of recommendation. A completed 
Commonwealth of Virginia application form will be required for 
candidates selected for interviews. Send materials to Professor Teresa Kennedy, 
Literature Search, Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech, 
University of Mary Washington, 1301 College Avenue, Fredericksburg, 
VA 22401. (tkennedy@umw.edu). Deadline for receipt of materials is December 
1, 2006. Postmarks will not be honored. 



U of Richmond 

English, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173 

Assistant Professor of English in 19th-Century 
American Literature 499 

http://english.
richmond.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in nineteenth-century 
American literature at the assistant-professor 
level, to begin in the fall of 2007. Research and teaching emphasis 
should include antebellum literature; additional teaching expertise in 
early-American literature would be welcome. The appointee will be expected 
to maintain a commitment to excellence both in teaching and in 
research. Teaching will involve general-education courses as well as advanced 
courses for majors; five courses per year. The successful candidate 
will have proven teaching ability and will show promise of significant 
scholarly accomplishment. PhD in hand by August 1, 2007, required. To 
be considered for MLA interviews, applicants should submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, writing sample, and separate statements of (1) 
teaching philosophy and experience and (2) research interests and plans to 
Louis Tremaine, Chair, Search Committee, Dept. of English, University 
of Richmond, VA 23173. Applicants should also arrange for three letters 
of recommendation, including at least one that addresses teaching potential, 
to be sent directly to the same address. Applications must be received 
by November 1. The University of Richmond is a highly selective, wellendowed, 
private institution on a suburban campus, located in Virginia’s 
state capital within a two-hour drive of Washington, D.C. The University 
of Richmond values diversity in its faculty, staff, and student body. In 
keeping with this commitment, our academic community strongly encourages 
applications from diverse candidates and candidates who support 
diversity. [R] 

U of Richmond 

English, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173 

Assistant Professor of English in Ethnic Literatures and Cultures 500 

http://english.
richmond.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in North American ethnic literatures and cultures at the assistant-professor 
level, to begin in fall of 2007. Preference will be given to candidates 
whose research and teaching focuses on Native American, Asian American, 
or Latino/a 
American literatures. The appointee will be expected to 
maintain a commitment to excellence both in teaching and in research. 
Teaching will involve general-education courses as well as advanced 
courses for majors; five courses per year. The successful candidate will 
have proven teaching ability and will show promise of significant scholarly 
accomplishment. PhD in hand by August 1, 2007, required. To be 
considered for MLA interviews, applicants should submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, writing sample, and separate statements of (1) 
teaching philosophy and experience and (2) research interests and plans to 
Suzanne Jones, Chair, Search Committee, Dept. of English, University 
of Richmond, VA 23173. Applicants should also arrange for three letters 
of recommendation, including at least one that addresses teaching potential, 
to be sent directly to the same address. Applications must be received 
by November 1. The University of Richmond is a highly selective, wellendowed, 
private institution on a suburban campus, located in Virginia’s 
state capital within a two-hour drive of Washington, D.C. The University 
of Richmond values diversity in its faculty, staff, and student body. In 
keeping with this commitment, our academic community strongly encourages 
applications from diverse candidates and candidates who support 
diversity. [R] 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

English, 900 Park Avenue Richmond VA 23284 

Asst. Prof. English and Women’s Studies 950 

A joint, tenure-track assistant professor appointment in English and 
Women’s Studies to begin August 2007. PhD with strength in both literary 
studies and Womens Studies required. The successful candidate will 
be able to teach Introduction to Womens Studies and Feminist (Literary) 
Theory as well as appropriate courses in both areas. A BA in Women’s 
Studies is pending. We welcome applicants whose work might contribute 
to the new interdisciplinary PhD in Media, Art, and Text. Substantial 
record of excellent teaching is essential, as is strong evidence of scholarly 
accomplishment and promise of continued growth. Send letter of application, 
current cv, dossier including three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Terry Oggel, Chair, English Department, P.O. Box 842005, Virginia 
Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. All materials 
must be postmarked by November 13, 2006. This position is contingent 
upon funding. Virginia Commonwealth University is an equal opportunity/
affirmative 
action employer. 
Women, minorities, and persons with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

English, 900 Park Avenue Richmond VA 23284 

Asst. Prof. in History of the Novel 957 

http://www.
has.vcu.edu/eng 


The English Department at Virginia Commonwealth University is seeking 
to hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor with expertise in the history 
of the novel, particularly British and continental, including a focus on the 
transformations of the long narrative in relationship to its medium of dissemination 
(print, digital, multimedia). PhD in English or relevant area 
required. Record of excellent teaching is essential, as is evidence of scholarly 
accomplishment and promise of continued growth. 

Ability to teach courses in the History of the Novel essential. The successful 
candidate will contribute courses to our large general education 
program, English major, Master’s program, and new Ph.D. in Media, Art, 
and Text. Teaching load is negotiable; the appointment will begin August 
2007. 

Send letter of application, current cv, dossier including three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Terry Oggel, Chair, English Department, P.O. Box 
842005, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23284- 
2005. All materials must be postmarked by November 13, 2006. This position 
is contingent upon funding. Virginia Commonwealth University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU 

English, 323 Shanks Hall Blacksburg VA 24061 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing—Poetry 997 

http://www.
english.vt.edu 

The English Department at Virginia Tech invites applications for a tenure-
track position in Creative Writing—Poetry; secondary interest in 
playwriting desired. The position depends on final budget approval. 

Required: MFA in poetry and/or 
significant publication in poetry, evidence 
of potential for ongoing creative publication, and teaching experience. 
Produced and/or 
written plays highly desired. Teaching load 2/2. 
Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate introductory courses in 
creative writing and seminars in the MFA program; continuing publication; 
and serving on departmental, college, and university committees. 
Program service includes advising and mentoring students, including students 
from a wide range of social and cultural backgrounds. For more 
information, see www.english.vt.edu/poetjobsearch. 


Application Procedure: Candidates must complete an application online at 
www.jobs.vt.edu. Attach to the online application a letter of interest that 
addresses the responsibilities and qualifications stated above, a curriculum 
vitae, a collection of 10–12 poems, and, if available, a play. Also send a 
dossier, including a candidate statement, to Fred D’Aguiar, Search Committee 
Chair, Department of English (0112), Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, 
VA 24061, fredd@vt.edu. Review of applications will begin October 25 
and continue until the position is f illed; interviews will be held at the 
MLA Convention in Philadelphia. 



Virginia Tech has a strong commitment to diversity and seeks a broad 
spectrum of candidates. Individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation 
in the application process should contact Tammy Shepherd: 
tammys@vt.edu, 540.231.8466; Fax: 540.231.5692; TTY/PC: 
800.828.1120. [R] 

Virginia Wesleyan C 

English, 1584 Wesleyan Dr Norfolk VA 23502 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 1054 

http://www.
vwc.edu 

Specialization: American literature. Sub-specialization: open. Tenure 
track, to begin August 2007. Ph.D. by the time of appointment. Twentyone 
hour annual load will include courses in sophomore and upper-level 
literature, composition, and possibly American Studies. Virginia Wesleyan 
is a liberal arts college dedicated to fostering independent inquiry. 
The successful candidate will be one who combines a commitment to his 
or her field, an enthusiasm for teaching writing as well as literature, and 
a desire to collaborate with colleagues in and beyond the department on 
innovative academic initiatives. Since Virginia Wesleyan is moving toward 
establishing a Phi Beta Kappa chapter, candidates who are PBK are 
especially encouraged to apply. MLA interviews. Send letter and cv by 
November 14 to Dr. Joyce Howell, Vice President for Academic Affairs, 
Virginia Wesleyan College, 1584 Wesleyan Drive, Norfolk, VA. 23502. 
For acknowledgment, send self-addressed post card. An Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Washington 

Gonzaga U 

English, 502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English/Director 
of Composition 543 

http://www.
gonzaga.edu 

Tenure-track position to begin Fall 2007. Qualifications: PhD in Composition 
and Rhetoric or Literature. Composition is a foundational component 
of Gonzaga’s core curriculum and a crucial part of the University’s 
mission. The Director of Composition will have the opportunity to shape 
a composition program of 7–9 faculty; to teach advanced composition, 
composition theory, and pedagogy; and to respond creatively to changes 
in the field. Duties also include supervising a small, student-staffed writing 
center and teaching lower division courses. Evidence of course work 
and experience in the field of Composition/Rhetoric 
is required. Evidence 
of superior teaching is essential. 3/2 
teaching load with administrative 
duties. Letter of application must include a description of teaching 
and administrative leadership philosophies, experience, professional values, 
and how the candidate is specifically suited for Gonzaga University. 
Gonzaga University is a Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic institution interested 
in candidates who will contribute to our distinctive mission. Please send 
letter of application and CV to: Dr. Beth Cooley, Chair, Department of 
English, Gonzaga University, E. 502 Boone Ave., Spokane, WA 99258. 
Interviews will be held at the December MLA Conference. GU is an 
AA/EEO employer 
committed to diversity. Deadline: postmarked November 
1, 2006 [R] 

Pacific Lutheran U 

English, Tacoma WA 98447 

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric-Composition and Non-Fiction Prose 1050 

http://www.
plu.edu/~english 

Pacific Lutheran University invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the assistant professor level with a specialization in Rhetoric-Composition 
and Non-fiction Prose. Teaching duties will include some combination 
of the following expository writing and creative non-fiction courses: 
Advanced Composition for Teachers; The English Language; Topics in 
Rhetoric, Writing and Culture; Research and Writing; Free-Lance Writing; 
Writing in Professional Settings; Autobiographical Writing; and the 
Personal Essay. Experience in writing program administration (running 
faculty-development workshops, training writing center tutors) highly 
desirable. Candidates must be prepared to take a leadership role in departmental 
efforts to develop the writing-related programs in P.L.U.s curriculum, 
including our popular B.A. in writing, student writing communities, 
and P.L.U.s First-Year Experience Program. All English faculty teach 
first-year writing seminars. Terminal degree in rhetoric/composition 
(Ph. 
D.) strongly preferred, but candidates who combine a terminal degree in 
creative writing (non-fiction prose) with a strong background in rhetoric 
and composition will also be considered. We seek candidates who 
are excellent teachers with a promising record of publication. Additional 
teaching opportunities include other writing and literature courses in our 
English curriculum and courses in P.L.U.s interdisciplinary programs 
(e.g., Womens Studies, Environmental Studies, Global Studies, and our 
alternative International Core). 

P.L.U. has approximately 3600 students and is located in the Puget Sound 
area of the Pacific Northwest, 15 minutes from downtown Tacoma and 
50 minutes from Seattle. P.L.U. advocates rigorous and free intellectual 
inquiry in a diverse university community. P.L.U. is an E.E.O./Affirmative 
Action employer 
and welcomes applications from diverse populations. 
Please send letter, C.V., statement of teaching philosophy, and brief 
sample of published writing by Nov. 1 to Jim Albrecht, English Department 
Chair, Pacific Lutheran University, Tacoma, WA 98447. We will 
interview candidates at the M.L.A. convention. [R] 

Seattle U 

English, 901 12th Av PO Box 222000 Seattle WA 98122 

Assistant Professor of English 63 

http://www.
seattleu.edu 

The English Department seeks to hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English in American Literature whose special expertise and scholarly 
focus is in Colonial American through the 19th Century. Candidates 
must have received the Ph.D. by Fall 2007. A new assistant professor will 
be asked to develop upper-division courses and an American Literature 
survey, as well as freshman seminar and introductory literature courses for 
the non-major. The ideal candidate will have strong academic preparation; 
a commitment to excellence in teaching at all undergraduate levels; a 
developing record of publications; and a secondary academic interest, such 
as Creative Writing or Film Studies 

Applications must be postmarked by November 1. Credentials will be 
reviewed beginning October 15. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 
Send letter of application, c.v., transcript, and three letters of recommendation 
addressing scholarship and teaching strategies to: David Leigh, S. 
J., Acting Chair, Department of English, Seattle University, 901 12th Avenue, 
P.O. Box 222000, Seattle, WA 98122-1090. 

Seattle University, founded in 1891, continues a four hundred and fifty 
year tradition of Jesuit Catholic higher education. The Universitys Jesuit 
Catholic ideals underscore its commitment to the centrality of teaching, 
learning and scholarship, of values-based education grounded in the Jesuit 
and Catholic traditions, of service and social justice, of lifelong learning, 
and of education the whole person. Located in the heart of dynamic 
Seattle, the University enrolls approximately 7,000 undergraduate and 
graduate students in eight colleges and schools. Students enjoy a university 
ethos characterized by small classes, individualized faculty attention, a 
strong sense of community, a commitment to diversity, and an outstanding 
faculty. 

Seattle University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. 
[R] 



Washington SU 

English, PO Box 645020 Pullman WA 99164 

Assistant Professor of English 1053 

http://www.
hrs.wsu.edu/employment/
FAPvacancies.asp 

Assistant Professor of English, 20th-Century 
& Contemporary American 
Literature, specialization in African American literature and culture. 

In the forthcoming electronic and printed forms of the MLA Job Information 
List, the Department of English at Washington State University- 
Pullman will advertise a position of Assistant Professor with an emphasis 
in African American literature. The appointment will be tenure track and 
begin August 2007. WSU is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
Members of protected 
groups will be encouraged to apply. [R] 

Washington SU 

English, 2710 University Drive Richland WA 99352 

Clinical Faculty/Assistant 
Professor-Dept. of English 282 

http://www.
chr.wsu.edu/ 

Washington State University at Tri-Cities is a publicly-supported commuter 
college serving both traditional and non-traditional students, and 
is part of the greater Washington State University system. The English 
Department is seeking a non-tenure-track Assistant Professor to teach 
college composition courses (3/3 
load). The ideal candidate will assume 
responsibility for the Writing Center and will be an integral part of the 
growing writing program as WSU-TC begins admitting freshmen in 
August, 2007. The 3-year contract is renewable, and duties will include 
participation in faculty committees, etc., as assigned by the Director of 
Liberal Arts. 

A minimum of an MA or ABD in Rhetoric and Composition is required 
(Ph.D. preferred). The successful candidate will have at least 2 years experience 
teaching college composition and must demonstrate the ability 
to contribute to the ongoing development of the department and demonstrate 
interpersonal and communication skills sufficient to be able to work 
effectively with a diverse array of students and colleagues. Writing center 
experience is preferred. 

Send letter of application, CV, and 3 current letters of recommendation 
to: Jana Kay Lunstad, Academic Coordinator, Liberal Arts program, 
WSU-TC, 2710 University Dr., Richland WA 99354-1671. 

WSU is an EEO employer. 
Protected group members are encouraged to 
apply. Review of applications begins November 1st, 2006. For further information 
see Search #4492 at http://www.
chr.wsu.edu/ 

Western Washington U 

English, 516 High Street Bellingham WA 98225 

Assistant Professor of U.S. Latina/o 
Literatures 27 

http://www.
wwu.edu/depts/
english 

Tenure-track assistant professor of U.S. Latina/o 
literatures beginning 
September 2007; Ph.D. required by August 2007. Also required of applicants 
are a demonstrated commitment to excellence in undergraduate 
teaching and a potential for strong scholarship. The successful candidate 
will have a 2–2-2 quarter teaching assignment, including specialty courses 
at the undergraduate and MA levels, general education courses, and other 
courses depending on the candidates interests and departmental needs. 
Familiarity with and sensitivity to cultural diversity concerns is desired. 
Send letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to U.S. Latina/o 
Literatures Search Committee, Department 
of English, Western Washington University, 516 High Street, Bellingham, 
WA 98225-9055. Interviews at MLA. Will accept applications 
until position is filled, but for consideration for an interview at MLA, applications 
must be received by 11/6/
06. View full position announcement 
at www.acadweb.wwu.edu/hr/
Jobs/faculty.
asp. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Western Washington U 

English, 516 High Street Bellingham WA 98225 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature and Culture 28 

http://www.
wwu.edu/depts/
english 

Tenure-track assistant professor of Victorian literature and culture beginning 
September 2007; Ph.D. required by August 2007. Also required are 
a demonstrated commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and 
a potential for strong scholarship. A secondary area of expertise is desired. 
The successful candidate will have a 2–2-2 quarter teaching assignment, 
including specialty courses at the undergraduate and MA levels, general 
education courses, and other courses depending on the candidates interests 
and departmental needs. Familiarity with and sensitivity to cultural 
diversity concerns is desired. Send letter of application, CV, graduate 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Victorian Literature 
and Culture Search Committee, Department of English, Western Washington 
University, 516 High Street, Bellingham, WA 98225-9055. Interviews 
at MLA. Will accept applications until position is filled, but for 
consideration for an interview at MLA, applications must be received by 
11/6/
06. View full position announcement at www.acadweb.wwu.edu/ 
hr/
Jobs/faculty.
asp. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Whitman C 

English, 345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362 

Assistant Professor of English (American Literature/American 
Ethnic 
Literature 98 

http://www.
whitman.edu 

ENGLISH (American Literature/American 
Ethnic Literature): American 
Literature Specialist with demonstrated expertise in American Ethnic 
Literature. Assistant Professor, tenure-track, beginning August 2007. 
Ph.D. required. Courses will include offerings in American Literature 
1865–1914, American Ethnic Literature and introductory and advanced 
literature courses. Willingness to teach composition and General Studies 
145/46 
(the colleges first-year core courses in Antiquity and Modernity) 
required. Send application letter discussing your teaching experience and 
research agenda, vita, and dossier to Professor Roberta Davidson, Chair of 
the American/Ethnic 
Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
Olin Hall, 345 Boyer Avenue, Whitman College, Walla Walla, WA 
99362. Have three confidential letters of recommendation sent directly 
from the referee or enclosed in dossier. If your dossier does not include a 
record of courses taken, send transcripts. Deadline: 

Friday, November 3, 2006. For information about Whitman, an excellent 
small liberal arts college with selective admissions, commitment to 
undergraduate education, and support for and expectations of continuing 
faculty development and scholarship, see: http://www.
whitman.edu. Diversity, 
broadly defined, is a core value of Whitman College; candidates 
are therefore encouraged to address in their application how they can contribute 
to enhancing the inclusiveness of the Whitman community. [R] 

Whitworth C 

English, 300 W Hawthorne Rd Spokane WA 99251 

Assistant Professor of English/Writing 
Center Director 595 

http://www.
whitworth.edu/Administration/
HumanResources/Openi 


Tenure-track assistant professor and teacher-scholar in Rhetoric and 
Composition to direct Writing Center, advise WAC program, and teach 
writing and rhetoric in general education program, major writing-track 
courses, and one specialty course. Teaching load: administrative release 
and six courses per year beginning fall 2007. Ph.D. required; a minimum 
of two years college teaching and writing center administration experience 
desirable; secondary specialty in Womens and Gender Studies, 
American Ethnic Studies, or Postcolonial Studies. Salary commensurate 
with experience. Application review begins October 16, 2006. Please visit 
our website at www.whitworth.edu/Administration/
HumanResources/ 



Openings.
asp for the full position announcement and Whitworths application 
process. Applications will be acknowledged via email. With our 
commitment to building a culturally diverse community, we encourage 
applications from women, persons with disabilities, and members of 
under-represented ethnic groups. Whitworth College is a private, liberal 
arts college affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA). [R] 

West Virginia 

Marshall U 

English, One John Marshall Drive Huntington WV 25755 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Composition/Rhetoric 
919 

http://marshall.
edu 

Marshall University invites applications for a tenure-track position, Assistant 
or Associate Professor, in composition/rhetoric. 
Ph. D. required 
by time of appointment. Successful candidate will teach a range of undergraduate 
and graduate courses, as well as first-year writing, and participate 
in the development of a growing undergraduate composition/rhetoric 
program. Opportunity to assume a leadership role in National Writing 
Project. Expectation of continued scholarship; teaching experience 
required. Marshall is a state university of 14,000 students on the Ohio 
River in the Appalachian region. Teaching load 4/4 
with opportunities 
for administrative and competitive research reassigned time. Position 
starts August 16, 2007. Application deadline: November 15, 2006. Send 
letter, vita, dossier, and dissertation abstract to Dr. David Hatfield, Chair, 
Department of English, Marshall University, One John Marshall Drive, 
Huntington, WV 25755-2646. AA/EO 
employer. 
Women and minorities 
strongly encouraged to apply. Foreign applicants must be authorized 
to work in the United States. [R] 

West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant Professor, English Education 441 

http://english.
wvu.edu/ 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, beginning August 16, 2007. 
English Education. Teach courses in adolescent/childrens 
literature, advanced 
expository writing, other English courses to support education 
track within English B.A., and graduate courses in field of specialization. 
Desirable secondary fields include linguistics, folklore, Appalachian studies. 
Responsibilities include mentoring English education students, pursuing 
funding opportunities. We seek an individual with experience in/ 
commitment 
to creating innovative partnerships between the Department 
of English and pre-service and in-service language arts teachers. Requirements: 
Ph.D. in English or allied discipline; demonstrated achievement 
in research; evidence of effective teaching; potential to secure external 
funding. Please send letter of application, c.v., three letters of recommendation, 
and writing sample (no more than 25 pp.) to: Timothy Sweet, 
English Education Search Committee, Department of English, P.O. Box 
6296, West Virginia University, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. Applications 
will be considered until position is filled; review begins November 
6, 2006. For information on the Department, please visit our web site: 
http://english.
wvu.edu/. WVU is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
[R] 

Wisconsin 

Beloit C 

English, 700 College St Beloit WI 53511 

Assistant Professor of English 637 

http://www.
beloit.edu/~english 

A tenure-track position will begin August, 2007. Ph.D. preferred, M.F.A. 
considered. Successful candidates must demonstrate excellence in teaching 
and have a strong commitment to undergraduate liberal arts education. 
They should offer evidence of substantial creative and scholarly achievement 
and show excellence in the publication of poetry. The normal teaching 
load is 5 courses per year. Primary responsibilities include teaching 
poetry writing, introductory creative writing (poetry and fiction), and 
both introductory and advanced courses in literature, with period and area 
less important than demonstrated high quality of teaching and criticism. 
Desirable additional areas include such fields as journalism, media studies, 
ethnic studies, women’s studies and /or film studies. The successful candidate 
will also contribute to all-college programs (e.g., first-year seminars, 
interdisciplinary studies, writing program, and international education). 
For more information on Beloit’s English Department, visit http://www 
.beloit.edu/~english. 

Please send letter of application, transcripts, vita, fifteen-page poetry manuscript, 
sample of literary criticism and three letters of recommendation 
by November 15, 2006 to Tom McBride, Chair, Department of English, 
Beloit College, 700 College Street, Beloit, WI 53511-5595. Preliminary 
interviews will be conducted at the December 2006 MLA Convention. 

Beloit College is committed to the educational benefits of diversity and 
urges all interested individuals to apply. AA/EOE 
employer. 
[R] 

Edgewood C 

English, 1000 Edgewood College Dr Madison WI 53711 

Assistant Professor of English 1043 

Edgewood Colleges English Department seeks a generalist with strengths 
in post-WWII British and Anglophone literature to teach freshman composition 
and introductory literature courses, as well as courses in specialty 
areas. Secondary areas of strength may include poetry writing or secondary 
education. This is a tenure-track position that begins Fall 2007. 
Edgewood College is a small, Catholic liberal arts college in Madison, 
Wisconsin. Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand or a dissertation close to completion. 
Application is due by November 15, 2006. Interviews may be 
held at MLA annual conference. Please do not send dossiers at this time. 
Send only letter of application and vita addressed to Prof. James Hunter, 
Chair, English Dept., and mail to: Human ResourcesAPENG, Edgewood 
College, 1000 Edgewood College Drive, Madison, WI 53711. 

Lakeland C 

English, PO Box 359 Sheboygan WI 53082 

Assistant Professor-Composition and Rhetoric 667 

http://www.
lakeland.edu 

LAKELAND COLLEGE, an independent liberal arts institution located 
in northeastern Wisconsin, midway between Milwaukee and Green Bay, 
seeks candidates for a tenure-track position in Composition and Rhetoric, 
to start in August 2007. A PhD in composition and rhetoric, writing, 
English, or related field, is required, as is college level teaching experience. 
The candidate’s background and/or 
interest could be in writing-acrossthe-
curriculum, developmental writing, writing assessment, professional 
writing, and/or 
classical rhetoric. Primary teaching responsibilities are 
in the basic composition sequence and the interdisciplinary Core, with 
appointments in the Honors Program possible for outstanding educators. 
Candidates should also have experience with or potential for writing program 
administration. 



The standard teaching load is eight courses per year, distributed over two 
semesters and a May term. Candidates for the rank of Assistant Professor 
should possess a PhD; ABD candidates will be considered at the rank of 
Instructor. Interested and qualified candidates should submit a letter of 
interest, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, and three current letters 
of recommendation by December 1, 2006, to Lakeland College, Director 
of Human Resources, P.O. Box 359, Sheboygan, WI 53082-0359; email 
to schoemerjr@lakeland.edu. A competitive salary is offered along with a 
comprehensive benefit program. For additional information on the College 
please tour our web site: www.lakeland.edu. Note: interviews will be 
conducted at the MLA convention. 

Lakeland College is an equal opportunity employer/
educator 
[R] 

Lawrence U 

English, PO Box 599 Appleton WI 54912 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance literature (English) 266 

http://www.
lawrence.edu 

Tenure-track opening for fall 2007 in Renaissance literature, preferably 
with a focus on drama. Ph.D. required. Candidates must be prepared to 
take primary responsibility for a Shakespeare course required of all English 
majors. The teaching load is two courses in each of three ten-week 
terms. In addition to Shakespeare and other advanced courses in Renaissance 
literature, responsibilities include regular contributions to the freshman 
program, as well as introductory and intermediate literature courses. 
Preference will be given to candidates who can also offer a survey of medieval 
literature. Send letter, CV, and dossier by November 15 to Karen 
Hoffmann, Chair, English Department, Lawrence University, Appleton, 
WI 54912. Lawrence is a private, nationally-ranked liberal-arts college of 
about 1400 students and 120 faculty. We will interview at MLA. Lawrence 
promotes equal opportunity for all. [R] 

Ripon C 

English, PO Box 248, 300 Seward St Ripon WI 54971 

Assistant Professor of English 577 

http://www.
ripon.edu 

Ripon College seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, beginning 
August 2007. Applicants should have Ph.D. by start date. Specialty 
in Early Modern English Literature. Primary teaching duties include first 
year literature/composition, 
Shakespeare, and survey Beowulf to Milton. 
Secondary teaching opportunities (depending on interests and abilities of 
candidate and needs of the department) could include non-western literature, 
literary criticism, dramatic literature with an emphasis on production, 
or medieval literature. Normal load is three courses a semester. 
Successful applicants must demonstrate a commitment to teaching excellence 
at a liberal arts institution, as well as active and ongoing development. 
Interested candidates should submit a CV and letter of application 
addressing qualifications to: Robin Woods, Chair, Ripon College, P.O. 
Box 248, Ripon, WI 54971. Review of credentials begins November 15, 
2006, and continues until the position is filled. Ripon College is an Equal 
Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Wisconsin-Eau Claire 

English, PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 1031 

http://www.
uwec.edu 

One tenure-track position teaching courses in creative writing; appointment 
begins 20 August 2007. Required qualif ications: earned MFA, 
Ph.D., or DA in creative writing at time of appointment; at least one 
book (or substantial publications) of poetry; experience teaching writing 
at the college level. Strong assets: demonstrated expertise in prose writing 
(fiction and/or 
non-fiction); evidence of preparation and interest in 
teaching American literature; evidence of excellent teaching at the college 
level. To ensure priority consideration, submit vita and application 
letter postmarked by 6 November 2006 to Bruce Taylor, Chair, Creative 
Writing Search Committee. Electronic submissions preferred if available; 
email lazarvr@uwec.edu for procedure. Screening may continue beyond 
November 6 as necessary until position is filled. Applications will be acknowledged 
by letter. We will hold preliminary interviews for this position 
at the MLA convention in Philadelphia or by telephone. Reference 
letters will be requested of semif inalist candidates, and we may check 
additional references at our discretion. According to state law, names of 
finalists will be released on request. Members of this department teach 
composition every semester in addition to general and specialized courses; 
typical semester load is three courses, equivalent to 12 credits. Complete 
position description will be available by October 1 at http://www.
uwec 
.edu/acadaff/
jobs/faculty/. 
Additional information about the department 
is available at http://www.
uwec.edu/english. 
UW-Eau Claire is an AA/ 
EO 
employer; 
candidates able to enhance the diversity of the department 
and serve as role models and mentors for women and/or 
minorities are 
especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Madison 

English Department, 600 N Park St, 7187 Helen C. White Hall 
Madison WI 53706 

Associate or Full Professor in Composition/Rhetoric 
306 

http://www.
wisc.edu/english/ 


The English Department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison is 
searching for an associate or full professor in composition/rhetoric 
to direct 
its first year writing program and to be part of the graduate program 
in composition/rhetoric. 
We are particularly interested in those with 
teaching ability and research programs in, and an interest in developing, 
the following areas: history and theory of rhetoric; new writing technologies 
and media; ethnic or cultural rhetorics; biliteracy; service learning. 

The English 100 program is the English department’s contribution to the 
University of Wisconsin’s first-year communication requirement. It is a 
TA-taught course that enrolls about 1800 students a year (about 95 sections 
across two semesters). The course is supported by an associate director, 
two graduate student assistant directors, a course release during the 
semester, and summer salary support. The graduate program in composition/
rhetoric 
currently enrolls 27 PhD students working in composition, 
rhetoric, literacy, and other areas of the field. 

Please send a letter of application, a CV, and the names and contact information 
of at least three references by October 30, 2006 to Lori Studnicka, 
Department of English, Helen C. White Hall, 600 North Park Street, 
Madison, WI, 53706. 

Unless conf identiality is requested in writing, information regarding 
the names of applicants must be released upon request. Finalists cannot 
be guaranteed conf identiality. UW-Madison is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer. 
We promote excellence through diversity 
and encourage all qualified individuals to apply. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Oshkosh 

English, 800 Algoma Blvd Oshkosh WI 54901 

Assistant Professor of English 552 

http://www.
english.uwosh.edu 

University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, Department of English, seeks tenuretrack 
assistant professor beginning September 1, 2007. Ph.D. with specialization 
in American Indian Literature required. Expectations include 
college teaching experience; an active research and publication agenda; 
and the ability to teach upper-level and graduate courses in American 
Indian Literature as well as general education courses in literature and 
composition. Service on committees and advising of English majors also 
expected. Twenty-four-credit teaching load with six credits reassigned 
to research for active scholar/writers. 
Faculty development and diversity 
scholar grants also available. Send letter of application, CV, three current 
letters of recommendation, and official graduate transcripts to Dr. Ron 
Rindo, Chair, Department of English, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, 



Oshkosh, WI 54901-8692. Application deadline: November 13, 2006. 
AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of Wisconsin-Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 396 

http://www.
uwplatt.edu 

Tenure-track position at Assistant Professor level in early American Literature 
to 1865. Ph.D. in English or American Studies/American 
Culture 
required. Preference will be given to candidates with an interest in 
multicultural studies. Must have demonstrated commitment to working 
with diverse populations and a desire to teach composition. Teaching load 
is four courses per semester, including first-year composition and literature. 
Application deadline is November 10, 2006. Position pending final 
approval. 


Send letter of application, vita, three letters of reference and unofficial 
graduate transcripts to: Kevin Concannon, American Literature Search 
and Screen Committee Chair, Department of Humanities (Ref. Code: 
07. Eng. 10), University of Wisconsin-Platteville, 1 University Plaza, 
Platteville, WI 53818 

The University of Wisconsin-Platteville, an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer, 
seeks to build a diverse faculty and staff and encourages 
applications from persons of color and women. The names of 
nominees and applicants who have not requested in writing that their 
identities be kept confidential, and of all finalists, will be released upon 
request. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of English 1042 

http://www.
uwplatt.edu/English/
index.html 

Full-time, tenure-track position in Film Studies beginning fall semester 
2007. A Ph.D. in English, Film Studies, or in a related field is required, 
which must be completed by August 23, 2007. The candidate must have 
the ability to teach composition and to develop courses in film. A minimum 
of two years of teaching at the college level is required. An interest 
in multicultural studies is desired. Teaching load is four courses each semester, 
including one course in area of specialization, multiple courses 
in writing, and other courses as needed. Send cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of reference to Dr. Peter Hadorn, Film Studies 
Search and Screen Committee Chair, Ref. Code: 07.Engl.01, University 
of Wisconsin-Platteville, 1 University Plaza, Platteville, WI 53818-3099. 
The deadline for application is November 10, 2006. The University of 
Wisconsin-Platteville, an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, 
seeks to build a diverse faculty and staff and encourages applications from 
persons of color and women. The names of nominees and applicants who 
have not requested in writing that their identities be kept confidential, 
and of all finalists, will be released upon request. This position is pending 
formal approval. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Stout 

English/Philos, 
132 Harvey Hall Menomonie WI 54751 

Assistant Professor 715 

http://www.
uwstout.edu/cas/
english/index.
shtml 

Composition, Composition and Literature, Intermediate Writing Tenure 
track entry-level assistant professor position beginning August 2007. 
We are looking for faculty who value teaching as a career and who are 
interested in teaching freshman composition, composition and literature, 
and intermediate writing courses. Willingness to use technology in the 
classroom is essential as we are a laptop campus. Expertise or interest in 
on-line delivery is preferred. Degree in English, Rhetoric, Technical 
Communication, or a related f ield; Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. 
Ph.D. and scholarship are required for promotion and tenure. Department/
university 
service and advising students are expected. For a more 
detailed description of the position, please see our website. <http://www 
.uwstout.edu/cas/
english/index.
shtml> Send letter, vita, copies of transcripts, 
evidence of teaching potential, and names of three references to 
English Vacancy Search Committee, Department of English and Philosophy, 
University of Wisconsin-Stout, Menomonie WI 54751. No FAX or 
e-mail applications considered. For additional information, contact Dr. 
Michael Levy, Department Chair, at 715-232-1103, levym@uwstout.edu. 
Application deadline November 15. EEO/AA 


Wyoming 

U of Wyoming 

English, PO Box 3353 1000 E University Av Laramie WY 82071 

Associate or Full Professor of English, Rhetoric and Composition 580 

http://uwacadweb.
uwyo.edu/English/ 


Tenure-line Associate or Full Professor with specialization in Rhetoric 
and Composition. Ph.D. in English or related field. Primary responsibilities 
include direction of first-year composition program and contribution 
to M.A. track in rhetoric and composition. Significant publication and 
teaching experience required; preference will be given to candidates with 
experience in graduate teaching, program administration, and TA training. 
Teaching load 2/1. 
Salary $72,000 plus start-up. Please send letter of 
application, c.v., writing sample, 3 letters of reference, and evidence of 
successful teaching to Lora Steele-Hicks, University of Wyoming, Dept. 
of English #3353, 1000 E. University Ave, Laramie, WY 82071. Application 
will acknowledged by letter. Review of applicants will begin November 
1st, 2006. Interviews at MLA. The University of Wyoming is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Canadian Institutions 

Brock U 

English, 500 Glenridge Av St Catharines ON L2S 3A1 Canada 

Assistant Professor, Contemporary American Literature 222 

http://www.
brocku.ca/english 


The Department of English at Brock University invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Contemporary American 
Literature to begin July 1, 2007. Expertise in race studies, queer theory, 
gender studies or technoculture will be an asset. The successful candidate 
will have a PhD in hand or defense date set, demonstrated scholarly 
promise, and a strong teaching record. As well as carrying on a sustained 
research program, the successful candidate will regularly have a two and 
two teaching load. The Department offers a MA with a f ield of Text/ 
Community/
Discourse and an undergraduate program with over 480 majors. 
Applicants should submit a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a 
plan of proposed research, evidence of teaching competence, and a sample 
of published work, and should arrange for the submission of three letters 
of reference. Mail to Professor Mathew Martin, Chair of the Appointment 
Committee; deadline October 31, 2006. 

Applications will be acknowledged by email. Brock University is committed 
to a positive action policy aimed at reducing gender imbalance in 
faculty; qualified men and women candidates are equally encouraged to 
apply. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Brock University is situated 
atop the Niagara Escarpment on the south side of Lake Ontario, within 
an easy drive of Buffalo and Toronto. [R] 



Concordia U 

English, Rm LB501, 1455 de Maisonneuve West MontrÃ©al QC H3G 
1M8 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Engliish 299 

Applications are invited for one tenure-track appointment in the area of 
British 18th Century Literature. Candidates should have teaching competence 
across the field, including Restoration and 18th century drama, 
poetry, the novel and the other prose of the period. A completed PhD, or 
one very near completion, is necessary, and successful teaching experience 
is highly desirable. The successful candidate will have demonstrated competence 
that allows him/her 
to teach at the graduate and undergraduate 
levels, and to supervise graduate theses. Publications are a definite asset, 
as are secondary strengths in cultural theory. The position will normally 
begin July 1, 2007. Application materials, including a cover letter, a current 
curriculum vitae, a 20 page writing sample, a statement of teaching 
philosophy and interests, and evidence of teaching effectiveness, must 
reach the Department by November 1, 2006. Candidates should arrange 
for three letters of reference and academic transcripts to be sent directly to 
Dr. Marcie Frank, Chair, Department of English. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents 
of Canada will be given priority. Concordia University is committed 
to employment equity. [R] 

Dalhousie U 

English, Halifax NS B3H 4P9 Canada 

Assistant Professor in Contemporary Culture 179 

http://english.
dal.ca/index.
php 

The Department of English at Dalhousie University invites applications 
for one full-time, tenure stream appointment in Contemporary Culture at 
the rank of Lecturer/Assistant 
Professor, effective July 1, 2007. Expertise 
in Film Studies, Contemporary Literature and Theory, and/or 
Popular 
Culture will be an asset. A PhD or PhD in hand, and clear evidence of 
strong scholarly and teaching potential are required. The position is subject 
to budgetary approval. 

Deadline for applications is October 15, 2006. Candidates should submit 
an application including a c.v., transcripts, evidence of teaching effectiveness, 
writing sample, and three reference letters to: Dr. Leonard Diepeveen, 
Chair, Department of English, 6135 University Avenue, Dalhousie 
University, Halifax, NS B3H 4P9. For further information call (902) 494- 
6873, or email Leonard.Diepeveen@Dal.Ca 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. 

Dalhousie University is an Employment Equity/Aff 
irmative Action 
employer. 
The University encourages applications from qualif ied Aboriginal 
people, persons with a disability, racially visible persons and 
women. [R] 

Dalhousie U 

English, Halifax NS B3H 4P9 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature and Culture 180 

http://english.
dal.ca/index.
php 

The Department of English at Dalhousie University invites applications 
for a full-time, tenure stream appointment in Medieval Literature and 
Culture at the rank of Assistant Professor, effective July 1, 2007. Candidates 
must be qualified to offer undergraduate teaching, graduate teaching, 
and thesis supervision in Middle English literature and culture. In 
addition, the ability to teach Old English and/or 
History of the English 
Language would be an asset, as would knowledge of other languages of 
medieval England. Requirements for the position include a Ph.D. complete 
at the time of appointment, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and 
evidence of scholarly excellence, including publications. This position is 
subject to budgetary approval. 

Deadline for applications is October 15, 2006. Candidates should submit 
an application including a c.v., university-level transcripts, writing sample, 
and three reference letters to: Leonard Diepeveen, Chair, Department 
of English, 6135 University Avenue, Dalhousie University, Halifax, NS 
B3H 4P9. For further information call 902 494 6873, or email Leonard. 
Diepeveen@dal.ca. 

All qualif ied candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians 
and permanent residents will be given priority. Dalhousie University is 
an Employment Equity/Aff 
irmative Action employer. 
The University 
encourages applications from qualified Aboriginal people, persons with a 
disability, racially visible persons, and women. [R] 

McGill U 

English, 853 Sherbrooke St W MontrÃ©al QC H3A 2T6 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Late-medieval English Literature (non-Chaucerian) 45 

http://www.
arts.mcgill.ca/programs/
english/english.
html 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin August 1, 2007, in the area 
of Late-medieval English literature (non-Chaucerian), preferably with a 
secondary teaching capacity in introductory Old English. The successful 
candidate will conduct research and develop a variety of undergraduate 
and graduate courses in medieval literature outside of Chaucer. Ph.D. is 
required. Some teaching experience and a knowledge of French are assets. 
Evidence of scholarly promise is a major consideration. The teaching 
load is 12 credits per academic year. Information about the Department’s 
programs and courses may be found on our website: http://www.
arts.mcgill.
ca/programs/
english/english.
html. Complete applications including a 
curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a writing sample 
(20–30 pages) should arrive no later than November 15th. Applicants who 
wish to receive an acknowledgement should include a stamped (Canadian 
postage please), self addressed postcard. In accordance with Canadian and 
Quebec Immigration requirements, this advertisement is directed first to 
Canadian citizens and permanent residents. McGill University is committed 
to equity in employment. Please address applications to: Professor Paul 
Yachnin, Chair, Department of English, McGill University, 853 Sherbrooke 
St. W., Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3A 2T6. [R] 

Queen’s U 

English, 99 University Av Kingston ON K7L 3N6 Canada 

Contemporary Literary and Cultural Studies 424 

http://www.
queensu.ca/english 


Subject to budgetary approval, the Department of English at Queen’s 
University invites applications for a renewable (tenure-track) appointment 
at the assistant professor level from July 1, 2007, in any area of Contemporary 
literary and cultural studies. Queen’s University, located in the 
Thousand Islands region in proximity to Toronto, Montreal, and Ottawa, 
is a research-intensive institution with strong graduate programmes 
and among the highest undergraduate admissions standards in Canada. 
(Further information on the Department can be found at www.queensu. 
ca/english.) 
The academic staff at Queen’s University are governed by a 
Collective 
Agreement between the Queen’s University Faculty Association 
(QUFA) and the University, the details of which are posted at www 
.qufa.ca. 

Qualifications for this position include completed Ph.D. and evidence of 
excellence in research and teaching. Responsibilities include both undergraduate 
and graduate teaching and supervision. 

Salary will be commensurate with qualif ications and experience. The 
University invites applications from all qualif ied individuals. Queen’s 
is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and 
welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender 
identity. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian 
citizens and Permanent Residents will be given priority. Applicants 
should send a curriculum vitae and a 5000 word writing sample and 



should arrange for three letters of reference (or a dossier from a university 
placement officer) to be sent to Professor Patricia Rae, Head, Department 
of English, Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, K7L 3N6. Applications 
must be received by November 17, 2006. [R] 

Queen’s U 

English, 99 University Av Kingston ON K7L 3N6 Canada 

Queen’s National Scholar-Rank Open 421 

http://www.
queensu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Queen’s University invites applications 
from distinguished scholars, with strong publishing records and substantial 
teaching experience, who wish to be nominated for a faculty appointment 
under the Queen’s National Scholar programme. Appointments under 
this programme are intended to enrich research and teaching in both 
new and established fields of knowledge and will be determined through 
a university-wide competition. Applications are invited from scholars in 
any field, but the department is particularly interested in applicants with 
interdisciplinary research profiles and/or 
expertise in the following areas: 
Aboriginal studies, Canadian studies, Contemporary literary and cultural 
studies and Victorian studies. Preference will be given to scholars in the 
early-to-mid career stage. Appointments under this programme will be 
either tenured or tenure-track, though under certain circumstances special 
shorter-term appointments may be made. 

Queen’s University, located in the Thousand Islands region in proximity 
to Toronto, Montreal, and Ottawa, is a research-intensive institution 
with strong graduate programmes and among the highest undergraduate 
admissions standards in Canada. (Further information on the Department 
can be found at www.queensu.ca/english.) 
The academic staff at Queen’s 
University are governed by a Collective Agreement between the Queen’s 
University Faculty Association (QUFA) and the University, the details of 
which are posted at www.qufa.ca. 

The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Queen’s 
is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and 
welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender 
identity. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian 
citizens and Permanent Residents will be given priority. A full 
application for this appointment at Queen’s should include a curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference (or a dossier from a university placement 
officer), a 5000 word writing sample, a brief statement of current and 
prospective research interests, and a statement regarding teaching experience. 
Application materials and letters of reference should be sent to Dr. 
Patricia Rae, Head, Department of English, Queen’s University, Kingston, 
Ontario, K7L 3N6. Applications must be received by October 13, 
2006. [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Asian North American Literature and Theory 49 

http://www.
sfu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Simon Fraser University offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department 
has 33 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 
graduate students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research 
record and a high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have a 
2/2 
teaching load. We invite applications for one (1) tenure-track appointment 
at the rank of Assistant Professor, effective September 1, 2007, in the 
field of Asian North American literature and theory. Candidates for this 
position must hold a PhD or be near completion. Preference will be given 
to candidates with demonstrated strengths in teaching and research. Applicants 
should submit a detailed letter of application, a curriculum vitae, 
transcripts of academic record, and a sample of their scholarly writing, and 
ask three referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department 
of English, Simon Fraser University, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, 
BC V5A 1S6. Applications must be received by October 31, 2006. All 
qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University 
is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from all 
qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
and persons with disabilities. These positions are subject to budgetary 
approval. Under the authority of the University Act personal information 
that is required by the University for academic appointment competitions 
will be collected. For further details see: http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/ 
Faculty_Openings/Collection_
Notice.html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada 

Assistant Professor of 18th century British Literature (1660–1800) 48 

http://www.
sfu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Simon Fraser University offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department 
has 33 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 
graduate students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research 
record and a high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have a 
2/2 
teaching load. We invite applications for one (1) tenure-track appointment 
at the rank of Assistant Professor, effective September 1, 2007, in the 
field of 18th-c British literature (1660–1800). Candidates with a research 
focus in the first half of this period, and/or 
in the drama of the period, are 
especially encouraged to apply. The ideal candidate will also demonstrate 
research and teaching strengths in a complementary area, such as printculture 
studies, critical theory, or globalization studies. Candidates for this 
position must hold a PhD or be near completion. Preference will be given 
to candidates with demonstrated strengths in teaching and research. Applicants 
should submit a detailed letter of application, a curriculum vitae, 
transcripts of academic record, and a sample of their scholarly writing, and 
ask three referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department 
of English, Simon Fraser University, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, BC 
V5A 1S6. Applications must be received by October 31, 2006. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to employment equity and encourages applications from all 
qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
and persons with disabilities. These positions are subject to budgetary 
approval. Under the authority of the University Act personal information 
that is required by the University for academic appointment competitions 
will be collected. For further details see: http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/ 
Faculty_Openings/Collection_
Notice.html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada 

Assistant or Associate Professor of 20th century literature 47 

http://www.
sfu.ca/english 


The English Department at Simon Fraser University is instituting a new 
graduate program for teachers. The Master of Arts for Teachers of English 
(MATE) Program will be an innovative and accessible two-year, cohort 
program in advanced English studies leading to the MA degree. Located 
in SFU’s new Surrey, B.C. Campus, MATE will accept 12–15 applicants 
each year and will commence in May, 2007. We invite applications for 1 
tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor, 
effective May 1, 2007 in the field of 20th century literature. This will be 
a core faculty position in the new program. Candidates must hold a PhD. 
N.B. Preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate not only a 
strong record of research and teaching, but also expertise in connecting 
research to pedagogy and in adult learning. Candidates should also demonstrate 
research and teaching strengths in a second area of expertise. The 
successful candidates will teach graduate courses in their fields, develop 
courses introducing the cohort to advanced study and to current critical 
approaches in English, and have administrative duties associated with the 
MATE program. They will also teach courses in the Departments undergraduate 
program at the Burnaby, B.C. campus. Tenure-track faculty 



at SFU have a 2/2 
teaching load and teach in 2 of the Universitys 3 trimesters. 
Faculty members in the MATE Program will teach in the Summer 
trimester and in either the Fall or Spring trimester. Applicants should 
submit a detailed letter of application, a curriculum vitae, transcripts of 
academic record, and a sample of their scholarly writing, and ask three 
referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department of English, 
Simon Fraser University, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C. V5A 1S6. 
Applications must be received by October 2, 2006. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent 
residents will be given priority. 

Simon Fraser University is committed to employment equity and encourages 
applications from all qualified women and men, including visible 
minorities, aboriginal people and persons with disabilities. These 
positions are subject to budgetary approval. Under the authority of the 
University Act personal information that is required by the University for 
academic appointment competitions will be collected. For further details 
see: http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/Collection_
Notice.
html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Shakespeare 46 

http://www.
sfu.ca/english 


The English Department at Simon Fraser University is instituting a new 
graduate program for teachers. The Master of Arts for Teachers of English 
(MATE) Program will be an innovative and accessible two-year, cohort 
program in advanced English studies leading to the MA degree. Located 
in SFU’s new Surrey, B.C. Campus, MATE will accept 12–15 applicants 
each year and will commence in May, 2007. We invite applications for 
1 tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor, 
effective May 1, 2007 in the field of Shakespeare. This will be a core 
faculty position in the new program. Candidates must hold a PhD. N.B. 
Preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate not only a strong 
record of research and teaching, but also expertise in connecting research 
to pedagogy and in adult learning. Candidates should also demonstrate 
research and teaching strengths in a second area of expertise. The successful 
candidates will teach graduate courses in their f ields, develop 
courses introducing 
the cohort to advanced study and to current critical 
approaches in English, and have administrative duties associated with the 
MATE program. They will also teach courses in the Departments undergraduate 
program at the Burnaby, B.C. campus. Tenure-track faculty 
at SFU have a 2/2 
teaching load and teach in 2 of the Universitys 3 trimesters. 
Faculty members in the MATE Program will teach in the Summer 
trimester and in either the Fall or Spring trimester. Applicants should 
submit a detailed letter of application, a curriculum vitae, transcripts of 
academic record, and a sample of their scholarly writing, and ask three 
referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department of English, 
Simon Fraser University, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C. V5A 1S6. 
Applications must be received by October 2, 2006. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent 
residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is committed to 
employment equity and encourages applications from all qualified women 
and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people and persons with 
disabilities. These positions are subject to budgetary approval. Under the 
authority of the University Act personal information that is required by 
the University for academic appointment competitions will be collected. 
For further details see: http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/
Collection_
Notice.html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences, 250-13450 102nd Ave Surrey BC V3T 
Canada 

Assistant/Associate 
Professors World Literature 729 

http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/Arts.
html 

World Literature 2 Appointments 

The Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences at Simon Fraser University invites 
applications for two full-time, tenure-track appointments in World Literature 
beginning July 1, 2007. The appointments are for new undergraduate 
programs in World Literature; the major, minor, and honors programs 
are comparativist with a focus on intercultural exchange. MA and PhD 
programs in World Literature may be considered for development at SFU 
Surrey in the future. 

Simon Fraser University has three closely connected campuses in the metropolitan 
region of Vancouver. The campuses in Burnaby, Vancouver, and 
Surrey have a diverse, multicultural student body. The World Literature 
programs, faculty, and students will be located at the SFU Surrey campus. 
Faculty will be responsible for introductory World Literature courses at 
SFU Burnaby, SFU Vancouver, and SFU Surrey. 

The appointments will be at the rank of Assistant and/or 
Associate Professor. 
Tenure-track faculty at SFU have a 2/2 
teaching load and teach in 
two of the Universitys three trimesters. 

Applicants for this position must hold a doctoral degree, have expertise in 
more than one literary and cultural tradition, and be proficient in at least 
one language other than English. Applications are encouraged from scholars 
with a comparative focus. Preference will be given to applicants with 
specialization in two literatures, exclusive of English and Latin American 
literatures. Appointments will be made commensurate with experience in 
teaching, research, and service. 

Applicants should submit a detailed letter of application that addresses 
current and future research interests as well as teaching philosophy and 
experience. The letter must be accompanied by a curriculum vitae and 
a sample of scholarly writing. If applicable, include a summary of your 
experience in curricular development, in departmental or university governance, 
and in mentoring new scholars. Applicants must also arrange for 
three letters of reference to be sent directly to Dr. Heather Dawkins at the 
address below. 

The deadline for applications is November 1, 2006 or until the positions 
are filled. 

All materials should be sent to: 

Dr. Heather Dawkins, Associate Dean, Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, 
Simon Fraser University Surrey, Central City, 250-13450 102nd 
Avenue, Surrey, BC, V3T 0A3, Canada 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to the principle of equity in employment and offers equal employment 
opportunities to qualified applicants. The position is subject to 
final budgetary approval. 

Under the authority of the University Act personal information that is 
required by the University for academic appointment competitions will 
be collected. For further details see the Collection Notice at http://www 
.sfu.ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/Collection_
Notice.html. [R] 

U of British Columbia 

First Nations Studies Program, 1866 Main Mall Buchanan C352 
Vancouver BC V5T Canada 

Tenure Track Position Indigenous Studies/First 
Nations Studies 129 

http://fnsp.
arts.ubc.ca 

The First Nations Studies Program at the University of British Columbia 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in the First Nations Studies 
Program. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in Indigenous studies or a 
related discipline at the time of appointment, and have a record of or clear 
potential for excellent research, teaching, and publication, as well as a 
documented ability to work with Aboriginal students and communities. 
Area of specialization is open, but candidates with a specialization in politics, 
gender, or media studies are particularly encouraged to apply. Applicants 
at a more advanced level may be considered pending funding. This 
position involves teaching in the core curriculum of the program and the 
opportunity to develop additional curriculum, the mentoring of Aboriginal 
students, liaison with Aboriginal communities and organizations, and 
participation in program development and other program functions. The 



First Nations Studies program offers a BA with a Major or a Minor in First 
Nations Studies and is dedicated to the development of theoretical investigations 
of Indigenous issues and strategic community-based research. For 
more information about the program and other related job opportunities 
at UBC, please see our web site at http://fnsp.arts.ubc.ca. 

This appointment is effective 1 July 2007 and is subject to final budgetary 
approval. Application materials should be received no later than 15 November 
2006. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Departmental home is dependant on the area of disciplinary 
specialization. UBC hires on the basis of merit and is committed to employment 
equity. We encourage all qualified persons, and especially Indigenous 
scholars, to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents 
of Canada will be given priority. 

Please apply with letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
reference with current contact information, one article-length writing 
sample, and teaching evaluations if available, to 

Linc Kesler, Director, UBC First Nations Studies Program, Anthropology 
and Sociology Building, Room 122, 6303 NW Marine Drive, Vancouver 
BC Canada V6T 1Z1 

linc.kesler@ubc.ca 

Please contact us if you have questions. 

U of Toronto 

English, 7 King’s College Cir Toronto ON M5S 3K1 Canada 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Aboriginal Literature 92 

http://www.
utoronto.ca/english 


Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant Professor 
or recently promoted Associate Professor, Department of English (60%) 
and Aboriginal Studies (40%), St. George Campus, University of Toronto. 
Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise 
theses, and carry out research in the area of Aboriginal Literature. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in Aboriginal Literature, 
and interest in Canadian Aboriginal issues. Interest in community-based 
research and Aboriginal methodologies and experience in working with 
Aboriginal communities is an asset. The University of Toronto is a threecampus 
university with unitary graduate departments. Duties consist of 
research and undergraduate and graduate teaching on the St. George campus. 
Applicants must show promise of outstanding research and teaching 
potential. Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications. 

Aboriginal Studies (www.utoronto.ca/abs) 
is an interdisciplinary program 
that brings together faculty from across the University of Toronto and 
works closely with the student services unit First Nations House. Responsibilities 
involve teaching of undergraduate courses (specific assignments 
to be negotiated) and regular participation in program activities. The Aboriginal 
Studies Program is a partner in the new Centre for Aboriginal 
Initiatives to be developed at the University of Toronto over the next few 
years. 

Send applications and c.v. to Prof. Brian Corman, Chair, Department of 
English, 7 King’s College Circle, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON 
M5S 3K1. Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts 
sent directly to the Department as soon as possible. Include ONE writingsample 
of not more than 25 pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2007. 
The deadline for applications is 6 November 2006. Applications will not 
be accepted after the deadline (no e-mail applications will be accepted). 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. The University 
also offers opportunities to work in a range of collaborative programs, 
including Book History and Print Culture, Aboriginal, Canadian, environmental, 
ethno-cultural, sexual diversity, gender and womens studies. 
The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority 
group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given 
priority. 

U of Toronto at Mississauga 

Centre for Visual and Media Culture, 3359 Mississauga Rd N, CCIT 
Rm. 3051 3359 Mississauga Rd. North Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 
Canada 

Assistant Professor, Cultural Studies of Digital Media and Technology 526 

http://www.
utm.utoronto.ca 

The Institute of Communication and Culture, University of Toronto at 
Mississauga seeks applications for a tenure-stream Assistant professor in 
Cultural Studies of Digital Media and Technology with an emphasis on 
visual culture and communication and a demonstrated theoretical sophistication 
in cultural studies. Applications are invited from scholars in 
cultural studies, media/information/
communication studies, art history, 
visual culture, computing in humanities, science and technology studies, 
comparative literature, amongst others. The position entails undergraduate 
teaching at the Mississauga campus and a graduate appointment at the 
St. George campus. Application deadline: November 15th. 

For details see: http://link.
library.utoronto.ca/academicjobs/
display_job_ 
detail_public.cfm?job_id=2095 

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority 
group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Toronto at Mississauga 

Centre for Visual and Media Culture, 3359 Mississauga Rd N, CCIT 
Rm. 3051 3359 Mississauga Rd. North Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 
Canada 

Assistant Professor of Asian New Media, Visual Culture, and 
Contemporary Art 529 

http://www.
utm.utoronto.ca 

The Institute of Communication and Culture, University of Toronto 
at Mississauga seeks applications for a tenure-stream Assistant professor 
in Asian New Media, Visual Culture and Contemporary Art. We seek 
a specialist in East and/or 
South Asian art/media/
visual culture. Applicants 
from a variety of disciplines (including anthropology, art history, 
comparative literature, cultural studies, East Asian studies, South Asian 
Studies) are invited to apply. The position entails undergraduate teaching 
at the Mississauga campus and a graduate appointment at the St. George 
campus. Application deadline: December 1st. 

For details see: http://link.
library.utoronto.ca/academicjobs/
display_job_ 
detail_public.cfm?job_id=2078 

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority 
group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. [R] 



U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English & Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 
Canada 

Assistant Professor of English 183 

http://http:
www.utm.utoronto.ca/~w3eng/ 

University of Toronto at Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, 
English. Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant 
Professor, Department of English and Drama, University of Toronto at 
Mississauga, University of Toronto. Qualif ications: Ph.D. in English, 
with specialization in Victorian Literature. Applications are welcomed 
from candidates qualif ied to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research 
in that area, and who have evidence of excellence in research and 
teaching. Secondary field, particularly in those areas with existing UTM 
programsTheatre, Drama and Performance Studies; Women and Gender 
Studies; Institute of Communication and Culturewould be strongly preferred. 
The University of Toronto Department of English is a three-campus 
graduate department (St. George, U of T at Mississauga, and U of T 
at Scarborough), and the successful candidate will be a member of the 
graduate faculty of the University of Toronto. Duties consist of research; 
teaching undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate courses 
at the St. George campus; supervision of graduate theses. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. 

Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department 
of English and Drama/University 
of Toronto at Mississauga/3359 
Mississauga Road North/Mississauga, 
Ontario L5L 1C6. Have 3 letters of 
reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department 
as soon as possible. Include ONE writing sample of scholarly work 
of not more than 25 pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2007. The 
deadline for applications is 10 November 2006. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in 
the world. The University also offers opportunities to work in a range of 
collaborative programs. The University of Toronto is strongly committed 
to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, 
persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups, and others 
who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English & Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 
Canada 

Assistant Professor of English 185 

http://www.
utm.utoronto.ca/~w3eng/ 

University of Toronto at Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, 
English. Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant 
Professor, Department of English and Drama, University of Toronto at 
Mississauga, University of Toronto. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or 
related field, with specialization in Twentieth-century/
Contemporary 
Drama. Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, 
supervise theses, and carry out research in this area, and who have evidence 
of excellence in research and teaching. Secondary field, particularly 
in those areas with existing UTM programsTheatre, Drama and 
Performance Studies; Institute of Communication and Culturewould be 
strongly preferred. The University of Toronto Department of English is 
a three-campus graduate department (St. George, U of T at Mississauga, 
and U of T at Scarborough), and the successful candidate will be a member 
of the graduate faculty of the University of Toronto. Duties consist of 
research; teaching undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate 
courses at the St. George campus; supervision of graduate theses. Salary 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. 

Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department 
of English and Drama/University 
of Toronto at Mississauga/3359 
Mississauga Road North/Mississauga, 
Ontario L5L 1C6. Have 3 letters of 
reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department 
as soon as possible. Include ONE writing sample of scholarly work 
of not more than 25 pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2007. The 
deadline for applications is 10 November 2006. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in 
the world. The University also offers opportunities to work in a range of 
collaborative programs. The University of Toronto is strongly committed 
to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, 
persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups, and others 
who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English & Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 
Canada 

Assistant Professor of English 184 

http://http:
www.utm.utoronto.ca/~w3eng/ 

University of Toronto at Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, 
English. Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant 
Professor, Department of English and Drama, University of Toronto at 
Mississauga, University of Toronto. Qualif ications: Ph.D. in English, 
with specialization in Victorian Literature. Applications are welcomed 
from candidates qualif ied to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research 
in that area, and who have evidence of excellence in research and 
teaching. Secondary field, particularly in those areas with existing UTM 
programsTheatre, Drama and Performance Studies; Women and Gender 
Studies; Institute of Communication and Culturewould be strongly preferred. 
The University of Toronto Department of English is a three-campus 
graduate department (St. George, U of T at Mississauga, and U of T 
at Scarborough), and the successful candidate will be a member of the 
graduate faculty of the University of Toronto. Duties consist of research; 
teaching undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate courses 
at the St. George campus; supervision of graduate theses. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. 

Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department 
of English and Drama/University 
of Toronto at Mississauga/3359 
Mississauga Road North/Mississauga, 
Ontario L5L 1C6. Have 3 letters of 
reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department 
as soon as possible. Include ONE writing sample of scholarly work 
of not more than 25 pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2007. The 
deadline for applications is 10 November 2006. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in 
the world. The University also offers opportunities to work in a range of 
collaborative programs. The University of Toronto is strongly committed 
to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, 
persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups, and others 
who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria BC V8W 3W1 Canada 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance Literature 337 

http://www.
english.uvic.ca/ 

The Department of English, University of Victoria, invites applications 
for a tenure track position in the area of Renaissance Literature. Expertise 
in Shakespeare will be a distinct advantage. The appointment, effective 
1 July 2007, will be made at the rank of Assistant Professor. Candidates 



should hold or be close to completing a Ph.D.; candidates should also 
be prepared to provide evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence or 
potential. 


Letters of application, CVs including all university transcripts, writing 
sample, and confidential letters from three referees should be sent by October 
31, 2006, to: 

Dr. Robert Miles, Chair, Department of English, University of Victoria, 
P.O. Box 3070 Stn CSC, Victoria, BC, V8W 3W1, Canada 

The University of Victoria is an equity employer. 


All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance 
with Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents 
will be given priority [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria BC V8W 3W1 Canada 

Assistant Professor in Literatures of the West Coast 339 

http://www.
english.uvic.ca/ 

The Department of English, University of Victoria, invites applications 
for a tenure track position in the Literatures of the West Coast to support 
the Department’s expansion in this area. Applications are invited from 
scholars working in the fields of West Coast Aboriginal, American, Canadian, 
or Asian North American writing. The appointment, effective 1 July 
2007, will be made at the rank of Assistant Professor. Candidates should 
hold or be close to completing a Ph.D.; candidates should also be prepared 
to provide evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence or potential. 

Letters of application, CVs including all university transcripts, writing 
sample, and confidential letters from three referees should be sent by October 
31, 2006, to: 

Dr. Robert Miles, Chair, Department of English, University of Victoria, 
P.O. Box 3070 Stn CSC Victoria, BC, V8W 3W1, Canada 

The University of Victoria is an equity employer 
. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance 
with Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents 
will be given priority. [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria BC V8W 3W1 Canada 

Assistant Professor in 20th Century British Literature 336 

http://www.
engl.uvic.ca/ 

The Department of English, University of Victoria, invites applications 
for a tenure track position in the area of 20th Century British Literature. 
Expertise in 20th C British poetry will be a distinct advantage. The appointment, 
effective 1 July 2007, will be made at the rank of Assistant 
Professor. Candidates should hold or be close to completing a Ph.D.; 
candidates should also be prepared to provide evidence of scholarly and 
teaching excellence or potential. 

Letters of application, CVs including all university transcripts, writing 
sample, and confidential letters from three referees should be sent by October 
31, 2006 to: 

Dr. Robert Miles, Chair, Department of English, University of Victoria, 
P.O. Box 3070 Stn CSC, Victoria, BC, V8W 3W1, Canada 

The University of Victoria is an equity employer. 


All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance 
with Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents 
will be given priority [R] 

U of Waterloo 

English, HH 253 Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 Canada 

Assistant Professor 130 

http://www.
hr.uwaterloo.ca/work/
employ_opp/facpositions.
html 

Applications are invited for a tenure-track position in Literary Studies at 
the Assistant Professor level. We are looking for a colleague with expertise 
in British Literature of the Restoration and Eighteenth Century. The 
successful candidate will be offered a wide range of teaching experiences 
from first year undergraduate courses through to graduate teaching and 
supervision of doctoral students. In addition to undergraduate programs 
in Literature and in Rhetoric and Professional Writing (RPW), our department 
offers innovative MA programs in Literary Studies and in Rhetoric 
and Communication Design (RCD) as well as a unique PhD that 
integrates literary studies with fields of rhetoric, writing, discourse and 
text analysis, and media theory and design. As the Department promotes 
an integrated research culture, secondary expertise in rhetoric and language 
study is also welcome. The teaching load is 2 + 2, which normally 
includes one graduate course. Please visit our website at http://english. 
uwaterloo.ca for more information. Appointment effective July 1, 2007. 

The successful candidate will have the opportunity to participate in the 
growth of the Humanities in the University of Waterloos Arts Faculty. 
The University of Waterloo is a research-intensive public institution, with 
the largest and most successful cooperative education program in North 
America. In this years Macleans magazine national rankings, Waterloo 
was named the top comprehensive university in the country and, for the 
12th year in a row, ranked best overall in the national reputational survey. 
The university is located in a mid-sized city in the heart of Canadas 
Technology Triangle, one hour from Toronto, fifty minutes from Pearson 
International Airport. Consideration of applications will begin on December 
11, 2006. Please send a letter, curriculum vitae, and supporting 
documents (graduate transcripts, writing sample), and arrange for three 
letters of reference to be sent to: Dr. Kevin McGuirk, Chair, Department 
of English Language and Literature, University of Waterloo, Waterloo 
ON N2L 3G1. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, 
Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The University 
of Waterloo encourages applications from all qualified individuals, 
including women, members of visible minorities, Native peoples and persons 
with disabilities. This appointment is subject to the availability of 
funds. [R] 

U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

The Robert and Ruth Lumsden Professorship in English 285 

http://www.
uwo.ca/english/ 


The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario (http:// 
www.
uwo.ca/english/) 
invites applications for The Robert and Ruth 
Lumsden Professorship in English, to begin 1 July 2007. Candidates 
should be at the senior Associate or Full Professor rank, with an outstanding 
record of achievement in research and in teaching and supervision at 
undergraduate and graduate levels. This appointment will be tenured; salary 
will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. All fields, 
periods, and methodologies in English literature, culture, and theory are 
welcome. Position is subject to budget approval. Applicants should have 
f luent written and oral communication skills in English. All qualif ied 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. The University of Western Ontario 
is committed to employment equity and welcomes applications from all 
qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
and persons with disabilities. Send letter of application with curriculum 
vitae, a writing sample, and three letters of reference to: Dr. J. Douglas 
Kneale, Professor and Chair, Department of English, The University of 
Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7. Applications must 
be received by 1 November 2006. [R] 



U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Renaissance Drama 284 

http://www.
uwo.ca/english/ 


The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario (http:// 
www.
uwo.ca/english/) 
invites applications for a probationary (tenuretrack) 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 2007, 
in Renaissance Drama. The completed PhD, or equivalent, and experience 
and promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications; 
published work is advantageous. For PhD candidates in the final stages of 
the thesis, supervisors must provide written confirmation of the completion 
date for applications to be considered. Position is subject to budget 
approval. Applicants should have f luent written and oral communication 
skills in English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The 
University of Western Ontario is committed to employment equity and 
welcomes applications from all qualified women and men, including visible 
minorities, aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. 

Send letter of application with curriculum vitae and copies of transcripts, 
a writing sample, and three letters of reference to: Dr. J. Douglas Kneale, 
Professor and Chair, Department of English, The University of Western 
Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7. Applications must be received 
by 1 November 2006. [R] 

York U 

English, 4700 Keele St Toronto ON M3J 1P3 Canada 

Modern and Contemporary Drama 815 

http://www.
arts.yorku.ca/english 


Applications are invited for a tenure-track appointment in the Department 
of English, Faculty of Arts at York University. The position offered 
is in Modern and Contemporary Drama with a focus on Canadian and/or 
American Drama, at the level of Assistant Professor. 

Qualifications include a PhD or equivalent with specialization in Drama, 
and demonstrable excellence in both teaching and research. It is expected 
that the successful candidate will participate in our roster of large-lecture 
introductory courses, teach upper-year courses in her/his 
field of specialization, 
and, either immediately or very soon, contribute to the graduate 
program. 

York University is located in Toronto which is, according to a recent 
United Nations survey, the most multicultural city in the world. The 
University is distinguished by its commitment to serving a culturally diverse 
student body in both traditional fields and in innovative interdisciplinary 
programs. 

The appointment to begin July 1, 2007 is subject to budgetary approval 
by the University. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 

York University is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
The Affirmative Action 
Program can be found on Yorks website at http://www.
yorku.ca/ 
acadjobs 
or a copy can be obtained by calling the affirmative action office 
at 416.736.5713. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. 

A letter of application, Curriculum Vitae, and a sample of the applicant’s 
written work (no longer than 25pp.) should be sent to: 

Professor Julia Creet, Chair, Department of English, York University, 
4700 Keele Street,, Toronto, Ontario M3J 1P3 Canada 

(email: englchr@yorku.ca phone: 416 736-5166 fax: 416 736-5412) 

Note: email applications will not be accepted. 

Candidates should arrange for letters of recommendation from three referees 
to be sent directly to the above address. 

Deadline for receipt of applications: November 8, 2006 [R] 

York U 

English, 4700 Keele St Toronto ON M3J 1P3 Canada 

Renaissance 817 

http://www.
arts.yorku.ca/english 


Applications are invited for a tenure-track appointment in the Department 
of English, Faculty of Arts at York University. The position offered 
is for a Renaissance period specialist at the level of Assistant Professor with 
the ability to teach a variety of courses in the period, broadly conceived, 
including Shakespeare. Possible secondary interests may include history of 
the book, non-dramatic poetry, prose or Restoration Drama 

Qualifications include a PhD or equivalent in English Literature with a 
specialization in Renaissance literature, and demonstrable excellence in 
both teaching and research. It is expected that the successful candidate 
will participate in our roster of large-lecture introductory courses, teach 
upper-year courses in her/his 
field of specialization, and, either immediately 
or very soon, contribute to the graduate program. 

York University is located in Toronto which is, according to a recent 
United Nations survey, the most multicultural city in the world. The 
University is distinguished by its commitment to serving a culturally diverse 
student body in both traditional fields and in innovative interdisciplinary 
programs. 

The appointment to begin July 1, 2007 is subject to budgetary approval 
by the University. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 

York University is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
The Affirmative Action 
Program can be found on Yorks website at http://www.
yorku.ca/ 
acadjobs 
or a copy can be obtained by calling the affirmative action office 
at 416.736.5713. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. 

A letter of application, Curriculum Vitae, and a sample of the applicant’s 
written work (no longer than 25pp.) should be sent to: 

Professor Julia Creet, Chair, Department of English, York University, 
4700 Keele Street, Toronto, Ontario M3J 1P3 Canada 

(email: englchr@yorku.ca phone: 416 736-5166 fax: 416 736-5412) 

Note: email applications will not be accepted. 

Candidates should arrange for letters of recommendation from three referees 
to be sent directly to the above address. 

Deadline for receipt of applications: November 8, 2006 [R] 

York U 

English, 4700 Keele St Toronto ON M3J 1P3 Canada 

Rhetoric and Professional Writing 816 

http://www.
arts.yorku.ca/english 


Applications are invited for a tenure-track appointment in the Department 
of English, Faculty of Arts at York University. The position offered 
is at the Assistant Professor level in the English Department and Professional 
Writing Program. Field of specialization is open, but applicants 
should have the ability to teach in one or more areas of rhetoric and/ 
or 
writing, including some mixture of writing and historical or theoretical 
courses at graduate and undergraduate levels. Qualifications include a 
PhD or equivalent terminal degree in English or a related field (Rhetoric, 
Communications, Journalism, Creative Writing). 

York University is located in Toronto which is, according to a recent 
United Nations survey, the most multicultural city in the world. The 
University is distinguished by its commitment to serving a culturally diverse 
student body in both traditional fields and in innovative interdisciplinary 
programs. 

The appointment to begin July 1, 2007 is subject to budgetary approval 
by the University. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 

York University is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
The Affirmative Action 
Program can be found on Yorks website at http://www.
yorku.ca/ 



acadjobs 
or a copy can be obtained by calling the affirmative action office 
at 416.736.5713. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. 

A letter of application, Curriculum Vitae, and a sample of the applicant’s 
written work (no longer than 25pp.) should be sent to: 

Professor Julia Creet, Chair, Department of English, York University, 
4700 Keele Street, Toronto, Ontario M3J 1P3 Canada 

(email: englchr@yorku.ca phone: 416 736-5166 fax: 416 736-5412) 

Note: email applications will not be accepted. 

Candidates should arrange for letters of recommendation from three referees 
to be sent directly to the above address. 

Deadline for receipt of applications: November 8, 2006 [R] 

Department Cha irs and
Other Administration 

Antelope Valley C 

Lang Arts, 3041 W Av K Lancaster CA 93536 

Dean of Language Arts 223 

http://www.
avc.edu 

Basic Function: 

Under the supervision of the Vice President of Academic Affairs, the dean 
will provide leadership to and support for the Language Arts division. In 
addition to program development and course support, the dean is responsible 
for the day-to-day supervision of division personnel, programs, expenditures, 
and facilities, as well as serving as the division’s advocate to 
the administration and board of trustees. 

Minimum Qualifications: 

Master’s degree from a regionally accredited college or university 

One year of formal training, internship, or leadership experience reasonably 
related to the administrators administrative assignment. (Title V, 
section 
53420. Minimum Qualifications for Educational Administrators.) 

Sensitivity to and understanding of, the diverse academic, socioeconomic, 
cultural, disability and ethnic backgrounds of community college 
students 


Desirable Qualifications: 

Masters degree in an academic subject area directly related to Language 

Arts (Doctorate preferred) 

Three years full time, postsecondary teaching experience in a language 
arts discipline (preferably at a community college) 

Demonstrated commitment to high academic standards and academic 
freedom 

Experience with and commitment to a shared governance culture, consensus 
building, and a team approach to management 

Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing 

Evidence of effective planning in the management, supervision, and evaluation 
of the work of others 

Evidence of a commitment to teaching/learning 
and the vision of a learning-
centered institution and community 

An understanding of how technology can support learning and a record 
of support for technological advancements 

Knowledge of varied assessment instruments 

Grant writing experience and/or 
program development experience 

Baruch C, CUNY 

English, 1 Bernard Baruch Way New York NY 10010 

Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs 680 

http://www.
baruch.cuny.edu/ 

Baruch College is seeking a distinguished and dynamic scholar/leader 
for 
the position of Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs. 
Reporting to the President, the Provost carries the primary responsibility 
for all academic programs of the College and provides strategic direction 
as the College strives to achieve international prominence as an institution 
of business, public policy, and liberal arts dedicated to excellence and 
opportunity. 

Baruch College is one of the senior colleges in the City University of 
New York. It is comprised of three schools, has over 425 full-time faculty 
members and enrolls approximately 15,500 students. Baruch College has 
the most diverse student body in the United States. The Zicklin School 
of Business is the largest accredited business school in the nation with nationally 
ranked programs. The School of Public Affairs, also nationally 
ranked, is primarily a masters level program with over 600 students and 
is a leader in the education of New York City public administrators. The 
Weissman School of Arts and Sciences, with over 200 professors, has a 
distinguished faculty and masters programs in communications, mathematics 
and psychology. The College also has administrative responsibility 
for doctoral programs in business and psychology. 

The Provost is responsible for the innovation and integration of the academic 
activity of the three schools. S/he 
will promote a comprehensive 
academic vision, integrating academics into all major campus decisionmaking 
and activity, including facilities planning, resource allocation, 
fundraising, information technology, and services to students. The Provost 
is also responsible for the College’s award-winning Library, Continuing 
and Professional Studies, the Baruch Computing and Technology 
Center, Sponsored Programs and Research, the Office of Institutional 
Research, the Mishkin Art Gallery, the College’s Honors Program, our 
nationally-recognized learning center, the Bernard Schwartz Communication 
Center and special outreach programs for high school students. 

The successful candidate will have an earned doctorate and evidence of 
scholarly achievement at a senior level appropriate for the chief academic 
officer of the College. S/he 
will have at least ten years of progressively responsible 
experience in academic higher education; experience in a large 
public institution highly desirable. The successful candidate will have a 
demonstrated record of success in building academic programs, recruiting 
faculty, developing teaching and scholarship, fundraising and translating 
program goals into successful operating plans with realistic budgets and 
effective staff management, as well as a demonstrated commitment to diversity 
among faculty, staff, and students. The successful candidate will 
have the interpersonal and communication skills to serve as a strong and 
articulate advocate for the College and its many programs. 

Accepting resumes until the position is f illed. Please send resume and 
cover letter to: Nancy L. Cook, Senior Client Partner Gyres International, 
P.O. Box 439, Oxford, MD 21654 nancy.cook@gyresinternational 
.com, fax: 410-226-5026 

Baruch College is an AA/EO/
IRCA/ADA 
employer, 
and encourages applications 
from minorities and women 

Baylor U 

English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

Department Chair 427 

The Department of English at Baylor University invites applications for 
the position of Department Chair beginning in August 2007. This position 
carries the rank of either associate or full professor. Applicants should 
have an excellent record of scholarly achievement and administrative experience. 
Additional experience obtaining external funding is a plus. The 
successful candidate will be committed to excellence in both undergraduate 
and graduate teaching and strongly support Baylor’s Christian identity 
and mission. Area of research is open. 



Applicants should send a current curriculum vitae and a statement of interest 
outlining their administrative philosophy and goals for the department 
and should be available for an interview at the 2006 MLA Meeting 
in Philadelphia, December 27–29. Applicants should arrange to have at 
least three recent letters of reference sent directly to the search committee. 
For full consideration, applications must be received by December 1, 
2006. Review of applications will begin on November 3, 2006, and will 
continue until the position is filled or the search is terminated. 

Baylor has approximately 13,500 students. The department has 36 fulltime 
faculty members and offers three undergraduate degrees—the B. A. 
in English Literature, Professional Writing, or Linguistics; the M. A. in 
English; and the Ph.D. in English Literature or in Religion and Literature. 
The university provides generous benefits, including tuition remission for 
qualified family members. Please visit the Baylor web site at http://www 
.baylor.edu. 

Baylor is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a Research University 
with High Research Activity. It is a Baptist university affiliated with the 
Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, 
and persons with disabilities to apply. 

Send all materials to Professor Nancy Chinn; Director of Undergraduate 
Studies, Department of English; One Bear Place #97406; Waco, Texas 
76798-7406. E-mail: nancy_chinn@baylor.edu. [R] 

Bowling Green SU 

Canadian Studies Center, C of Arts & Sciences 220 Administration 
Bldg Bowling Green OH 43403 

Director, Canadian Studies Center 195 

http://www.
cba.bgsu.edu.cast.index.html 

The Canadian Studies Center of Bowling Green State University seeks a 
distinguished teacher and scholar of Canadian Studies to serve as director, 
starting July 1, 2007. This twelve month position is at the rank of 
Professor or senior Associate Professor. Doctorate required. The director 
provides academic, outreach, and financial leadership for one of the largest 
and most highly regarded Canadian Studies programs in the United 
States. Responsibilities also include: fund-raising, public presentations, 
interaction with the business community and political leaders, teaching 
and research. Applicants from all fields, especially those suitable with the 
Centers mission and with significant accomplishments in Canadian Studies 
are welcome to apply. Applications and nominations should be sent 
to: Connie Allison, Search Committee for Canadian Studies, College of 
Arts & Sciences, Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, Ohio 
43403-0263. A complete application includes a letter of application, resume, 
and contact points for four references who can comment on the 
candidates qualifications. Applications must be postmarked by November 
17, 2006. Bowling Green State University is an AA/EEO 
employer 
and encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans and individuals 
with disabilities. [R] 

California SU, Northridge 

Business Law, 18111 Nordhoff Street Northridge CA 91330 

Full-Time Lecturer & Director of Business Communications 161 

http://www.
csun.edu/blaw/ 


Direct and coordinate the Business Communications Program; develop 
curriculum in the area of business writing and communications to enhance 
student writing and communications skills; supervise and evaluate 
part-time faculty; engage in a systematic program of scholarship resulting 
in peer-reviewed publications. Applicants must have doctoral degree 
from an accredited institution in the Business Communications discipline 
or a related field with an active research program in the field of business 
writing and communications. Previous teaching experience in the field 
is highly desirable. Candidates must satisfy the Colleges expectation for 
professional and academic qualifications of all teaching faculty. 

Preference will be given those applications postmarked or received by 
October 1, 2006. Applicants should forward a current resume to Kurt M. 
Saunders, Chair, Department of Business Law, California State University, 
Northridge, 18111 Nordhoff St., Northridge, CA 91330-8375 

Columbia College Chicago 

The School of Liberal Arts and Sciences,-Chicago IL 60605 

Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences 280 

Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences 

Columbia College Chicago invites applications and nominations for the 
position of Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences. 

Columbia College Chicago is an undergraduate and graduate college of 
over 11,000 students in downtown Chicago whose principal commitment 
is to provide comprehensive educational opportunities in the arts, 
communications and public information, within a context of enlightened 
liberal education. The School of Liberal Arts and Sciences consists of the 
departments of English, ASL-English Interpretation, Liberal Education, 
Science and Mathematics, Early Childhood Education, as well as our 
First-Year Seminar: New Millennium Studies. The School offers graduate 
degree programs in Creative Writing-Poetry and in Educational Studies. 
The Dean of the Liberal Arts and Sciences reports to the Provost/Vice 
President for Academic Affairs. 

The Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences is an educational 
leader with a passion for academic excellence and education in the arts 
and media. The Dean is a leader with vision who: 

• works effectively with department chairs and faculty as an advocate for 
the Liberal Arts and Sciences 

• facilitates collegial relationships with faculty, staff and administrators 

• possesses the flexibility to work effectively with our diverse faculty, staff, 
and student population 

• encourages an academic climate that is responsive, focused, innovative, 
and entrepreneurial 

• has an active interest in fundraising 

Applicants must possess the following: a Ph.D. in one of the discipline 
areas taught within the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences and a strong 
record of scholarly or creative endeavor within the discipline; success in 
academic administration at the level of department chair or higher; evidence 
of effective teaching in higher education. 

We offer a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package. Columbia 
College Chicago encouragesqualified female, GLBT, disabled, and 
minority classified individuals to apply for all positions. Review of applications 
will begin in Fall 2006 and continue until the position is filled. 
Anticipated starting date is on or about June 1, 2007. Send cover letter addressing 
your qualifications, interest, philosophy of teaching and administrative 
practice, and curriculum vitae to: 

Richard D. Sbarbaro, William J. Yacullo, Lauer, Sbarbaro Associates, 
EMA Partners International, 2 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 100, 
Westchester, IL 60154 

708-531-0100 

708-947-9075 fax 

sbarbs@aol.com [R] 

Drexel U 

University Writing Program, Pennoni Honors College, 5016 
MacAlister Hall Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Director, University Writing Program 120 

Pennoni Honors College 

The University Writing Program administers discipline-based writing intensive 
courses. It trains peer tutors, then engages them with faculty to 
improve the writing of all Drexel students. Housed within the Pennoni 
Honors College, it thus has access to the University’s best students. With 
over 200 designated Writing Intensive classes, many employing peer tu



tors for writing support, the Drexel University Writing Program facilitates 
the conversation and community that unites writers of all disciplines. 
The Writing Program sponsors seminars, forums, author appearances, 
a recognition in Creative Writing, and participates in local and national 
conferences. 

The Assistant Director will oversee assessment of Writing Intensive classes 
and of the Program generally, while also aiding the Director in administering 
and developing the Program. Through sophisticated assessment, 
we will continually improve integration of coursework with writing and 
aim at establishing a national model for writing instruction, particularly 
in technical fields. Applicants should have a thorough working knowledge 
of several of the following areas: assessing the effectiveness of writing and 
writing programs, some writing center experience, teaching experience, 
thorough knowledge of technical writing particularly as it applies to engineering 
education, peer-tutoring practices, and experience analyzing data 
related to student writing. MA, MFA, or Ph.D. in relevant fields desirable. 
Salary is competitive. 

Drexel University is a leading research and teaching institution located 
in Philadelphia’s historic University City. With the addition of a College 
of Law in 2006, Drexel joins the ranks of major comprehensive research 
universities. Please send letter of application, c.v., & current references 
to: Harriet Levin Millan, Director, Writing Program, Drexel University, 
Pennoni Honors College, 5th floor MacAlister Hall, 32rd and Chestnut 
Streets, Philadelphia, PA 19104. For more information, www.drexeljobs 
.com 

Duquesne U 

English, 600 Forbes Av 637 College Hall Pittsburgh PA 15282 

Director, University Writing Center and Assistant Professor of English 701 

http://www.
english.duq.edu 

Duquesne University seeks a full-time Director of the University Writing 
Center. The faculty position will be housed in the Department of English 
at the rank of Assistant Professor and appointed for a renewable term of 
5 years, subject to yearly performance reviews; renewal beyond 5 years 
anticipated, although contingent upon review of University needs. A 
PhD in Composition and Rhetoric or in English, with substantial writing 
center experience, is required. Ability to understand and provide support 
for a range of disciplinary writing practices and to work across schools 
within the University necessary. Teaching load is 2 courses per year in the 
University Core and English Department. Administrative responsibilities 
include: supervising day-to-day functions of the Center; training of undergraduate 
and graduate tutors; developing faculty support and training 
in writing across disciplines; advancing on-line tutoring support for programs; 
developing the Writing Center’s outreach to all schools of the University 
and visibility to students. Moreover, the Director will be involved 
in the University’s implementation of a new University Core Curriculum 
and will help oversee the writing intensive courses across the University. 
The Director will work collaboratively with administrators of all schools, 
the Center for Teaching Excellence, and the Director of the University 
Core Curriculum, including involvement in the implementation of a new 
University Core Curriculum, beginning in 2007, and supervision of writing 
intensive courses across the University. 

To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names and 
addresses of at least three profession references to: Office of Human Resources, 
ATTN: Writing Director Search, Duquesne University, 600 
Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15282. Applications should be postmarked 
no later than October 20, 2006. Interviews will take place at the MLA 
convention. 

Applicants must be willing to contribute actively to the mission and to respect 
the Spiritan Catholic identity of Duquesne University. The mission 
is implemented through a commitment to academic excellence, a spirit of 
service, moral and spiritual values, sensitivity to world concerns, and an 
ecumenical campus community. 

Duquesne University was founded in 1878 by its sponsoring religious 
community, the Congregation of the Holy Spirit. Duquesne University 
is Catholic in mission and ecumenical in spirit. Motivated by its Catholic 
identity, Duquesne values equality of opportunity both as an educational 
institution and as an employer. 
[R] 

Emporia SU 

English, 1200 Commercial St, CB 4019 Emporia KS 66801 

English Department Chair 350 

http://www.
emporia.edu 

Emporia State University invites applications for the twelve-month position 
of Chair of English, at the rank of associate or full professor, effective 
August 1, 2007. The department of 15 full-time faculty offers the B.A., 
B.S.E., and M.A. in English and minors in English, creative writing, and 
journalism. Candidates should have an earned doctorate, a distinguished 
record of teaching and scholarship, appropriate administrative experience, 
and effective communication skills. Candidates need to be advocates for 
the discipline, be knowledgeable about recent developments in the profession, 
possess strong leadership skills, and be able to work effectively with 
various constituencies throughout the university and the community. 
Academic specialization open, although applicants with a background 
in rhetoric, composition, or American literature are especially welcome. 
Screening will begin December 10 and continue until the position is 
filled. Candidates should send a letter of intent addressing qualifications 
for the position, academic philosophy, and leadership style; a resume; and 
a list of names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three current professional 
references to Jim Hoy, Chair, Search Committee, Campus Box 
4019, Emporia State University, Emporia, KS 66801-5087. An AA/EOE 
institution, Emporia State University encourages minorities and women 
to apply. Paid for by ESU. www.emporia.edu [R] 

Georgetown U 

English, 306 New North Box 571131 Washington DC 20057 

Associate Professor/Writing 
Program Director 54 

http://english.
georgetown.edu/ 

Writing Program Director 

Georgetown University invites applications and nominations for a Director 
of its Writing Program who will hold the rank of Associate Professor 
with tenure in the field of Writing Theory, Practice and Pedagogy, in the 
English Department, starting August 1, 2007. The Director will serve as 
the administrative head and intellectual leader of the program. S/he 
should 
be substantively grounded in current scholarship on the intellectual, cultural, 
and pedagogical dimensions of writing. The candidate should have 
a vision for the future of writing as a strong component of a university 
education, including the role of new media technologies to shape writing 
practices. The Director will need to prioritize resources, maintain budget 
oversight, facilitate faculty development projects and continue to devise 
innovative programs that enhance student writing in a variety of learning 
environments. Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills are necessary 
to interact effectively with other university leaders. The Director will 
teach graduate and undergraduate courses with a reduced teaching load. A 
Ph.D. in literature, composition studies, rhetoric, writing pedagogy or related 
fields, an active research agenda, a substantial record of publication, 
and significant experience in administration are required. 

Georgetown University is an AA/EO 
employer 
and strongly encourages 
applications from women and minority candidates as part of its commitment 
to professional excellence and diversity. Please send application 
letter and c.v. to Chair of the Hiring Committee, English Department, 
Georgetown University, Box 571131, Washington, D.C. 20057. Applications 
postmarked by Oct. 16 will receive first consideration. [R] 



Georgia Inst of Tech 

Lit, Communication, & Culture, 686 Cherry St, 336 Skiles Bldg 
Atlanta GA 30332 

Director: Communication Program 261 

http://www.
lcc.gatech.edu 

The School of Literature, Communication, and Culture at Georgia Tech 
invites applications for Director of the Communication Program (tenure/ 
tenure 
track) to begin either August 2006 or January 2007. Responsibilities 
include: administration and curriculum development for 75 sections 
per semester freshman composition program (with an emphasis on 
cultural studies) and a 15-section per semester upper division technical 
communication course; training and mentoring of 30 full-time teaching 
Fellows; coordination of writing requirements in classes for majors; and 
continuing development of the programs electronic pedagogy component. 
The position includes an evolving leadership role in campus-wide 
writing initiatives including the creation of a campus writing center. 

Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition or similar field required. The ideal 
candidate will have program leadership experience, substantial experience 
in electronic pedagogy, and a research record appropriate to an appointment 
as an Associate Professor. 

1–1 teaching load, salary competitive, 10-or 11-month appointment possible. 
Teaching responsibilities include freshman composition or technical 
communication courses as well as courses in electronic pedagogy to support 
the Schools B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. programs in digital media. Additional 
information on LCC is available at http://lcc.
gatech.edu/while 
information on the Communication program is available at http://www 
.lcc.gatech.edu/communications.
htm 

The Search Committee will begin review of applications on April 1 and 
continue until the position is filled. CV and letter to Jocelyn Thomas, Assistant 
to the Chair, School of Literature, Communication, and Culture, 
Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332-0165. The Georgia 
Institute of Technology is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
LCC is especially interested in considering applications from 
women and minority candidates [R] 

Mount Holyoke C 

Speaking, Arguing and Writing Center, Porter Hall, 50 College Street 
South Hadley MA 01075 

Coordinator, Speaking, Arguing and Writing Center 674 

http://www.
mtholyoke.edu/go/
wcl 

Mount Holyoke College invites applications for the position of Coordinator 
of the Speaking, Arguing, and Writing program [SAW]. Part of the 
Weissman Center for Leadership and the Liberal Arts, SAW supports and 
enhances the colleges mission of developing eloquent, decisive, and informed 
leaders. 

The Coordinator administers the speaking and writing program, coordinates 
faculty and student mentor assignments, supervises and trains student 
assistants and mentors, develops workshops for students and faculty, 
and works closely on writing and speaking initiatives with departments 
and interdepartmental programs. The Coordinator also provides constructive 
support to the First Year Seminar program. Additional teaching 
responsibilities depend on the coordinator’s education, research interests, 
and professional accomplishments. 

Applicants should have experience with college writing programs, be 
conversant with current thinking about teaching writing and speaking, 
and have significant teaching experience. Candidates should be committed 
to addressing the opportunities and issues that arise in writing across 
the disciplines. Experience with ESOL pedagogy is desirable. Candidates 
should be skilful administrators with excellent interpersonal skills and be 
committed to working closely with faculty, students, and staff on program 
development and outreach. 

Candidates should have the terminal degree appropriate to their field. Initial 
appointment will be for three years. The terms of appointment will 
depend in part upon the qualifications, experience and professional accomplishments 
of the successful candidate; in some circumstances they 
may include affiliation with an appropriate academic department. The 
Coordinator will report to the Director of theWeissman Center. 

Mount Holyoke is an undergraduate liberal arts college for women with 
2,000 students and 200 faculty. Half of the college faculty are women; 
one-fifth are persons of color. It is located about 

80 miles west of Boston in the Connecticut River Valley, and is a member 
of the Five College Consortium consisting of Amherst, Hampshire, 
Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University of Massachusetts. 
Mount Holyoke is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and persons of color are especially encouraged to 
apply. 

Applicants should forward three copies of the following items to Dr. Lois 
Brown, Director, Weissman Center for Leadership and the Liberal Arts, 
Mount Holyoke College, 50 College Street, South Hadley, MA 01075: 
cover letter, curriculum vitae, and writing sample. Letters of reference 
may be included in the application packet or sent under separate cover. 
Review of applications will begin on October 15, 2006 and continue 
until the position is filled. [R] 

Point Park U 

Humanities & Human Sciences, 201 Wood St Pittsburgh PA 15222 

Chair, Department of Humanities and Human Sciences 279 

http://www.
pointpark.edu 

The Position: The Department of Humanities and Human Sciences 
(which includes majors in English, Psychology, History, Political Science, 
and Global Cultural Studies) is seeking a Chair. The Chair oversees a diversified 
program with 13 full-time faculty and some 70 adjuncts. S/He 
reports to the Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences. The Humanities 
and Human Sciences Department is responsible for the majority of 
the core curriculum courses required of all undergraduate students. The 
successful candidate must have an earned Ph.D. in English with focus on 
American literature and cultural studies as well as a strong interest in critical 
theory. A successful teaching record and administrative experience are 
also “de rigueur.” The position is full-time, tenure-track. 

Application Procedure: A letter of application and resume with the names, 
addresses, and telephone numbers of three references should be sent to Dr. 
Alexandra Gregory, Interim Vice President for Academic Affairs, Point 
Park University, 201 Wood Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15222. Electronic 
submission of materials is preferred and should be sent to jryan@pointpark.
edu. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. Salary is commensurate with credentials and 
experience. 


Pratt Inst 

English & Humanities, 200 Willoughby Av, 322 DeKalb Hall 
Brooklyn NY 11205 

Chair of English and Humanities 207 

The chair oversees the curriculum, faculty, and day-to-day operations of 
the Department of English and Humanities, which offers an imaginative 
freshman English sequence geared to a creative student body, a range of 
courses in literature (primarily English and American), and courses in creative 
writing, communications, performance, music, foreign languages, 
and other fields of the humanities. The chair will provide leadership for 
the departments role in the Critical and Visual Studies program and for 
new departmental initiatives, including new degree programs at the bachelors 
and masters level. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in literature, with interests in such areas as critical 
theory, media/cinema 
studies, creative writing, cultural studies, and visual 
studies; considerable teaching experience; and a record of scholarly 
accomplishment. Strong administrative skills are essential, with prior administrative 
experience preferred. 



Send applications (hard copy only, please, of a cover letter, c.v., and list 
of references) and nominations to English Chair Search, Liberal Arts and 
Sciences Deans Off ice, Pratt Institute, 200 Willoughby Ave., Brooklyn, 
NY 11205. First interview will be conducted at the MLA Convention 
in December. Deadline is October 30, 2006; position begins July 1, 
2007. [R] 

Rochester Inst of Tech 

English, 92 Lomb Memorial Dr Rochester NY 14623 

English Department Chair 671 

http://www.
rit.edu/%7Elanglit/ 

The Department of English in the College of Liberal Arts at the Rochester 
Institute of Technology seeks applicants to lead a growing department 
in a distinguished technological university. We offer core and advanced 
courses, minors, concentrations, and electives to some 15,000 highly 
qualified and talented students. The Department is currently developing a 
writing degree program with a specialization in science writing. Successful 
candidates should demonstrate leadership in advancing writing in the 
disciplines, and in developing literary, cultural, media, and global studies. 
Academic field is open: applicants may have research and teaching interests 
in literary and cultural studies or in rhetoric and composition. Candidates 
will be considered at the Professor or Associate Professor level. 
Ph.D. and faculty administrative experience, a strong record of scholarship, 
teaching, mentoring, and curricular development are required. This 
is an exceptional opportunity for someone interested in cross disciplinary 
relationships between a Department of English and departments of science, 
media arts, printing, and computer technologies and who is committed 
to a leadership style of shared authority. 

The University places a high priority on the creation of an environment 
supportive of the promotion of ethnic minorities, women, and persons 
with disabilities. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Deadline: November 13, 2006. Send letter, curriculum vitae, 
and dossier to Dr. Janet Zandy, Department of English, College of Liberal 
Arts, Rochester Institute of Technology, 92 Lomb Memorial Drive, 
Rochester, NY 14623-5604. [R] 

SU of New York 

Asian Studies Program, 810 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Director, Asian Studies Program 756 

http://www.
asianstudies.buffalo.edu/ 

The College of Arts and Sciences at the University at Buffalo, the State 
University of New York, seeks an associate or full professor with a record 
of outstanding scholarly achievement and administrative experience in an 
Asian Studies Program at a major research university to serve as Director 
of a growing Asian Studies Program. Minimum requirements include: a 
Ph.D. (discipline open); a strong record of Asia-focused research, publication, 
and teaching; administrative experience, including demonstrated 
ability to raise external funds. The successful candidate will have a reduced 
teaching load (one course per semester) while serving as Director. 
S/he 
will enrich Asian and Asian American Studies by coordinating the 
activities of some twenty existing faculty. S/he 
will seek outside support 
for additional offerings in the humanities and social sciences and for expansion 
of an Asian-script library collection. The University at Buffalo 
is an equal opportunity employer/recruiter. 
Application deadline: October 
15th or until filled. Send CV & letter of application plus three letters 
of recommendation to Roger V. Des Forges, Chair, Asian Studies Search 
Committee at the address listed. 

SUNY of New York 

Media Study, 231 Ctr for the Arts Buffalo NY 14260 

Chair, Department of Media Study, University at Buffalo, SUNY 342 

http://mediastudy.
buffalo.edu/ 

The Department of Media Study of the University at Buffalo (SUNY) 
invites applications for the position of Department Chair at the rank of 
Associate/Full 
Professor. We are looking for an outstanding artist/scholar 
with a distinguished record of research, exhibition and publication. Field 
of specialization is open. Credentials will be reviewed starting November 
7, 2006, but applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
Salary will be commensurate with qualifications. Start date: Fall semester, 
2007. Applicants should send a letter of application, a vita, and the names 
of referees to Chair, Search Committee, Department of Media Study, 231 
Center for the Arts, The University at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY 14260 or submit 
their application to naking@buffalo.edu with Chairsearch in the subject 
field. The University at Buffalo is an Equal Opportunity Employer/ 
Recruiter. 
http://mediastudy.
buffalo.edu/ [R] 

Savannah SU 

Humanities, PO Box 20029 Savannah GA 31404 

Department Chair of Liberal Arts 324 

http://www.
savstate.edu 

Administers department and facilitates/coordinates 
the work of faculty. 
Implements university policies and procedures; develops and administers 
departmental budget, facilitates program development, student recruitment 
and retention; and serves as department representative to the college, 
university, the profession and community. Teaches at least one to 
two undergraduate courses per semester. [R] 

Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Department Head 1048 

http://www.
selu.edu/hro 


Applications are invited for Department Head of English at the professor/ 
associate 
rank, beginning July 1, 2007. Twelve-month contract, competitive 
salary, teaching load typically 6 hrs fall and spring, 3 hrs summer. A 
member of the University of Louisiana system, Southeastern is a growing 
public university (enrollment 15,000 +) situated in Hammond, near New 
Orleans and Baton Rouges in a culturally diverse region. 

Departmental faculty teach a wide array of courses in literary studies as 
well as creative writing, rhetoric and composition, linguistics, and professional 
writing for students pursuing B.A. degrees in English, Liberal Arts 
Studies, and English Education. Graduate courses in literature, creative 
writing, literacy, linguistics, and professional writing are offered for students 
pursuing the M.A. in English and/or 
Teaching. 

An applicant should have a Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature, a 
strong record of teaching and scholarship and/or 
creative work, and evidence 
of administrative and personal skills for effective leadership in the 
collegial environment of a department of 60+ full-time faculty. Demonstrated 
abilities in budget and personnel evaluation are preferred. A successful 
candidate must be an articulate advocate, in multiple contests, for 
humanistic learning, capable of working collaboratively with the department 
to develop curricula for a diverse student body and with a teacher 
education program shared with the College of Education and Human 
Development. 


Please send letter of application, resume, copies of official transcripts of all 
colleges and university attended, and three current letters of recommendation 
written for the position stated to Chair, Department Head Search, 
Department of English, SLU 10861, Hammond, LA 70402. To ensure 
consideration, application materials must be received by November 15, 
2006. For information call 985-549-2100 or e-mail mmiller@selu.ed 
Southeastern is an AA/ADA/
EEO employer. 
[R] 



Texas A&M U-Commerce 

Lit & Langs, PO Box 3011 Commerce TX 75429 

Head, Department of Literature and Languages 789 

http://www.
tamu-commerce.edu 

Associate or Full Professor to begin August 2007 or earlier to direct an 
innovative department of approximately 20 English, Spanish, French, 
and Philosophy faculty. Programs include undergraduate and masters degrees 
in English and Spanish and the PhD in English, as well as minors in 
French and Philosophy. The department head has leadership and management 
responsibilities for academic programs, for faculty development and 
evaluation, and for student matters. Doctorate in English, Linguistics, or 
Modern Languages is required, as are administrative and teaching experience 
in higher education and evidence of significant scholarship. Review 
of dossiers begins October 15, 2006, and position is open until filled. We 
will interview at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. Please send letter 
of application, vita, 5 references, and transcripts to Head Search Committee, 
Dept. of Literature and Languages, Texas A&M-Commerce, Commerce, 
Texas 75429. EEO/AA 
Employer. 


http://www.
tamu-commerce.edu/litlang/ 
[R] 

U of Alabama at Birmingham 

English, 900 S 13th St, 217 Hum Bldg Birmingham AL 35294 

Department Chair 518 

http://www.
uab.edu/english 


English Chair: The Department of English at the University of Alabama 
at Birmingham (UAB) invites nominations and applications for the position 
of Chair. The successful candidate will be appointed at senior rank 
(Professor or advanced Associate Professor) with tenure; field of specialization 
is open. We seek a productive scholar and excellent teacher with 
proven administrative experience. Our 40-member department offers 
B.A. and M.A. degrees within a nationally ranked teaching and research 
urban university of 16,000 students. Undergraduate concentrations are 
available in creative writing, professional writing and public discourse, 
and linguistics, with minors in writing, creative writing, and linguistics; 
graduate concentrations are available in literature, creative writing, and 
rhetoric and composition. All concentrations include courses in American 
and British/Irish 
literature. The freshman composition program is an 
integral part of the Universitys Quality Enhancement Plan. Located in a 
population center of one million people and having a Carnegie Classification 
of RU/VH: 
Research Universities, UAB is an EO/AA 
employer 
and actively seeks applications from women and minority candidates. 
Applications will be reviewed as received. Although the position will remain 
open until filled, applicants who submit materials before November 
1 will receive fullest consideration. Send letter and c.v. to Department 
Chair Search Committee, Department of English, HB 217, University of 
Alabama at Birmingham, 1530 3rd Ave S., Birmingham, AL 35294-1260. 
Applicants will be sent material indicating more fully the character of the 
department and the needs of the position. Please see our website at www 
.uab.edu/english. 
[R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Director of Womens Studies, (Associate or full Professor), Womens 
Studies Program 717 

http://www.
sp.uconn.edu/~womstu4/home.
html 

The Womens Studies Program at the University of Connecticut invites 
applications for the position of Director, effective August 2007. The 
Womens Studies Program, established in 1974, is an interdisciplinary 
academic program situated within the Office of the Vice Provost of Multicultural 
& International Affairs. The program offers 60 courses per year 
and grants a B.A., an undergraduate minor, and a graduate certificate. 

The successful candidate will hold a Ph.D. and have a distinguished record 
of feminist scholarship and teaching as well as experience in administration, 
especially in Womens Studies or other interdisciplinary programs. 
The appointment is for an Associate or full Professor in humanities, social 
sciences, or related field. The tenure home of the Director will be in the 
academic department to which her or his doctorate corresponds. The candidate 
should share the programs commitment to interdisciplinary studies 
as well as demonstrated experience and success in working with diverse 
populations. 

The Director will be responsible for the management and development 
of all phases of the Program, including supervising faculty and staff; administering 
and developing the programs curricula and courses; overseeing 
the budget, public programming, public relations, and other program 
activities; coordinating with other interdisciplinary programs, institutes, 
centers, and departments; teaching one undergraduate or graduate course 
per semester; maintaining scholarly research; advising graduate students; 
representing the program at university functions; and fulfilling faculty 
service responsibilities. In addition, the Director will work with the faculty 
and advisory board to enhance the national reputation of Womens 
Studies at UConn. The Director will serve for a minimum of five years. 

Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
The appointment is for ten months per year. 

Interested candidates should send a letter of application, a curriculum 
vitae, a statement of background and interest, two articles or recent examples 
of scholarship, and three letters of recommendation to: Professor 
Nancy A. Naples, Chair of Search Committee, Womens Studies Program, 
University of Connecticut, 354 Mansfield Road Unit 2181, Storrs, 
CT 06269-2181. Application review will begin in October but applications 
will be accepted until a suitable applicant is hired. 

For further information: Womens Studies Program Office Phone: (860) 
486-3970; E-mail: wsinfo@uconn.edu; http://www.
womens.studies. 
uconn.edu. (Search # 07A021) [R] 

U of Oregon 

Center for the Study of Women in Society, 1201 University of Oregon 
Eugene OR 97403 

Director/Ctr. 
for the Study of Women in Society/prof. 
Sociology 144 

http://csws@
uoregon.edu 

Position: Director of the Center for the Study of Women in Society 
(CSWS) and tenured associate or full professor in the Department of Sociology, 
posting #6154 

Qualifications: Ph.D.; excellence in research and teaching on women in 
society; breadth of gender scholarship and theory; commitment to interdisciplinary 
concerns; administrative experience; record securing support 
for research and/or 
programs; sociological orientation regardless of discipline. 


Application includes: letter describing relevant research, teaching, administrative, 
and funding experience; curriculum vitae; evidence of teaching 
excellence; names of three references. 

Send materials to: CSWS/Sociology 
Search Committee, 1201 University 
of Oregon, Eugene OR 97403-1201. 

Review begins October 2, 2006. Search open until successful candidate 
chosen. The successful candidate will have ability to work effectively with 
faculty, staff and students from diverse backgrounds. The University of 
Oregon is an equal opportunity, affirmative-action institution committed 
to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. 

Complete position description: http://jobs.
uoregon.edu/unclassified/
1511/ 
csws-
director/ 

Questions 541-346-5015 or csws@uoregon.edu. [R] 



U of Wisconsin-Madison 

English Department, 600 N Park St, 7187 Helen C. White Hall 
Madison WI 53706 

Associate Director of English 100 Program 116 

http://www.
wisc.edu/english 


The English Department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison is 
searching for an associate director of its English 100 program. This is a 
career-track academic staff position that will be filled by an outstanding 
teacher and administrator. The Associate Director will work with the Director 
of English 100 to support the administration of that program and 
will work with members of the Composition/Rhetoric 
area to expand 
offerings in writing at the undergraduate level. The Associate Director 
will also design and teach courses in writing at the beginning, intermediate, 
and advanced levels. (The position will be half-time administrative 
and half-time teaching, though it is anticipated that the first year will be 
primarily administrative.) 

The successful candidate will have a minimum of two years experience 
teaching writing at the post-secondary level; demonstrated experience in 
writing program administration; a deep commitment to undergraduate 
writing; preparation to teach writing courses from the beginning to advanced 
levels and an interest in innovative approaches to writing curriculum 
(for example, writing with technology, ethnic or cultural rhetorics, 
biliteracy, or service learning); training or interest in conducting assessment 
of and research on writing programs; the ability to help train and 
motivate a diverse group of writing teachers; ability to work with various 
campus units; excellent oral and written communication skills; the personal, 
political, and interpersonal skills to work collaboratively with faculty, 
academic staff, teaching assistants, and undergraduate students; and 
strong leadership and administrative skills. 

English 100 is the English Department’s main contribution to the University’s 
first-year communications requirement. It is principally a TA-taught 
course, with between 45 and 50 sections offered each semester. 

Go to http://www.
ohr.wisc.edu/pvl/
pv_053785.html for a full description 
of the position. Please send a letter of application, a CV, and the 
names and contact information of at least three references by October 15, 
2006 to Michael Bernard-Donals, Chair, Department of English, Helen 
C. White Hall, 600 North Park Street, Madison, WI, 53706. 

Unless conf identiality is requested in writing, information regarding 
the names of applicants must be released upon request. Finalists cannot 
be guaranteed conf identiality. UW-Madison is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer. 
We promote excellence through diversity 
and encourage all qualified individuals to apply. [R] 

Comparative Literature 

Bryn Mawr C 

English, 101 N Merion Av Bryn Mawr PA 19010 

Assistant Professor of English 36 

http://www.
brynmawr.edu 

Tenure track position to begin Fall 2007 for an Assistant Professor of 
comparative American literatures of the twentieth century, with expertise 
in transnational and/or 
ethnic studies. The English Department seeks 
candidates whose scholarship is informed by both historical and theoretical 
methodologies, and those who are engaged in scholarly and curricular 
dialogue and innovation. 

English Department faculty teach at all levels of the undergraduate curriculum. 
Everyone teaches, at various times, the core course in our major, 
“Methods of Literary Study,” as well as courses in the multi disciplinary 
College Seminar Program for freshmen. 

Located in suburban Philadelphia, Bryn Mawr College is a highly selective 
liberal arts college for women who share an intense intellectual commitment, 
a self-directed and purposeful vision of their lives, and a desire 
to make meaningful contributions to the world. Bryn Mawr comprises an 
undergraduate college with 1,300 students, as well as coeducational graduate 
schools in some humanities, sciences, and social work. The College 
supports faculty excellence in teaching and research, and participates in 
consortial programs with the University of Pennsylvania and Haverford 
and Swarthmore Colleges. Bryn Mawr College is an equal-opportunity, 
affirmative action employer. 
Minority candidates and women are especially 
encouraged to apply. 

We will conduct interviews at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. 
Please send a letter of application with your CV, a writing sample, and at 
least three current letters of reference to Katherine Rowe, Chair, Department 
of English, Bryn Mawr College, 101 North Merion Avenue, Bryn 
Mawr, PA, 19010 2899. The search committee will read all complete applications 
received by November 1. Information received after that time 
may be considered. [R] 

California SU, Fresno 

Mod & Classical Langs & Lits, 2320 E San Ramon Av, M/S 
96 Fresno 
CA 93740 

Assistant Professor of Humanities 565 

http://www.
csufresno.edu/aps/
vacancy/sc1.
pdf 

The area of specialization for the successful candidate will be comparative 
literature with an emphasis on European and Latin culture and literature. 
Teaching duties will include undergraduate lower and upper division 
courses in European humanities from antiquity to the present, and elementary 
and advanced courses in Latin. The successful candidate will be 
expected to maintain a productive research agenda including publications, 
presentations and other professional activities. Other faculty responsibilities 
include student advising and engaging in service activities at all levels 
of the university. Specific assignments are dependent upon department 
needs, but within the probationary period the candidate assume the duties 
of coordinator of the Interdisciplinary Humanities Program. The successful 
candidate will be expected to work cooperatively with faculty and 
staff in the department, college and university. 

Qualifications: Academic Preparation: An earned doctorate (Ph.D.) in 
Comparative Literature, with emphases in European literature. Candidate’s 
transcript should indicate course work in Latin at the graduate 
level. 

Teaching or Other Professional Experience: Candidates are expected to 
demonstrate a commitment to or potential for teaching excellence and 
scholarly activity at the university level. Evidence of prior successful 
university teaching experience in undergraduate Humanities and Latin 
courses highly desirable. The successful candidate must have the ability 
to work effectively with faculty, staff and students from diverse ethnic, 
cultural, and socioeconomic backgrounds. 

Online application form available at http://www.
csufresno.edu/aps/
vacancy/
sc1.
pdf 

Applications: Refer to vacancy 07TAH038 and send correspondence, applications, 
3 letters of recommendation, transcripts and confidential papers 
to: Dr. Bruce Thornton, Chair, Search Committee, Department of 
Modern and Classical Languages and Literatures, California State University, 
Fresno, 2320 East SanRamon, M/S 
EE-96, Fresno, CA 93740- 
8030, (559) 278-2386, email:brucet@csufresno.edu 

Open Until Filled: To ensure consideration, applicants are encouraged to 
have all application materials on file by December 31, 2006. [R] 

Christopher Newport U 

English, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English (Comparative Literature: European Literatures) 
530 

http://www.
cnu.edu 

For the 2007–2008 academic year, the Department of English at Christopher 
Newport University seeks assistant professor (tenure-track) to teach 
courses in World Literature, innovative first-and second-year composition 



seminars in a newly invigorated writing program, and freshmen seminars 
as well as upper-level courses for a new general education curriculum. 
Successful candidates will hold doctorate in Comparative Literature, with 
expertise in European literatures (by May 2007), commitment to teaching 
freshman composition, and demonstrated potential for strong scholarship 
and publication. CNU, is a selective, state-supported liberal arts 
and sciences university of approximately 4,800 students. It is located on 
the Virginia Peninsula between historic Williamsburg and the resort city 
of Virginia Beach. The University is seeking outstanding teachers who 
will engage undergraduate students in creative and disciplined intellectual 
challenges. A commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and 
learning is a hallmark of CNU. Further information is available on the 
Universitys web site at www.cnu.edu. The Department of English offers 
the B.A. degree in English with specialized tracks in journalism, literature, 
writing, and language arts and the M.A.T. degree in language arts. 
To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and a statement of your philosophy of teaching to: Director 
of Equal Opportunity and Faculty Recruitment, Comparative/European 
Literatures Faculty Search, Search #8291, Christopher Newport University, 
1 University Place, Newport News, VA 23606. Review of applications 
begins November 1, 2006. Applications received after November 1, 
2006, will be accepted but considered only if needed. CNU, an EOE, is 
fully committed to Access and Opportunity. [R] 

East Tennessee SU 

English, Box 70, 588 Johnson City TN 37614 

Assistant Professor, Comparative Literature 193 

Position contingent upon funding. East Tennessee State University, located 
in the Appalachian Mountain region, invites applications for a tenure-
track assistant professorship in Comparative Literature, with emphasis 
on Latin American literature and Russian literature. Essential Functions: 
The twelve-hour teaching load includes graduate and undergraduate 
courses in the candidate’s f ield, freshman composition and sophomore 
literature. Other responsibilities include research, service and advising. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. required by May 2007 for August 2007 start date. 
Secondary expertise in African or continental literature a plus. Possible 
interviews at MLA. Send application, vita and three letters of recommendation 
by December 12, 2006 to Dr. Judith B. Slagle, Chair of English, 
Box 70683. AA/EOE. 


Indiana U 

Comp Lit, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 914 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Tenured or tenure-track appointment in Comparative Literature (rank open). 
495 

http://www.
iub.edu/~complit/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature at Indiana University, Bloomington, 
invites applications from comparatists whose area of specialization 
is Chinese, Japanese, or Korean literature. We are seeking candidates with 
training in more than one East Asian literature, or in an East Asian literature 
and at least one non-East Asian literature. We especially encourage 
applications from those with expertise in medieval literature or literature 
of the modern period (through the nineteenth-century). 
Training in literary 
theory and close reading is essential. Applicants should have native 
or near-native fluency in at least one East Asian language and English, as 
well as a record of excellence in scholarship and teaching, commensurate 
with rank. The PhD must be in hand at the time of appointment. 

Please send letter of application, vita, a brief writing sample, and three letters 
of recommendation (or a dossier) by November 1 to: 

Professor Sumie Jones, Search Committee Chair, Department of Comparative 
Literature, Ballantine Hall 914, Indiana University, 1020 E. 
Kirkwood, Bloomington, IN 47405. 

Applications received by November 1 will be guaranteed full consideration. 
Indiana University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Johns Hopkins U 

Hum Ctr, 3400 N Charles St, Humanities Ctr Baltimore MD 21218 

Junior or mid-career faculty 665 

http://humanitiescenter@
jhu.edu 

Comparative Literature: Johns Hopkins University. The Humanities 
Center of the Johns Hopkins University (an interdisciplinary department) 
seeks to make a junior (tenure-track) or mid-career appointment in Comparative 
Literature (broadly understood). We would be especially interested 
in candidates with a strong auxiliary interest in philosophy and/or 
theory. Qualified candidates should send a letter of application that includes 
a statement of research interests, a recent vita, and a list of references 
to Professor Ruth Leys, Humanities Center, The Johns Hopkins 
University, Baltimore, Maryland 21218. The deadline for applications is 
November 1, 2006. Johns Hopkins is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Ohio SU 

Comparative Studies, 1775 College Road Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor in Comparative Literature 53 

http://comparativestudies.
osu.edu 

The Ohio State University, Department of Comparative Studies, invites 
nominations and applications for a full-time, tenure-eligible position 
in comparative literature, preferably at the rank of assistant professor, 
beginning autumn 2007. Ph.D. in hand by August 2007. Research and 
teaching interests should complement those of existing faculty; focus on 
transnational or global cultural relations with strong non-western component 
preferred. Fluency in at least one language/literature 
other than 
English required; proficiency in at least one additional language/literature 
strongly desired. Comparative Studies is an interdisciplinary, tenuregranting 
department with 18 core faculty and more than 50 associated 
faculty. The department offers a Ph.D., an M.A., and a B.A. that includes 
concentrations in comparative cultural studies, comparative ethnic and 
American studies, comparative literature, folklore, religious studies, and 
science studies. Comparative Studies also administers a new interdepartmental 
major in world literatures. Further information is available at 
http://comparativestudies.
osu.edu. Please send letter of application, CV, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Julia Watson, Chair, Comparative 
Literature Search Committee, Department of Comparative Studies, 
The Ohio State University, 451 Hagerty Hall, 1775 College Road, Columbus, 
OH 43210-1340. Review of applications will begin on November 
15, 2006 and will continue until the position is filled. OSU is an AA/ 
EOE. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

Penn State U 

Comp Lit, 311 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 748 

http://complit.
la.psu.edu 

AFRICAN LITERATURE. Building on three decades of African literary 
studies at both the undergraduate and the graduate levels, the Department 
of Comparative Literature at Penn State invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in African literature. Field(s) 
of interest open but should complement our department’s global perspective. 
The ideal candidate will have a solid background in both anglophone 
and francophone or lusophone literatures of Africa, as well as 
a thorough knowledge of at least one African language. Preferred starting 
date August 2007. Ph.D. and relevant teaching experience required: 
Ph.D. in Comparative Literature preferred but Ph.D.’s in related fields 
also considered. Screening of applications will begin November 30, 2006; 
however, all applications will be considered until the position is filled. 



Send letter, c.v., and names of three references to Thomas A. Hale, Chair, 
Search Committee, Box M, Department of Comparative Literature, 311 
Burrowes Building, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park 
PA 16802-6203. Applications and nominations may be sent by email to 
cmlit@psu.edu or by Fax to (814) 863-8882. Visit our website at http:// 
complit.
la.psu.edu/. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal 
opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Penn State U 

Comp Lit, 311 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature & Jewish Studies 758 

http://www3.
la.psu.edu/jst/ 


Jewish Studies Program and Department of Comparative Literature. 
Modern Hebrew Literature. Penn State announces an assistant professor, 
tenure-track, position in modern Hebrew literature seen in its comparative 
and historical development from its revitalization in the 19th century 
to contemporary texts. Preferred start date Fall 2007. Position shared 
between the Department of Comparative Literature, where tenure will 
be located, and the Jewish Studies Program. While Penn State offers an 
Undergraduate Minor in Hebrew, in which this faculty member would 
participate, the responsibilities of the position are more broadly defined. 
They include: contribute to the instructional, research, and service missions 
of Jewish Studies; engage in the development of the Hebrew language 
curriculum; and participate in instruction, research, and service in 
the Comparative Literature graduate and undergraduate programs. Requirements: 
Ph.D. in Hebrew, Comparative Literature, Jewish Studies, 
or other relevant field; research specializations to include any aspect of 
modern Hebrew literature in its historical and comparative dimensions; 
relevant teaching experience; native or near-native command of Hebrew 
and English. Knowledge of one or more other literatures, such as Yiddish 
or Arabic, would also be welcome. Send letter of application, c.v., and the 
names and addresses of 3 references to Ms. Rhonda Decker, Box M, Jewish 
Studies Program, 108 Weaver Building, The Pennsylvania State University, 
University Park, PA 16802, USA. Applications may also be sent 
by e-mail to: rxd4@psu.edu or by fax to: (814) 863-7840. Screening of 
applications will begin November 15, 2006, though all applications will 
be considered until the position is filled. Penn State is committed to affirmative 
action, equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Princeton U 

Comp Lit, 133 East Pyne Princeton NJ 08544 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 457 

http://complit.
princeton.edu/index.
php/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature announces a tenure-track assistant 
professorship. Candidates should have strength in two languages in 
addition to English and special expertise in the literature or literature and 
film of Latin America. Please send letter of application, CV, dossier, and 
writing sample by November 15th to Professor Claudia Brodsky, Chair of 
the Search Committee, Department of Comparative Literature, 133 East 
Pyne, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544. Princeton is an EE/AA 
employer. 
For further information about applying to Princeton and how 
to self-identify, please see link to http://web.
princeton.edu/sites/
dof/ 
ApplicationsInfo.
htm. [R] 

Princeton U 

Comp Lit, 133 East Pyne Princeton NJ 08544 

Assistant Professor 460 

http://complit.
princeton.edu/index.
php/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature announces a tenure-track assistant 
professorship. Candidates should have strength in two languages 
in addition to English and special expertise in the literature, or literature 
and film, of Africa (specialization in at least one non-European African 
language is preferred). Please send letter of application, CV, dossier, and 
writing sample by November 15th to Professor Claudia Brodsky, Chair of 
the Search Committee, Department of Comparative Literature, 133 East 
Pyne, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544. Princeton is an EE/AA 
employer. 
For further information about applying to Princeton and how 
to self-identify, please see link to http://web.
princeton.edu/sites/
dof/ 
ApplicationsInfo.
htm. [R] 

SU of New York 

Comp Lit & Cultural Studies, Humanities Bldg 2048 Stony Brook 
NY 11794 

Assistant Professor 718 

http://www.
stonybrook.edu/cjo 


Stony Brook University’s Department of Comparative Literary and Cultural 
Studies is seeking an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) with specializations 
in Literary/Cultural 
Theory and Comparative Methodology to 
begin Fall 2007. Required: Ph.D. completed by September 2007. Fluency 
in at least one language besides English. Interest and training in either 
film studies or cultural studies desirable. Preliminary interviews at Philadelphia 
MLA. Please send letter of application, vita, and dossier by November 
10, 2006, to: Professor Sandy Petrey, Chair, Literary and Cultural 
Theory Search Committee, Department of Comparative Literary and 
Cultural Studies, 2048 Humanities Building, Stony Brook University, 
Stony Brook, NY 11794-5355. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer. 
Visit www.stonybrook.edu/cjo 
for employment information. 

SU of New York 

Comp Lit & Cultural Studies, Humanities Bldg 2048 Stony Brook 
NY 11794 

Assistant Professor 723 

http://www.
stonybrook.edu/cjo 


Stony Brook University’s Department of Comparative Literary and Cultural 
Studies is seeking an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) with specializations 
in Chinese Film, Culture, and Literature. Demonstrated 
commitment to contemporary critical theory and cultural studies and 
mastery of another non-English language is highly desirable. Required: 
Fluency in Mandarin Chinese. Ph.D. in hand by September 1, 2007. Preliminary 
interviews at Philadelphia MLA. Please send letter of application, 
vita, and dossier by November 10, 2006, to: Professor Krin Gabbard, 
Chair of the Chinese Film, Culture, and Literature Search Committee, 
Department of Comparative Literary and Cultural Studies, 2048 Humanities 
Building, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5355. 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Visit www.stonybrook 
.edu/cjo 
for employment information. 

SU of New York 

English JFT 714, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature and Chinese 383 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu/ 

PhD in Comparative, Chinese, or East Asian Literature (or ABD with 
degree conferral no later than 8/07). 
The successful candidate will teach 
undergraduate courses in world literature (especially in comparative myth 
and epic), Asian literature in translation, and one Chinese language course 
each semester. Appointment will be in the English Department with responsibilities 
to the interdisciplinary Asian Studies Program and to the 
Department of Foreign Languages. Native or near native prof iciency 
in Mandarin Chinese and full fluency in English are required. We seek 
candidates with a strong commitment to excellent teaching and serious 
scholarship. Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts (official transcripts 
are not required at this point), three letters of recommendation, writing 
sample (chapter or article), and one-page statement of teaching philosophy 
by October 1 to Nancy Johnson, Chair, Chinese and Comparative Literature 
Search, SUNY New Paltz, English Department, 600 Hawk Drive, 



New Paltz, NY, 12561-2440. Please refer to search # F06–07. AA/EOE/ 
ADA. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

Comp Lit, 320 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 1051 

The Department of Comparative Literature seeks a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor comparatist with expertise in Russian studies. Research in additional 
fields (including, but not limited to: literary history, cultural studies, 
film and media studies, feminist and queer theory and gender studies, 
critical theory) is desirable, along with ability to teach major works and 
periods of Russian literature, history, and culture. Teaching will be divided 
between Comparative Literature and the Program in Russian Studies. 
Ph.D. in hand by June, 2007, required. 

Comparative Literature is a vital and diverse unit on an intellectually 
thriving campus that hosts the Critical Theory Institute and the International 
Center for Writing and Translation. Letter, CV, and dossier by 
Nov. 6 to Professor Jane O. Newman, Department of Comparative Literature, 
320 Humanities Instructional Building, University of California, 
Irvine, CA 92697-2651. We will interview at MLA. UCI is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has 
an Advance Program for Faculty Equity and Diversity. 

Yale U 

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 New Haven CT 06520 

Teaching position 737 

http://yale.
edu 


The Department of Comparative Literature/Literature 
Major at Yale University 
invites applications for a one year, non-renewable teaching position 
in the Literature Major. We are looking for a comparatist able to work in 
two or more literatures and to teach a wide variety of courses. PhD. in 
hand a requirment. Yale University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
We encourage applications from women and minorities. 
Please send a dossier, c.v., and writing sample to David Quint, Chair, 
Comparative Literature Department, Yale University, P.O. Box 208299, 
451 College St., New Haven, CT 06520-8299 by November 15. [R] 

Linguistics and ESL 

American U 

Lang & For Studies, 4400 Mass Av NW Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 245 

http://www.
american.edu/tesol 


The TESOL Program in the Department of Language and Foreign 
Studies 
in the College of Arts and Sciences at American University invites 
applications for a tenure-line Assistant Professor position, beginning 
in Fall 2007. 

Responsibilities include teaching TESOL methodology, second-language 
acquisition, and methods for teaching English grammar. The candidate 
plays a lead role in supervising MA portfolios and conducting MA oral 
exams. The candidate advises students and oversees research projects, and 
participates in educational and outreach endeavors, including workshops, 
conferences, the summer institute, and recruitment. 

Qualifications include a PhD, evidence of scholarly accomplishments and 
potential, university-level teaching experience, and documented ability to 
work collaboratively with students. Send curriculum vitae, letter describing 
teaching and professional experience, a statement of research accomplishments 
and future directions, and three letters of recommendation to: 

TESOL Search Committee, Department of Language and Foreign Studies, 
Asbury 326, American University, Washington, DC 20016-8045 

All application materials should be received by October 31. American 
University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
University. Minority and women candidates are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 1018 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu 

Illinois State University seeks an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) in 
TESOL. For details of the position and application procedures, please see: 
http://www.
english.ilstu.edu/facultypositions.
htm. 

Please address inquiries to Tim Hunt, Chair, Department of English 
(tahunt@
ilstu.edu). 

Illinois State University is an AA/EEO 
Institution and Employer. 
[R] 

Marshall U 

English, One John Marshall Drive Huntington WV 25755 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Applied Linguistics/TESOL 
922 

http://marshall.
edu 

Marshall University invites applications for a tenure-track position, Assistant 
or Associate Professor, in applied linguistics/TESOL. 
Experience 
or interest in teaching ESL methods. Ph. D. required by time of appointment. 
Successful candidate will teach a range of undergraduate and 
graduate courses, as well as first-year writing. Expectation of continued 
scholarship; teaching experience required. Marshall is a state university of 
14,000 students on the Ohio River in the Appalachian region. Teaching 
load 4/4 
with opportunities for competitive research reassigned time. Position 
starts August 16, 2007. Application deadline: November 15, 2006. 
Send letter, vita, dossier, and dissertation abstract to Dr. David Hatfield, 
Chair, Department of English, Marshall University, One John Marshall 
Drive, Huntington, WV 25755-2646. AA/EO 
employer. 
Women and 
minorities strongly encouraged to apply. Foreign applicants must be authorized 
to work in the United States. [R] 

Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of English 254 

Tenure-track appointment starting August 2007. ESOL specialist with 
strong interpersonal skills to direct departments ESOL program. Candidates 
should possess evidence of scholarly potential and a demonstrated 
commitment to excellent teaching. In addition to teaching, the successful 
candidate will be expected to assess, place, and advise incoming students 
and to coordinate with the International Office, the English Language 
Center, and other campus offices. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must 
be conferred by time of appointment. Send letter and curriculum vitae 
to Professor Edwin Duncan, Chair, English Department, Towson University, 
8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 10 November 
2006. Towson University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, 
minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

U of Houston-Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor of English, Linguistics 894 

http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/humanities/
english 

Tenure-track, beginning August 2007. Candidates must be qualified to 
teach introductory linguistics, grammar, and history of English language. 
Additional preparation in composition, professional writing/technical 




communication, literature, or rhetoric is highly desirable, as is university 
teaching experience. Faculty members earn tenure for achievements in 
teaching, scholarship, publication, and service. 

Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment strongly preferred. Send application 
letter, vita, 3 letters of reference, and photocopy of transcript(s) to Dr. 
Michael Dressman, Chair, Linguistics Search Committee, Department of 
English, University of Houston-Downtown, One Main Street, Houston, 
TX 77002. Application review begins immediately and continues until 
position is filled. 

UHD is an urban, open-admissions university with a highly diverse student 
body; all full-time faculty members regularly teach a 4/4 
undergraduate 
load. Graduate teaching is a possibility. Budgeted salary $45,989 (9 
months), with supplemental summer teaching opportunities. For information 
about the department, check http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/
humanities/
english Only applicants already eligible for employment 
in the U.S. will be considered. AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-Linguistics 473 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

Assistant Professor Linguistics 

The University of Kentucky seeks an assistant professor specializing in 
syntax; appointment is tenure-track, and is to be housed in the English 
Department. Teaching load is two courses per semester, including linguistics 
courses at the introductory, advanced undergraduate, and graduate 
levels. Interest in teaching courses in areas of linguistics other than syntax 
is desirable. Evidence of successful scholarship and promise of successful 
teaching required; doctorate required at the time of appointment. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, University of Kentucky, 1207 
Patterson Office Tower, Lexington, KY 40506-0027, USA 

Deadline is November 3. We will conduct interviews at the LSA Meeting 
in January 2007. 

Appointment begins August 2007. 

The University of Kentucky is strongly committed to diversity; minority 
and women candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 917 

http://cas.
memphis.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the Applied Linguistics Program 
at The University of Memphis. The department offers degrees 
in English at the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. levels, with concentrations in 
linguistics and ESL at the undergraduate and master’s level, and applied 
linguistics at the doctoral level. The Applied Linguistics Program also offers 
a 15-credit-hour certificate program in Teaching English as a Second 
Language, conducts a summer institute in Pilsen, Czech Republic, 
works closely with the Memphis City/Shelby 
County school systems, and 
teaches online courses for teacher certification across Tennessee. There 
are possibilities for developing other international programs. 

The successful candidate will be responsible for teaching a variety of undergraduate 
and graduate courses. Normal teaching load is 3/2. 
Candidates 
should demonstrate successful teaching at the university level and show 
initial scholarly achievement. Experience teaching ESL or EFL and ability 
to teach a range of teacher preparation courses required. Experience with 
the U.S. K-12 system desirable. Ph.D. in hand by August 2007, preferred. 

Send a letter of application, current CV, a copy of transcripts, and three 
letters of recommendation by November 1, 2006, to: Linguistics Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English, The University of Memphis, 
Memphis, TN 38152. Screening will begin November 1, and may continue 
until the position is filled. Minorities and women are encouraged to 
apply. The University of Memphis, a TN Board of Regents institution, is 
an EO/AA/
Immigration Reform Act Employer. 


U of South Carolina at Aiken 

English, 471 University Pky Aiken SC 29801 

Assistant Professor of English 631 

http://www.
usca.edu 

Tenure-track position beginning August 2007. Required: earned Ph.D. 
in English with primary expertise/experience 
in English grammar and 
history of the language and preferred secondary expertise/experience 
in ESL. Teaching responsibilities will include a four-course load per semester, 
combining first-year composition and undergraduate courses in 
specialization. Applicants must apply on line at: http://uscjobs.
sc.edu/ 
applicants/
Central?quickFind=56094. 

The Department of English offers the B.A. in English; there are currently 
fourteen full-time faculty members. In addition to the on-line application, 
applicants must also send paper copies of transcripts, documentation 
of effective college-level teaching, and three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Lynne Rhodes, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
USCA, 471 University Parkway, Aiken, SC 29801. Review of applications 
will begin November 13, 2006 and continue until the position is 
filled. Visit: www.usca.edu. USCA is an AA/EOE. 
Inquiries: lynner@ 
usca.edu [R] 

West Chester U 

For Langs, 109 main hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 887 

http://www.
wcupa.edu 

Beginning late August 2007. Tenure-track position. Required qualifications: 
Ph.D./Ed.D. in TESOL (or applied linguistics and TESOL) in hand 
by August 15, 2007; specialization in sociolinguistics, L2 literacy development 
or critical pedagogy; experience or solid preparation in teaching 
TESOL courses at the graduate level, undergraduate linguistics courses 
and either English composition or a foreign language; evidence of excellence 
in teaching and creative/innovative 
pedagogies; evidence of strong 
research or strong research potential; K-12 TESOL credential or significant 
practical K-12 ESL/EFL 
classroom experience required; interest/ 
experience 
in TESOL program administration desirable. 

Candidates must submit materials postmarked by November 6 to be considered 
in the initial screening of applicants. Screening will continue 
until the position is filled. Finalists must successfully complete an on-site 
interview and teaching demonstration. Please send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, teaching portfolio, and three letters of reference to: Dr. 
Charles Grove, Director, MA TESL Program, Department of Foreign 
Languages, 107 Main Hall, West Chester, PA 19383. 

Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty and staff advances WCUs educational 
mission and strategic Plan for Excellence. West Chester University 
is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and 
Minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

West Virginia U 

For Langs, PO Box 6298 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 423 

The Department of Foreign Languages at West Virginia University invites 
applications for an Assistant Professor in TESOL (Teaching English 
to Speakers of Other Languages). Applicants must have a PhD in 
Applied Linguistics, clear evidence of success in research, and demonstrated 
teaching 
excellence. Anticipated areas of teaching include Applied 
Linguistics, Second Language Acquisition, TESOL Methodology, and 
Language 
Testing. 

WVU is a Research I-Extensive University, an Affirmative Action and 
EEO employer. 
The University is located in the community of Mor



gantown, which offers plentiful educational opportunities as well as 
recreational outlets that draw on the natural beauty and rich culture of 
Appalachia. Morgantown is located within 1 Â½ hours of Pittsburgh and 
3 Â½ hours of the Washington/Baltimore 
area. It has been recognized as 
one of the most livable small cities in the U.S. 

The position begins August 16, 2007. Screening will begin November 15, 
continuing until the position is filled. Initial interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA convention in Philadelphia. 

Submit letter of application and CV, sample of research, and at least three 
letters of recommendation to: 

Search Committee/TESOL 
Position, Department of Foreign Languages, 
Box 6298, Morgantown, WV 26506-6298 

Direct further inquiries to Donald Hall: Donald.Hall@mail.wvu.edu 
(304) 293-5121. [R] 

Overseas Institutions 

American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Renaissance Literature 1060 

http://forms.
aucegypt.edu/provost/
pif3.html 

The Department of English and Comparative Literature anticipates a vacancy 
to teach undergraduate and M.A. courses. Ph.D. is required and 
teaching experience is preferred. Applications accepted until positions are 
filled. 

Renaissance Literature: Area of specialization: Shakespeare/Renaissance, 
including seventeenth century literature Successful candidate will also 
teach humanities courses in the University’s Core Curriculum for freshmen 
and sophomores, which could include courses in introductory and 
world literature. Position # ECL-1. 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, 
but will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008. AUC’s degree programs are accredited by 
the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association 
of Colleges and Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET 
and the Management program is accredited by AACSB. For more information 
visit our website at www.aucegypt.edu. One-two-or three-year 
appointments subject to mutual agreement will begin September 2007. 
Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or 
the 
appointee’s performance. The normal teaching load is three courses per 
semester and English is the language of instruction. Salary and rank are 
according to scale based on qualifications and professional experience. For 
expatriates, benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel for appointee 
and qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent of up 
to two children at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol 
agreement with the Egyptian government, which requires specific proportions 
of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this time 
preference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: E-mail a letter of intent specifying 
Position #ECL-1 with a current C.V. to facultyaffairs@aucnyo.edu and 
arrange to have three letters of recommendation and transcripts mailed 
to: Dr. Earl (Tim) Sullivan, Provost, American University in Cairo, 420 
Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3, New York, N.Y. 10018-2729. For full consideration, 
candidates must also complete the Personnel Information Form provided 
at http://forms.
aucegypt.edu/provost/
pif3.html. Review of candidates to 
begin immediately; applications accepted until the position is filled. 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

American Literature 1066 

http://www.
aucegypt.edu 

Department of English and Comparative Literature 

The Department of English and Comparative Literature anticipates a vacancy 
to teach undergraduate and M.A. courses. Ph.D. is required and 
teaching experience is preferred. Applications accepted until positions are 
filled. 

American Literature: Area of specialization: American Literature with 
knowledge of American Studies, and an ability to contribute to the new 
Center for American Studies and Research. Successful candidate will also 
teach appropriate humanities courses in the University’s freshman and 
sophomore level Core Curriculum. Position # ECL-2. 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, 
but will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008. AUC’s degree programs are accredited by 
the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association 
of Colleges and Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET 
and the Management program is accredited by AACSB. For more information 
visit our website at www.aucegypt.edu. One-two-or three-year 
appointments subject to mutual agreement will begin September 2007. 
Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or 
the 
appointee’s performance. The normal teaching load is three courses per 
semester and English is the language of instruction. Salary and rank are 
according to scale based on qualifications and professional experience. For 
expatriates, benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel for appointee 
and qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent of up 
to two children at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol 
agreement with the Egyptian government, which requires specific proportions 
of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this time 
preference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: E-mail a letter of intent specifying 
Position #ECL-2 with a current C.V. to facultyaffairs@aucnyo.edu and 
arrange to have three letters of recommendation and transcripts mailed 
to: Dr. Earl (Tim) Sullivan, Provost, American University in Cairo, 420 
Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3, New York, N.Y. 10018-2729. For full consideration, 
candidates must also complete the Personnel Information Form provided 
at http://forms.
aucegypt.edu/provost/
pif3.html. Review of candidates to 
begin immediately; applications accepted until the position is filled. 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Writing Program (two positions) 1059 

http://forms.
aucegypt.edu/provost/
pif3.html 

The Writing Program anticipates the following vacancies. Priority will be 
given to applications received by November 15th. 

Director: Two-or three-year (renewable) position that may lead to tenure 
as leader of a rapidly developing program in Rhetoric and Composition. 
Position requires commitment to promoting effective teaching for freshmen 
and specialized upper level courses, experience with program administration 
and curriculum development, and a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and 
Composition. Duties include selecting and supervising a faculty of 30+, 
encouraging faculty development and program assessment activities, and 
serving as liaison to university departments. Rank open. Position # WP-1. 

Writing Instructor/Assistant 
Professor: Several openings for experienced 
composition and rhetoric instructors to teach writing, rhetoric, and research 
in the Writing Program. experience with information technology, 
Business/Technical 
Writing, and/or 
curriculum design would be a plus. 

Instructors must have MA in Composition, Literature, or related f ield 
within the humanities. Assistant Professor rank requires Ph.D., evidence 



of active research and publication agenda, and interest in curriculum development 
as well as teaching experience. Position # WP-2/5. 


APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: E-mail a letter of intent specifying 
Position # with a current C.V. to facultyaffairs@aucnyo.edu and arrange 
to have three letters of recommendation and transcripts mailed to: Dr. 
Earl (Tim) Sullivan, Provost, American University in Cairo, 420 Fifth 
Avenue, Fl. 3, New York, N.Y. 10018-2729. For full consideration, candidates 
must also complete the Personnel Information Form provided at 
http://forms.
aucegypt.edu/provost/
pif3.html. Priority will be given to 
applications received by November 15th. 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 


Bilkent U 

Program in Cultures, Civilizations, and Ideas, G-128A Ankara 06800 
Turkey 

Open Rank 487 

http://www.
bilkent.edu.tr/~cci/ 

The Faculty of Humanities and Letters at Bilkent University announces 
one or perhaps two openings in the Program in Cultures, Civilizations, 
and Ideas. Candidates must have a broad-based background in the humanities 
as well as scholarly expertise in a specific field. We encourage 
applications from scholars committed to genuine interdisciplinary and 
comparative work in the humanities, and with proven excellence in teaching. 
We especially welcome candidates with backgrounds in comparative 
literature, philosophy, classics, or English, whose research interests include 
theory and/or 
intellectual history. Experience in teaching “Great Books” 
or humanities core courses is a plus. We also welcome applications from 
qualified couples. All candidates should have an active research agenda 
and hold a Ph.D. in a relevant field by September 2007. Academic rank is 
to be determined according to publication and prior work record, as well 
as potential for future research. Bilkent 

University, located in Ankara, is the oldest independent non-profit research 
university in Turkey. All classes are conducted in English. Active engagement 
with research is a priority of the university, and the university offers 
a variety of grants for research and conference travel. Salary is competitive 
and includes fully-furnished and rent-free apartments on campus. For 
more information about the university and the CCI Program, please consult 
Bilkent’s website at www.bilkent.edu.tr. Applicants should send a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, a graduate transcript, and at least three 
letters of recommendation, with current contact information for all referees. 
We will begin reviewing applications on November 20, 2006. Interviews 
may be conducted at the Modern Language Association convention 
in Philadelphia, by telephone, or by teleconferencing at Bilkent’s Distance 
Learning Office in New York City. Send applications to Dr. Julie C. Park, 
Chair, Hiring Committee, Program in Cultures,Civilizations, and Ideas, 
CCI Suite, G-128A, Bilkent University, 06800 Ankara, TURKEY. 

Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, S3.2 B4 27 Singapore 639798 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Comparative Literature 603 

http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hss/ 


The Division of English at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenurable faculty position in Comparative 
Literature (with emphasis on at least one Asian literature). The successful 
candidate will be expected to maintain a standard teaching load 
and an active research and publication agenda. Secondary specialisations 
are welcome. PhD by July 2007 required. 

NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is committed 
to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in a 
multicultural environment. It offers competitive salaries, strong research 
support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. Review of 
applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample 
to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, School of Humanities & Social 
Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, 
Singapore 639798. 

Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, S3.2 B4 27 Singapore 639798 

ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE 
PROFESSOR OF CULTURAL STUDIES 600 

http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hss/ 


The Division of English at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenurable faculty position in Cultural 
Studies. Specialisations in feminist theory and/or 
the history of western 
film are especially welcome. The successful candidate will be expected 
to maintain a standard teaching load and an active research and publication 
agenda. Secondary specialisations are welcome. PhD by July 2007 
required. 

NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is committed 
to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in a 
multicultural environment. It offers competitive salaries, strong research 
support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. Review of 
applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample 
to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, School of Humanities & Social 
Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, 
Singapore 639798. 

Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, S3.2 B4 27 Singapore 639798 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English Literature (Pre-1700) 602 

http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hss/ 


The Division of English at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenurable faculty position in British Literature 
before 1700. Candidates with a strong interest in Medieval Literature 
are especially encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will 
be expected to maintain a standard teaching load and an active research 
and publication agenda. Secondary specialisations are welcome. PhD by 
July 2007 required. 

NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is committed 
to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in a 
multicultural environment. It offers competitive salaries, strong research 
support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. Review of 
applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample 
to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, School of Humanities & Social 
Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, 
Singapore 639798. 

Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, S3.2 B4 27 Singapore 639798 

ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE 
PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN 
LITERATURE 601 

http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hss/ 


The Division of English at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenurable faculty position in American 
Literature of any period. The successful candidate will be expected 
to maintain a standard teaching load and an active research and publication 
agenda. Secondary specialisations are welcome. PhD by July 2007 
required. 


NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is committed 
to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in a 



multicultural environment. It offers competitive salaries, strong research 
support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. Review of 
applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample 
to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, School of Humanities & Social 
Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, 
Singapore 639798. 

National Sun Yat-Sen U 

Department of Theatre Arts, 70 Lien-hai Road Kaohsiung 804 Taiwan 

Professor/Associate 
Professor/Assistant 
Professor in Art /Visual Arts, 
Design (Costume/Light/
Stage), 71 

http://www2.
nsysu.edu/TA/ 


Position: Full-Time Positions in the Department of Theatre Arts 

Institution: National Sun Yat-sen University 

Location: Kaohsiung, TAIWAN, R.O.C. 

Application deadline: September 10, 2006 

The Department of Theatre Arts invites applications for the position of 
Professor/Associate 
Professor/Assistant 
Professor in Art /Visual Arts, Design 
(Costume/Light/
Stage), Acting/Directing, 
and Theory of Drama. 
Applicants who are currently professors or associate professors are preferred. 
All applicants must have strong research interests and at least 2 
years teaching experiences. 

Applicants must have successfully received doctoral degrees no later than 
Auguest 31, 2006. This position is available after February 1, 2007. 

To apply,applicants must submit, no later than September 10, 2006 a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, transcripts, a copy of doctoral dissertation, 
two samples of recent publications and two letters of recommendation 
to the following address: 

Faculty Searching Committee, Department of Theatre Arts, National Sun 
Yat-sen University, 70 Lien-hai Road, Kaohsiung 804, Taiwan, R.O.C. 

For further details, please contact the searching committee or the chairperson 
at: ta@mail.nsysu.edu.tw 

Postdoctoral Listings 

Brown U 

Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women, Box 1958 
Providence RI 02912 

Postdoctoral Fellowships 168 

http://pembrokecenter.
org 

The Question of Identity in Psychoanalysis 

Fellowships are open to scholars from all disciplines. Recipients may not 
hold a tenured position in an American college or university. Preference 
will be given to projects in which there is significant scholarly and theoretical 
attention given to the theme of the seminar. 

This is a residential fellowship. Fellows participate weekly in the Pembroke 
Seminar, present two public papers during the year, and pursue individual 
research. Brown University is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
The Center 
particularly encourages third world and minority scholars to apply. The 
term of appointment is September 1, 2007-May 31, 2008. The stipend is 
$35,000, plus health insurance unless otherwise covered. 

For application forms contact Donna Goodnow at Donna_Goodnow@ 
Brown.edu; phone: 401-863-2643. 

The deadline for applications is December 8, 2006. Selections will be announced 
in March. 

For more information please visit www.pembrokecenter.org 

California Inst of Tech 

Humanities, 1201 E California Blvd Pasadena CA 91125 

Lecturer or Instructor 931 

http://www.
hss.caltech.edu 

Division of the Humanities and Social Sciences 

Two-Year Postdoctoral Instructor appointment in print culture, book history, 
or the history of reading/literacy, 
with a particular interest in early 
modern, eighteenth-century, 
or romantic-period British literature and 
culture. The Division of the Humanities and Social Sciences at Caltech 
and the Research Division of the Huntington Library invite applications 
for this joint appointment, beginning Fall 2007. The position is contingent 
upon completion of Ph.D. Successful candidates will conduct research 
that benefits from access to the Huntington Library’s holdings in British 
literature and history. The teaching load is two undergraduate courses at 
Caltech per year. Please apply electronically at www.hss.caltech.edu/jobs 
or send letter of application, vita, dossier with at least three letters of recommendation, 
and thesis abstract to: Search Chair, Postdoctoral Instructorship, 
Caltech 101–40, Pasadena, CA 91125. Deadline is November 20. 
Caltech is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Women, 
minorities, veterans, and disabled persons are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Duke U 

University Writing Program, Box 90025 Durham NC 27708 

Mellon Writing Fellows 1035 

http://uwp.
aas.duke.edu 

We anticipate offering several postdoctoral fellowships on an interdisciplinary 
faculty charged with teaching an innovative first-year course in 
Academic Writing. We seek candidates with a PhD in any f ield and a 
demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching. Fellows are asked 
to draw on their disciplinary training and interests to design a seminarstyle 
course introducing students to academic writing. To apply, please 
send a CV, a letter in which you discuss your aims in teaching Academic 
Writing, and a brief proposal for a writing seminar modeled on the course 
synopses posted at http://fds.
duke.edu/db/
aas/UWP/
courses.html. We 
may subsequently ask you to provide other supporting materials, including 
a more detailed course outline, teaching materials, and letters of reference. 
Appointment is at the level of Lecturing Fellow (non-tenured), 
starting July 1, 2007. Teaching load is five sections of Academic Writing 
per year, with each section limited to 12 students. Starting salary in 
2007–08 will be $39,000, with strong opportunities for professional development. 
Contract is for an initial three years, renewable after successful 
review for two more years. Deadline for applications is Friday, November 
3, 2006. Please use our online application form at http://uwp.
aas.duke 
.edu/mellon/
to send us your CV and materials. If you are unable to apply 
online, you may mail hard copies to Joseph Harris, Chair, Mellon Fellows 
Search, University Writing Program, Duke University, Box 90025, Durham, 
NC 27708-0025. Duke is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Humanities Fellow 194 

http://fellows.
stanford.edu 

Stanford University invites applications for the Stanford Humanities Fellows 
Program, a postdoctoral fellowship designed to give the best recent 
Ph.D. recipients in the humanities a unique opportunity to develop as 
scholars and teachers. Up to six two-year fellowships will be awarded in 
the following fields: Asian Languages; Comparative Literature; French 
and Italian; German Studies; Linguistics; Slavic Languages and Literatures; 
Spanish and Portuguese. Stipend is $50,000 plus benefits and other 
support. Fellows are provided offices in and teach for one of Stanfords 
fifteen standing humanities departments. Course load: one course and 
one course-equivalent per year. Applicants must have received a quali



f ied Ph.D. between 1/1/
2004 and 6/30/
2007. Application deadline is 
December 4, 2006. Please see our display ad in the Chronicle of Higher 
Education (Oct. 6, Oct. 13) or visit our website at http://fellows.
stanford 
.edu. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

French & Francophone Studies, PO Box 951550, 405 Hilgard Av Los 
Angeles CA 90095 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellows in the Humanities at UCLA 56 

http://www.
humnet.ucla.edu/humnet/
mellon/ 

“Cultures in Transnational Perspective” 

Call for Applications 

Deadline: February 1, 2007 

The division of humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
will appoint four Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellows for a 2-year 
tenure beginning in the fall of 2007. Fellows must have earned their doctoral 
degree no earlier than January 2001 and no later than June 2007. 
The Mellon Fellowship provides a stipend of $45,000 a year, standard 
fringe benefits, a one-time moving allowance of $1,500, plus a small research 
budget of $1,000. Designed to explore the emerging field of Transnational 
Studies, the aim of the Mellon Program at UCLA is to broaden 
the study of minority cultures from its national focus to global and comparative 
perspectives. We seek innovative scholarship that explores minority 
cultures as major components of world culture and history, generated 
by immigrant and minority writers, artists, filmmakers, playwrights, and 
musicians residing in metropolitan centers across the world and thereby 
reshaping the canons of literature, art, and music in their respective countries. 
There is no application form. Applicants should send a cover letter, 
a description (no more than 1500 words) of the scholarly project relevant 
to the program, a CV, and three letters of recommendation by February 
1, 2007, to: Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities at 
UCLA, Royce Humanities Group, 212 Royce Hall, UCLA, Los Angeles, 
CA 90095. The program is co-chaired by Professors Françoise Lionnet 
(French and Francophone Studies; Comparative Literature) and Shu-mei 
Shih (Asian Languages and Cultures; Comparative Literature). For more 
information, please contact Danielle Cooper via e-mail at danielle@humnet.
ucla.edu. 

U of Chicago 

Society of Fellows, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637 

Collegiate Assistant Professor 215 

http://fellows.
uchicago.edu 

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows is now accepting applications 
for several four-year postdoctoral teaching appointments as Harper 
and Schmidt Fellows who hold the rank of Collegiate Assistant Professors 
in the Humanities Collegiate Division. The Fellows are members of the 
College Faculty whose primary responsibility is to teach in the general 
education program. In most years, Fellows teach two courses (usually of 
identical preparation) for each of three quarters. Each Fellow also has the 
opportunity to design an independent course and each is eligible for one 
quarter of research sabbatical in the third year of residence. The Fellowships 
are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization who 
will have completed all requirements for their Ph.D. degree no later than 
August 31, 2007. The annual salary for 2007–2008 will be $53,000. The 
effective date for these teaching appointments is September 1, 2007. 

To apply for these posit ions, please see our web site at ht tp:// 
fellows.
uchicago.
edu 

Applications must be received by October 16, 2006. 

AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 


Valparaiso U 

Lilly Fellows Program, Linwood House Valparaiso IN 46383 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 181 

http://www.
lillyfellows.org 

Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN 46383 

We offer three two-year postdoctoral teaching fellowships in the areas of 
Humanities and the Arts for 2007–2009 for scholars seriously considering 
academic vocations in church related institutions. Ph.D or equivalent 
terminal degree must have been received within 20 months up to and 
including August 2007. Fellows will teach seven courses over a two year 
period; engage in scholarship or creative work; participate in a two year 
colloquium; work with a VU faculty mentor; and interact with representatives 
from a national network of church related institutions. Faculty 
privileges; $43,000 stipend per year plus benefits, moving allowance, professional 
fund. For more information, contact the Lilly Fellows Program 
at 219-464-5317; or visit www.lillyfellows.org. Application deadline: December 
19, 2006. EOA/AA 


Washington U 

English, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Postdoctoral Fellow in the Humanities and Social Sciences 76 

http://www.
artsci.wustl.edu/~szwicker/Mellon_
Postdoctoral_Pr 

Washington University announces the seventh year of Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry, an Andrew W. Mellon 

Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship Program designed to encourage interdisciplinary 
scholarship and teaching across the humanities and social 
sciences. We invite applications from recent Ph.D.s for the position of Fellow. 
In September 2007, the selected Fellow will join our continuing Fellows 
in order to participate in the Universitys ongoing interdisciplinary 
programs and seminars. The Fellow will receive a two year appointment 
with a stipend beginning at $41,900 per year. Postdoctoral Fellows have 
an opportunity to plan and pursue their own continuing research in association 
with a senior faculty member at Washington University, and, over 
the course of their two-year appointment, to teach three undergraduate 
courses in their home discipline and to collaborate in an interdisciplinary 
theory and methods workshop. 

There is no application form, but further information on Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry is available on the web at http://www.
artsci.wustl 
.edu/~szwicker/Mellon_
Postdoctoral_Program.html. Applicants should 
submit a cover letter, a description of their research program (no more 
than three single-spaced pages), a brief proposal for the seminar in theory 
and methods, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation. 
All materials must be submitted in paper copy. 

Submit materials by December 1, 2006, to Steven Zwicker (szwicker@ 
artsci.wustl.edu) Department of English, Washington University, Campus 
Box 1122 One Brookings Drive, St. Louis MO 63130 

Washington University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 


Employment eligibility verification requested upon hire. [R] 

Wesleyan U 

Ctr for the Humanities, Middletown CT 06459 

Fellowship 174 

http://www.
wesleyan.edu/chum 


ANDREW W. MELLON POSTDOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP FOR 
2007–2008 AT WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY’S CENTER FOR THE 
HUMANITIES, an institute devoted to advanced study and research. 
The stipend is $45,000. For information on the criteria of eligibility, the 
application procedure, and the Center’s themes for 2007–2008, visit the 
Center’s web-site: http://www.
wesleyan.edu/chum. 
Completed applications 
must be received by November 2, 2006. 



