En­glish Listings

Allegheny C

En­glish, 400 N Main St Meadville PA 16335

Visiting One-Year Assistant Professor and Director of Writing 3077

http:// webpub .allegheny .edu/ dept/ english/


Responsibilities include teaching two courses each semester, including 
professional writing and introduction to literature, directing a college-
wide first year/ sophomore writing program and supervising the writing 
center. This position will be advertised as a tenure-track posision next 
year. The successful candidate must provide evidence of excellence in 
teaching, ongoing scholarship and professional development. Allegheny 
College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a dedicated 
faculty of teacher-scholars. Please send letters of application and cv’s as 
soon as possible to Professor David Miller, Chair, Department of English, 
Allegheny College, Meadville, PA 16335. Requests for dossiers and writing 
samples may follow. Allegheny College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to develop a diverse 
faculty and staff. Women and members of other under-represented groups 
are encouraged to apply. [R]

Charleston Southern U

En­glish, PO Box 118087 Charleston SC 29423

Assistant Professor of English 
3319

http:// www .csuniv .edu

Charleston Southern University is seeking a rhet-comp specialist with a 
Ph.D. in English 
with evidence of excellence in teaching and potential for 
scholarly activity. Applicants with Secondary Education and/or NCATE 
experience will receive preference. Responsibilities may include freshman 
composition and sophomore literature courses with some upper-level 
courses; additionally, faculty are called upon to observe student teaching, 
participate in academic advising, and fulfill other obligations.

Charleston Southern seeks candidates for faculty positions who are professing 
Christians and who are committed to excellence in teaching and service. 
They should support the goals of a strong liberal arts education and 
be willing to explore with students the integration of faith and learning.

Applicants should forward a letter of interest addressing qualifications and 
compatibility with the University’s mission, current vitae, and the names 
and contact information of at least three references to Dr. Scott Yarbrough, 
Chair, Department of English 
(syarbrou@ csuniv .edu).

Charleston Southern University (www .csuniv .edu) is an independent 
comprehensive university with over 3,200 students and offers over 30 
undergraduate majors and graduate degrees in Education, Business and 
Criminal Justice. The University is affiliated with the South Carolina 
Baptist Convention and employs faculty who are professing Christians. 
Review of credentials will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled.

Charleston Southern University does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, national or ethnic origin, disability or sex. [R]

Columbia C, Chicago

En­glish, 600 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605

Lecturer 3338

http:// www .colum .edu/ Academics/ English_ 
Department/ index .php

The Department of English 
at Columbia College Chicago invites applications 
for a full-time Lectureship beginning August 2008. Lectureships are 
full-time, non-tenure-track, renewable positions with benefits. Teaching 
load is 4/4, primarily in first-year writing. Candidates should have an MA 
or Ph.D. in English. 
Preferred candidates will hold a Ph.D. in Composition 
and Rhetoric or in English, 
with related coursework and experience 
in composition and rhetoric.

First-year writing at Columbia teaches students to access, analyze, evaluate, 
and produce various kinds of texts in order to become thoughtful and 
effective as students and citizens. The courses strengthen active reading 
skills, and they equip students to write capably across disciplines and in 
varied rhetorical contexts.

Columbia College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, 
international, and minority-classified individuals to apply for all positions. 
No phone calls, please. We offer a competitive salary and an excellent 
benefits package. Review of applications will begin immediately and will 
close when position is filled.

Mail letter of application, vita, writing sample, and the names and contact 
information of three references to Paula Payton, Coordinator of Services, 
English 
Department, Columbia College Chicago, 600 South Michigan 
Avenue, Chicago, IL 60605-1996.

Earlham C

En­glish, 801 National Rd W Richmond IN 47374

Visiting Assistant Professor 3204

http:// www .earlham .edu

Earlham College will be hiring a one-year visiting assistant professor in 
English 
or American Literature to begin Fall 2008. We are particularly 
interested in a post-colonial specialist, but we will hire the best candidate 
regardless of specialization. We are likely to have a tenure-track search for 
a post-colonial specialist to begin Fall 2009. Teaching load is six courses/ 
year, two upper-level classes in the major, two introductory English 
classes, and two in first-year interdisciplinary seminars. Earlham is a selective 
national Liberal Arts college founded by Quakers that emphasizes 

Summer Supplement 2008

MLA Job Information List

The Job Information Service received the following listings in English and foreign languages after the April List went to press. 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy.

J

I

L

M

A

L

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1

Dante—Documents—JIL (SUM 08) File: JIL_SummSupp08_P3T1.indd Job #: 130-20 6/9/08–JF/DH

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




teaching and service as much as scholarship. Earlham seeks people sympathetic 
to social justice, simplicity, consensus-seeking, and other values 
of the Religious Society of Friends. Send CV; three letters of recommendation, 
at least one of which should address teaching effectiveness; and 
letter of application describing teaching philosophy and research interests 
to: Kari Kalve, English 
Department, Drawer 112, Earlham College, 801 
National Road West, Richmond, IN 47374-4095. Earlham is an AA/EE 
employer 
and welcomes applications from members of minority groups. 
Consideration of candidates will begin immediately and continue until 
we fill the position. [R]

Fort Hays SU

En­glish, 600 Park St Hays KS 67601

Instructor of English 
Composition 3291

http:// www .fhsu .edu/ english


Positions teaching English 
composition at two universities in China 
through Fort Hays State University. Positions open until filled. Requirements: 
Master’s in English, 
linguistics, ESL, or related; U.S. citizenship or 
U.S. work visa. Teaching experience preferred. Native speakers of American 
English 
preferred. Faculty will teach four sections (up to 25 students 
each) of English 
Composition 101 and 102 fall 2008 and spring 2009. 
Faculty hired will participate in an expenses-paid training visit to FHSU 
campus. Contact person: Brenda Craven, FHSU, 600 Park St., Hays, KS 
67601 (Tel. 785-628-5384) bcraven@ fhsu .edu. Send resume, transcripts, 
and two current letters of recommendation. $20,000 salary and one 
round-trip flight from the USA to China. Room and board provided. To 
learn more about this program, go to the following site: http:// www .fhsu 
.edu/ virtualcollege/ virtual/ international/ index .htm. Fort Hays State 
University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
Women, 
minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to 
apply. [R]

Georgian Court U

En­glish, 900 Lakewood Av Lakewood NJ 08701

Assistant Professor of English 
3343

http:// www .georgian .edu

Post Date: April 28, 2008 (Search Extended; Description Revised)

This full-time tenure track faculty position in English 
composition serves 
the general education program and the department of English 
and Communications 
beginning Fall 2008. Preference will be given to candidates 
with research and/or experience in writing assessment, multimedia composition, 
professional writing, learning communities, linguistics, or ESL/ 
developmental composition.

Responsibilities:

• Teach first-year composition courses and other courses in the writing 
minor as needed.

• Develop and teach new writing courses for the writing minor.

• Advise English 
majors.

• Participate in university-wide committees.

• Engage in research; preferably primary research field in some area of 
composition studies.

• Assist in or mentor department-sponsored student publications and/or 
• Integrate the core values of respect, integrity, compassion, justice and 
service in all aspects of interaction.

Qualifications:

• Ph.D. in English 
or Composition/ Rhetoric.

• College-level teaching experience required.

• Commitment to research.

• Experience teaching in diverse delivery methods (online, accelerated, 
internet classroom) helpful.

• Commitment to undergraduate education and student life.

For full consideration, please send 2 copies each of cover letter, resume, 
unofficial transcript, and recent letters of recommendation from three professional 
references with contact information to: Georgian Court University, 
APEngCompF08 Search Committee, Office of Human Resources, 
900 Lakewood Ave., Lakewood, NJ 08701-2697. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Please visit our web site at http:// www .georgian .edu AA/EO 
Employer 
[R]

Hardin-Simmons U

Lit & Lang, 2200 Hickory, Box 16035 Abilene TX 79698

Assistant Professor of English 
3182

http:// www .hsutx .edu/ admin/hr/pro/ pro_ fac .htm

Hardin-Simmons University, affiliated with Baptist General Convention 
of Texas, seeks Assistant Professor of English, 
4/4, tenure-track. Details of 
teaching load: http:// www .hsutx .edu/ admin/hr/pro/ pro_ fac .htm. Minimum: 
ABD May ‘09. Founded 1891, HSU and the Cynthia Ann Parker 
College of Liberal Arts are committed to education enlightened by faith. 
Send vitae including references, philosophy of teaching, transcripts, and 
teaching evaluations to: Laura Pogue, Literature and Languages/ HSU 
Box 16035/Abilene, TX 79698. Electronic submission to lpogue@ hsutx 
.edu by October 1st. [R]

Kansas SU

En­glish, 108 ECS Manhattan KS 66506

Visiting Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 3125

http:// www .ksu .edu/ english


The Department of English 
at Kansas State University invites applications 
for a visiting assistant professor serving as a one-year replacement in fiction 
writing beginning August 10, 2008. Teaching load is 3–3, including 
introductory and advanced fiction writing, and possible graduate teaching. 
Successful candidates will have a M.F.A. or Ph.D. in Creative Writing, a 
strong publication record, and evidence of excellence in the classroom. 
Service opportunities may include, depending on background, advising 
the department’s student literary journal, serving on M.A. committees, 
and active participation in program-sponsored events. Kansas State is a 
land-grant university of 23,000 students. Information about the program 
and university can be found at http:// www .k-state .edu/ english.


Send letter of application, c.v., evidence of teaching effectiveness (sample 
syllabi, statement of teaching philosophy), and a list of graduate courses 
completed to Karin Westman, Head, English 
Dept., ECS Building, Kansas 
State University, Manhattan, KS 66506. (Letters of reference and 
writing samples will be requested later.) Review of applications begins 
April 14, 2008 and continues until the position is filled. Kansas State is 
an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its 
employees. [R]

Marlboro School

En­glish, 250 South Rossmore Avenue Los Angeles CA 90004

English 
Instructor 3355

http:// www .marlboroughschool .org

Marlborough School, a highly rigorous all-girls college preparatory school 
seeks an instructor with a specialization in American Literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with secondary expertise in American 
History. We seek candidates with a demonstrated commitment to teaching 
excellence. Salaries will be competitive. Send letter of application 
and vita to Joseph Koetters, Chair, Department of English, 
Marlborough 
School, 250 S. Rossmore Blvd., Los Angeles, CA, 90004. [R]

 SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2008

Dante—Documents—JIL (SUM 08) File: JIL_SummSupp08_P3T1.indd Job #: 130-20 6/9/08–JF/DH

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




Middlebury C

The Writing Program, Middlebury VT 05753

Visiting Assistant Professor of Writing 3335

http:// www .middlebury .edu

The Writing Program invites applications for a three-year renewable position, 
beginning September, 2008. Candidates should be prepared to contribute 
to the College’s WAC Program: design and implement support for 
non-native speakers of English; 
tutor students at all levels; and teach introductory 
and advanced writing courses and First-Year Seminars. Appointment 
will be as Visiting Assistant Professor of Writing. Candidates should 
have completed doctoral work in Rhetoric and Composition and provide 
evidence of ESL training and teaching experience. Send letter including 
statement of teaching experience, curriculum vitae, graduate transcript, 
and three letters of recommendation, at least two of which speak to teaching 
ability, to: Kathleen Skubikowski, Associate Professor of English 
and 
Director of Writing, Library 225, Middlebury College. Review of applications 
will begin immediately. Middlebury College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer, 
committed to hiring a diverse faculty to complement 
the increasing diversity of the student body. [R]

National U of Singapore

University Scholars Programme, 10 Kent Ridge Crescent Singapore

Writing Programme Faculty 3301

http:// www .usp .nus .edu.sg

We invite applications for tenure-track (at Assistant Professor or above) 
and non tenure-track (at Lecturer or above) positions in the Writing and 
Critical Thinking Programme for the University Scholars Programme, 
National University of Singapore. We are looking for colleagues who 
can teach academic writing skills through topic-specific inter-disciplinary 
courses. The normal teaching load is 2/2, and each writing class is 
normally capped at 12–15 students. Appointees should hold a Ph.D. 
Those appointed on tenure-track are expected to be active in research in 
an academic discipline, and will have opportunities to teach non-writing 
courses in that discipline. We are looking for candidates who can begin in 
January 2009. The positions will remain open until filled, but review will 
begin on 30 April 2008.

Interested applicants should submit their applications via email to 
uspbox23@ 
nus .edu.sg or by mail to: Director, University Scholars 
Programme, 
National University of Singapore, 10 Kent Ridge Crescent, 
Singapore 119260

Currently one of the top universities in the Asia Pacific region, the National 
University of Singapore (NUS) enrolls about 24,000 undergraduate 
and 7,000 graduate students in 14 faculties and schools. NUS is strongly 
committed to advancing knowledge, educating students and nurturing 
talent in the service of country and society. It also actively fosters a spirit 
of entrepreneurship and innovation so as to promote creative enterprise 
university-wide. The University Scholars Programme (USP) is an interdisciplinary 
academic programme for NUS undergraduates. USP admits 
180 students each year, and offers the freedom to explore across disciplines, 
a wide range of extracurricular and overseas opportunities, and a 
community of exceptionally motivated and talented students.

For further information about the National University of Singapore, see 
http:// www .nus .edu.sg.

Northwest Missouri SU

En­glish, 800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468

Instructor of English 
3156

http:// www .nwmissouri .edu/

Instructor, Non Tenure-Track, Two-year appointment, beginning August 
2008. Full-time position to teach 6 hours of composition courses, 
including developmental writing, with 6 hours of release time to provide 
administrative and technological support for the Writing Center. The 
person in this position will work closely with the Writing Center Coordinator 
and Composition Coordinator. Earned Master’s degree or equivalent 
required. Experience and success teaching composition is necessary. 
Technological experience to complete projects such as developing technological 
avenues for promoting the center, and recording and posting 
web video tutorials, is desired. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial 
transcripts, and three letters of reference to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, 
Department of English, 
Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, 
Maryville, MO 64468. Screening of applications will begin April 25, 
2008, and will continue until the position is filled. Application will be 
acknowledged by letter. Inquire to MHobbs@ nwmissouri .edu or (660) 
562-1265. Northwest is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Northwestern SU of Louisiana

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches 
LA 71497

Director of the Louisiana Folklife Center and Assistant Professor of 
English 
3093

http:// www .nsula .edu/ folklife

Director of Louisiana Folklife Center, position available August 15, 
2008. Duties include the following: planning and implementing the 
Natchitoches-
NSU Folk Festival; overseeing audio, image, and print 
media archives; supervising ten to fifteen staff members; conducting fieldwork; 
directing activities of LA Folklife Center; teaching two courses 
per semester in English 
(one graduate course per year or more) and one 
course in the summer; overseeing all community and outreach activities 
of LFC; working with community groups; serving on MA thesis committees; 
overseeing budgets for the LFC, and conducting fundraising. This 
position will be tied to the Department of Language and Communication 
and will be tenure line. Record of high quality teaching at the university 
level, established research agenda, and Ph.D. required; ABD candidates 
with scheduled defense dates will be considered. Please submit letter of 
application, CV, three letters of reference, and official transcripts to Dr. 
Lisa Abney, Department Head, Department of Language and Communication, 
Northwestern State University, Natchitoches, LA 71497. Position 
will be open until filled. Northwestern State University of Louisiana is 
an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, 
and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]

Northwestern SU of Louisiana

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches 
LA 71497

Assistant Professor of English 
3094

http:// www .nsula .edu/ langcomm

Assistant Professor with generalist background in professional writing, 
literature, fiction writing, folklore, or rhetoric-composition. Position begins 
Fall, 2008. Candidates should show a willingness to assist with recruitment 
and retention of students at the Graduate and Undergraduate 
level. Record of high quality teaching at the university level, established 
research agenda, and Ph.D. required; ABD candidates with scheduled 
defense dates will be considered. Please submit letter of application, CV, 
three letters of reference, and official transcripts to Dr. Lisa Abney, Department 
Head, Department of Language and Communication, Northwestern 
State University, Natchitoches, LA 71497. Position will be open 
until filled. Northwestern State University of Louisiana is an Affirmative 
Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Dante—Documents—JIL (SUM 08) File: JIL_SummSupp08_P3T1.indd Job #: 130-20 6/9/08–JF/DH

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




Ohio U

Interdisciplinary Arts, Ellis 360 Athens OH 45701

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
3329

http:// ohio .edu

The English 
Department at Ohio University seeks two visiting assistant 
professors for 2008–09. Successful candidates will be expected to teach 
composition (freshmen and junior) and introductory literature courses. 
There may also be opportunities to teach in one’s field of specialization. 
For one position, preference will be given to candidates qualified to teach 
an undergraduate course in the History of the English 
Language. Please 
send letter, vita, and three letters of application (at least one should be 
from a person who has observed the candidate’s teaching). Review of materials 
will begin May 15, 2008, and will continue until position is filled. 
All applicants are required to apply online: www .ohiouniversityjobs .com/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=54275

Women and other minorities are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is 
an EEO/AA employer. 
Further information about Ohio University can 
be found at the University’s web site: http:// www .ohio .edu.

Saint Joseph’s C

En­glish, 155 W Roe Blvd Patchogue NY 11772

Assistant Professor of English 
Literature 3289

http:// www .sjcny .edu

Position has just opened up.

The English 
Department of St. Joseph’s College seeks to fill a tenure track 
position in the teaching of literature, particularly Medieval Literature.

PRIMARY COMPETENCY: The literature of the English 
Middle Ages

ANCILLARY COMPETENCIES: Continental Medieval Literature

Medieval Latin Language & Culture

PH.D. : Required or Imminent

N.B. : See College website for other info. and addresses. [R]

SU of New York, C at Potsdam

En­glish & Communication, 44 Pierrepont Av Potsdam NY 13676

Assistant Professor-Creative Writing (Poetry) 3223

http:// www .potsdam .edu

SUNY Potsdam’s English 
and Communication Department is seeking 
applications for an Assistant Professor of English. 
This is a tenure-track 
position with primary responsibilities in teaching Creative Writing—
Poetry. Demonstrated ability to teach in another genre desirable. Teaching 
responsibilities normally include upper-division courses in area of 
specialization, lower-division courses in literature and composition, and 
contributions to the graduate program. A full-time teaching load is 12 
hours per semester, plus advising and committee responsibilities. A continuing 
program of creative activity is expected. MFA or Ph.D. with 
teaching experience and a book-length publication required. Send letter 
of application, CV, and names and addresses of three current references 
(please do not send any additional materials at this time) to Chair, Creative 
Writing Search Committee, English 
and Communication Department, 
SUNY Potsdam, Potsdam, NY 13676, or e-mail poetsearch@ 
potsdam .edu. Application review begins April 14, 2008 and continues 
until position is filled. SUNY Potsdam is an affirmative action equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. [R]

Texas A&M U, Galveston

Gen Academics, PO Box 1675 Galveston TX 77553

Lecturer 3333

http:// www .tamug .edu/ hrd

Full-time lecturer in English 
for fall 2008 to teach technical writing and 
composition. Requirements: master’s degree in English 
and commitment 
to undergraduate teaching. This is a 9-month non-tenure-track, annually 
renewable appointment. The position is subject to budget approval. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the 
position is filled. Applicants must complete Application for Employment 
form available at http:// www .tamug .edu/ hrd/ employmentforms .htm. 
Submit completed form, letter of application, curriculum vita, minimum 
three letters of recommendation to Human Resources, English 
Search, 
Texas A&M University at Galveston, P.O. Box 1675, Galveston, TX 
77553. AA/EOE.

U of Missouri, Columbia

En­glish, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211

Visiting Instructor or Visiting Assistant Professor 3148

http:// english 
.missouri .edu

The Department of English 
at the University of Missouri-Columbia seeks 
to hire a visiting assistant professor or visiting instructor in eighteenth-
and nineteenth-century 
British Literature for the 2008–2009 academic 
year. The successful candidate will teach 3 courses per semester, including 
at least one section of the British literature survey (beginning to 1789) 
each semester. Preference given to candidates able to teach upper-division 
courses in both eighteenth-century 
literature and Romanticism. ABD in 
English 
is required; PhD preferred. The position includes benefits; salary 
is $36,000. Send letter of application and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English 
Department, 107 Tate Hall, University of Missouri–Columbia, Columbia, 
MO 65211. Review of applications will begin immediately. No 
electronic submissions. The University of Missouri is an EOE/AA/ADA 
employer. 
[R]

U of New Orleans

En­glish, Lakefront New Orleans LA 70148

Instructor of English 
3219

http:// www .uno .edu

The University of New Orleans, which has seen steady enrollment 
growth since Katrina, seeks applicants for several full-time instructorships 
in English. 
Instructors teach 4 courses per semester; the first-semester 
teaching assignment is freshman composition (enrollment is capped at 
19), with sophomore literature and writing courses normally becoming 
available in one’s second semester or second year. While our instructors 
are not required to publish, many have service roles, and all have a voice 
in departmental and university governance. Hired on a 6-year contract, 
our instructors have the opportunity to be reviewed in their 5th year 
for a renewable annual contract. Beginning salary is $35,000 (with full 
benefits), and summer teaching for extra compensation is available on a 
rotational basis (as are overloads in the fall and spring semesters). Instructors 
have private offices with individual computers. M.A. or Ph.D. in English 
(or in a a closely related field, with minimum of 18 graduate hours 
in English) 
required; those with background in professional or technical 
writing, journalism, Bible as Literature, or African American Literature 
especially encouraged to apply. Send letter and CV by May 30 to Peter 
Schock, Chair, Department of English, 
University of New Orleans, New 
Orleans, LA 70148. AA/EOE [R]



U of South Carolina

En­glish & For Langs, 200 Miller Rd Sumter SC 29150

Assistant Professor of English 
3217

http:// www .uscsumter .edu

Assistant Professor of English 
(Tenure-track beginning August 2008) 
USC Sumter. Ph.D. in English 
required at time of appointment. Specialization 
open; American literature background a plus. 3–4 teaching 
load, all undergraduate day, evening, and possible distance education and 
off-campus classes; expectations include excellence in teaching and commitment 
to continued scholarly and professional growth. You may apply 
online for all job vacancies with the University of South Carolina via the 
USC Job Online Employment site at https:// uscjobs.sc.edu or submit application 
letter, vita, three current letters of recommendation. Further 
materials (e.g., writing sample, graduate and undergraduate transcripts, 
evidence of teaching excellence) may be requested at a later date. Send 
materials to Chair, English 
Search Committee, USC Sumter, 200 Miller 
Road, Sumter, SC 29150-2498. If you have questions about the application 
procedures, please call (803) 938-3721. Review of credentials will 
begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Foreign 
nationals should indicate current US immigration status. USC Sumter is 
an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of Toledo

En­glish Lang & Lit, 2801 W Bancroft Toledo OH 43606

Composition Instructor 3350

http:// www .utoledo .edu/as/english/


The University of Toledo, Department of English 
invites applications for 
two instructional positions in the Composition Program, beginning Fall 
2008. One position (lecturer) is a continuing non-tenure-track appointment, 
contingent upon satisfactory performance and instructional need. 
The other position is a one-year non-tenure-track visiting appointment, 
renewable up to three years, also contingent upon satisfactory performance 
and instructional need. Both positions will cover 24–30 credit hours per 
academic year, teaching first year writing courses, along with courses in 
organizational report writing and science and technical writing. PhD in 
English, 
with a Composition and Rhetoric specialty, or MA in English 
with course work and teaching experience in college composition. Applications 
should include a letter of application clearly addressing the position 
requirements, a C.V., 3 letters of recommendation, and a statement of 
teaching philosophy. Send to Dr. Barbara Schneider, Chair, Composition 
Search Committee, University of Toledo, Toledo OH 43606. Review of 
applications will begin May 30, 2008, and will continue until the positions 
are filled. Please indicate in your letter of application if you are interested 
in the lecturer position or the visiting position, or if you would 
like to be considered for both.

Additional information about the University of Toledo is available on the 
Internet at www .utoledo .edu, about the Department of English 
at http:// 
www .utoledo .edu/as/english/ 
and about the Composition program at 
www .english 
.utoledo .edu/ compositon. The University of Toledo is an 
equal access, equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and educator. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.

U of Wisconsin, Stevens Point

En­glish, 2100 Main St Stevens Point WI 54481

Assistant Professor of English 
(Creative Writing/ Fiction) 08–54F54 3090

http:// www .uwsp .edu/ english/


Tenure-track position, starting August 2008. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. 
Assignment 
may include beginning/ advanced creative writing and other writing 
courses developed to suit candidate’s interest, depending on scheduling 
needs. Ph.D. and ongoing publication of creative work preferred, but 
MFAs welcomed. We are looking for outstanding teaching, a strong commitment 
to undergraduate education, and awareness of the importance of 
diversity in education. Evidence of continued scholarly/ creative achievement 
and university service is necessary for retention, promotion, and 
tenure. Competitive salary dependent on experience. Send letter of application 
and curriculum vita to Michael Williams, Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, Stevens Point, WI 
54481. The committee will begin reviewing applications on April 18. 
The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point is committed to diversity in 
education and strongly encourages applications from female and minority 
candidates. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Stevens Point

En­glish, 2100 Main St Stevens Point WI 54481

Assistant Professor of English 
(Creative Writing/ Poetry) 08–54F53 3091

http:// www .uwsp .edu/ english/


Tenure-track position, starting August 2008. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. 
Assignment 
may include beginning/ advanced creative writing and other writing 
courses developed to suit candidate’s interest, depending on scheduling 
needs. Ph.D. and ongoing publication of creative work preferred, but 
MFAs welcomed. We are looking for outstanding teaching, a strong commitment 
to undergraduate education, and awareness of the importance of 
diversity in education. Evidence of continued scholarly/ creative achievement 
and university service is necessary for retention, promotion, and 
tenure. Competitive salary dependent on experience. Send letter of application 
and curriculum vita to Michael Williams, Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, Stevens Point, WI 
54481. The committee will begin reviewing applications on April 18. 
The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point is committed to diversity in 
education and strongly encourages applications from female and minority 
candidates. [R]

Zayed U

Human Resources, Academic City/Al Ruwayyah PO Box 19282 Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

English 
Language Faculty-Sweihan Campus-Abu Dhabi-August 2008 3293

http:// www.zu.ac.ae/online_ app/ Open_ position_ details .aspx?id

Zayed University, a premier university in the United Arab Emirates, is an 
innovative institution based on an international model of higher education. 
With 600 faculty and staff serving 3,500 students across two main 
campuses-as well as satellite locations-in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, the University 
prepares graduates to become leaders in government, business, 
civil society, and family life. The University expects its graduates to be 
fully bilingual in English 
and Arabic, proficient in the use of computing 
technology, and strong in quantitative and research skills. The language 
of business and instruction at the University is English.


Zayed University is fully accredited in the U.A.E. and is a candidate for 
accreditation with the Middle States Commission on Higher Education 
in the U.S.A.

The United Arab Emirates is a progressive country known for its high 
standard of living and its safe and family-friendly environment.

The Opportunity

Zayed University is seeking faculty able to contribute to the English 
composition 
and writing-in-the-disciplines curriculum. Experience in working 
with second-language learners or in international contexts is highly 
regarded. Successful candidates will be assigned to the University’s new 
campus for men, a program housed in the town of Shahama near the city 
of Abu Dhabi.

The Requirements

Successful candidates will have:

• Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, Applied Linguistics, English, 
TESOL, or a related field preferred. Experienced M.A. candidates will 
be considered.



• Relevant baccalaureate-level teaching experience and active research 
interests.


• Experience with multi-section university-level language development 
courses.

• Experience with writing-across-the-curriculum programs, assessment 
protocols, writing-in-the-disciplines, English 
Centers, ESL students, or 
speech labs desirable.

The Benefits

The University’s benefits package is highly attractive, with competitive 
salaries free of tax in the United Arab Emirates, housing, a furniture allowance, 
annual vacation airline tickets for the employee and immediate 
family, educational subsidies for children and subsidized healthcare for the 
employee.

To Apply

Visit our Web site www.zu.ac.ae. In addition to completing the online 
application form, attach a cover letter and a current CV, the names and 
contact details of three referees, a statement of your undergraduate teaching 
philosophy, and a statement of your scholarly and creative interests, 
particularly as they might apply to the Middle East, and as to how they 
might involve undergraduate students.