Summer Supplement 2007

MLA Job Information List

The Job Information Service received the following listings in English and foreign languages after the April List went to press. 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy.

J

I

L

A

M

L

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1

WRD—Documents—JIL (SUM 07) File: JIL_SummSupp07_P2T1.indd Job #: 130-20 5/30/07–DH/JF

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


English Listings

Allegheny C

English, 400 N Main St Meadville PA 16335

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 2614

http://webpub.
allegheny.edu/dept/
english/

Applications are invited for a one-year appointment in Shakespeare/
Renaissance, 
beginning August 2007. Teaching load of three courses per 
semester at a highly selective liberal arts college. Courses include introduction 
to reading literature, surveys in Shakespeare and early British literature. 
Ph.D. in English or related interdisciplinary field desirable but 
not required. Women and minorities encouraged to apply. Send letter of 
application, CV, a sample syllabus and a scholarly writing sample to David 
C. Miller, Chair, Department of English, 520 North Main Street, Meadville, 
PA 16335. Letter should emphasize teaching as well as scholarly 
research. Screening of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until position is filled. [R]

Campbell U

English, PO Box 507 Buies Creek NC 27506

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English 2853

http://www.
campbell.edu

Full-time, tenure track position opening for August 2007 at Campbell 
University. Search will conclude by July 15, 2007.

Summary:

Candidate should be specialized in Renaissance literature, but must be 
motivated to teach from Freshman composition through upper division 
courses, and be able to commit to the University’s Statement of Purpose. 
Normal full-time teaching load is four 3 credit courses per semester. Rank 
and salary based on qualifications and professional experience.

Qualifications:

Ph.D. in hand or ABD by Fall 2007, evidence of excellence in teaching, 
and a willingness to mentor students.

Campbell University is a liberal arts, Baptist affiliated university with five 
professional schools and an undergraduate College of Arts and Sciences. It 
is located 25 miles SE of Raleigh, NC, and has a main campus, full time 
student body of 2800+ students. The English Department has tracks for 
English with Licensure, English Pre-Law, and English. The curriculum 
for all tracks is strongly traditional and historical (http://www.
campbell.edu/coas/
english/index.
html).

Please send a letter of application with a statement of teaching philosophy, 
current c.v., transcripts, and three letters of recommendation with contact 
numbers to:

English Search Committee, c/o 
Dr. Frank A. Vaughan, English Department, 
PO Box 220, Campbell University, Buies Creek, NC 27506, 
(vaughanf@campbell.edu.) [R]

Christopher Newport U

English, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606

Visiting Assistant Professor of English (British Literature) 2827

http://www.
cnu.edu

For the 2007–08 academic year, the Department of English at Christopher 
Newport University seeks applications for a one-year restricted assistant 
professor in Nineteenth and Twentieth Century British literatures. 
Secondary specializations in Medieval and/or 
Renaissance literatures 
would also be welcome. Doctorate in English preferred, though Comparative 
Literature doctorates will be considered. Responsibilities will 
include teaching undergraduate British literature courses, innovative 
first-and second-year composition seminars in a newly invigorated writing 
program, and freshman seminars and upper-level courses in a new 
general education curriculum. The successful candidate will have a specialization 
in British literature, a commitment to teaching composition, a 
demonstrated interest in scholarship and publication, and must be able to 
teach undergraduates in exciting, innovative ways. Successful applicants 
will have a doctorate in hand by August 2007. CNU, a young, selective 
state-supported liberal arts and sciences university of 4,800 students, is 
located on the Virginia Peninsula between Williamsburg and Virginia 
Beach. The University is seeking outstanding undergraduate teachers who 
will engage students in creative and disciplined intellectual challenges. A 
commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and learning is a 
hallmark of CNU. For further information on CNU, please visit our web 
site at www.cnu.edu. The Department of English offers literature, writing, 
and language arts tracks in the BA and an MAT in Language Arts. 
All members of the English Department regularly teach Freshman English. 
To apply, send letter of application, current resume, a stattement of 
your philosophy of teaching, and three letters of recommendation to: Director 
of Equal Opportunity and Faculty Recruitment, British Literature 
Faculty Search, Search #8022, Christopher Newport University, 1 University 
Place, Newport News, VA 23606. Review of applications begins 
June 15, 2007. Applications received after June 15, 2007, will be accepted 
but considered only if needed. CNU, an EOE, is fully committed to Access 
and Opportunity. [R]



2 SUMMER SUPPLEMENT 2007

WRD—Documents—JIL (SUM 07) File: JIL_SummSupp07_P2T1.indd Job #: 130-20 5/30/07–DH/JF

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


Fitchburg SC

English, 160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420

Assistant Professor/One-
Year Temp/English 
2856

http://web.
fsc.edu/humanresources/
listings.cfm?JobType=2

Posting #505-The English department invites applications for a one-year 
full time temporary Assistant Professor, beginning in the fall of 2007. Specialization 
in British and World Literature; course load includes freshman 
writing. Ability to teach classical literature or Bible as literature, as well 
as freshman writing. PhD and college teaching experience required. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. For full detailed job description visit our website at www.fsc.edu/humanres 
and click on the Employment Opportunities link. Please 
send letter of interest, curriculum vitae/resume, 
a statement of teaching 
philosophy and three professional references to Department of Human 
Resources, Fitchburg State College, 160 Pearl Street, Fitchburg, Massachusetts 
01420 or by email to resumes@fsc.edu. AA/EOE 
[R]

Georgian Court U

English, 900 Lakewood Av Lakewood NJ 08701

Assistant Professor of English 2704

http://www.
georgian.edu

This full-time tenure track faculty position in English serves the general 
education program with specialization in Anglophone world/post-
colonial 
literatures beginning Fall 2007.

Teach four courses per semester, including general education and first-
year composition courses.

Advise students.

Participate on university-wide committees.

Teach in diverse delivery modes.

Engage in research.

Assist in department-sponsored student publications and/or 
organizations.

Collaborate with other departments in global studies.

Participation in assessment activities.

Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature required.

College-level teaching experience required.

Record of published research preferred.

Demonstrated commitment to undergraduate education.

Experience teaching in diverse delivery methods (online, accelerated, 
internet 
classroom) preferred.

For full consideration, please send 2 copies each of cover letter, resume, 
unofficial transcript, and recent letters of recommendation from three 
professional references with contact information to: Georgian Court 
University, APEng Search Committee, Office of Human Resources, 900 
Lakewood Ave., Lakewood, NJ 08701-2697. Review of applications will 
begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Please visit our web site at http://www.
georgian.edu AA/EO 
Employer 
[R]

Hardin-Simmons U

Literature & Languages, 2200 Hickory, Box 16035 Abilene TX 79698

Assistant Professor of English 2834

http://www.
hsutx.edu/admin/
hr/pro/
pro_fac.htm

Hardin-Simmons University, an institution affiliated with Baptist General 
Convention of Texas, seeks Assistant Professor of English, 4/4, 
tenure-
track position. Upper-level Shakespeare experience required. Minimum: 
ABD May 08. Founded 1891, HSU and the Cynthia Ann Parker College 
of Liberal Arts are committed to higher education taught from the perspective 
of the Christian worldview. Send cover letter, vitae, philosophy 
of teaching in a Christian context, three professional references, and evidence 
of quality teaching to: Traci Thompson, Search Chair/Literature 
and Languages/HSU 
Box 16035/Abilene, 
TX 79698. Electronic submission 
to tthomp@hsutx.edu by November 1st. [R]

Massachusetts Maritime Acad

Humanities, 101 Academy Dr Buzzards Bay MA 02532

Instructor/Assistant 
Professor English Composition/Rhetoric 
2825

http://www.
maritime.edu

Posting: April 2007 Start date: September 2007 Position Number 
FY07–22

Position: Instructor/Assistant 
Professor English Composition/Rhetoric


Division: Academic. Humanities Department

Union Affiliation: Massachusetts State College Association (MSCA)

Supervision received: Reports to the Vice President of Academic Affairs 
and Chair of the English Department.

Supervision exercised: Exercises supervision over subordinate personnel 
and students in area of responsibility.

General responsibilities: Full time tenure-track position at the Instructor 
or Assistant Professor level to teach English composition, public speaking, 
business communications, and technical writing. Student advising. Participation 
in writing assessment program.

Qualifications and requirements:

Masters degree in composition/rhetoric 
or related field

Proficiency in instructional technology, developmental reading, writing 
assessment, and writing across the curriculum

Excellent oral, written, and computer skills

Candidate hired at Associate Professor level should have significant college 
teaching experience

Preferred qualifications: Ph.D. in composition/rhetoric 
or evidence of 
commitment to completion of doctorate in composition/rhetoric 
within 
five years. Experience directing a writing assessment program. Ability to 
teach introductory literature courses. Experience with post-secondary instruction.


Salary: Commensurate with experience.

Interested candidates should submit an MMA application available on 
the MMA website www.maritime.edu under the following link: www.maritime.edu/pdf/
MMAApplication.pdf, a cover letter, and a resume 
listing the contact information of five professional references. Candidates 
selected for interviews should also be prepared to deliver a fifteen minute 
presentation on a relevant topic. Application materials may be sent 
to Human Resources Dept. Attn: Anne W. Folino, Esq., 101 Academy 
Drive, Buzzards Bay, MA 02532 or to: afolino@maritime.edu. Finalist 
must complete a drug screening and background check. Position will remain 
open until filled. MMA is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
Members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply.

Montclair SU

English, Montclair NJ 07043

Half-Time Instructor/Assistant 
Professor 2753

http://english.
montclair.edu

The English Department at Montclair State University invites applications 
for half-time instructors to teach in the first-year writing program. 
We seek applicants who are recent ABD (registered for thesis writing) or 
PhD/MFA 
(within three years) who have experience in and a demonstrated 
commitment to the teaching of writing to undergraduates. The 
teaching load is 2/2. 
Starting date is September 1, 2007 for the academic 
year 06–07. Salary is $23,152 for Phd or $19,046 for ABD/MFA 
and subject 
to available funding.

Please send CV, letters of support from three people familiar with your 
teaching, and a cover letter describing your approach to the teaching of 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 3

WRD—Documents—JIL (SUM 07) File: JIL_SummSupp07_P2T1.indd Job #: 130-20 5/30/07–DH/JF

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


writing. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until positions are filled.

Apply to Dr. Daniel Bronson, Chair, English Department, HT 07, Montclair 
State University, Montclair, NJ 07043. Montclair State University is 
an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Institution.

Montclair SU

English, Montclair NJ 07043

Instructor of English 2752

http://english.
montclair.edu

The English Department at Montclair State University invites applications 
for one-year, non-tenure track positions teaching in the first-year 
writing program. These positions are renewable up to three years. Teach 
first-year writing courses Intellectual Prose, Writing and Literary Study 
and possibly Basic Writing. Participation in the first-year writing committee 
expected. Record of success teaching first-year writing in a diverse, 
multi-ethnic environment essential. PhD or ABD in any related 
field, MFA in writing, or MA with significant coursework and/or 
teaching 
experience in comp/rhet 
required. The teaching load is 4/4. 
Salary 
is $38,000, with union-negotiated benefits; subject to available funding. 
http://english.
montclair.edu.

Please send letter, CV, letters of support from three people familiar with 
your teaching, a teaching statement and evidence of your teaching effectiveness. 
Review of applications will begin May 1st and continue until 
positions are filled.

Apply to Dr. Daniel Bronson, Chair, English Department, IN 07, MSU, 
Montclair, NJ 07043. Montclair State University is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action Institution.

Montclair SU

English, Montclair NJ 07043

Visiting Assistant Professor 2857

http://www.
montclair.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor to begin September 1, 2007. One-year (2007/
08) 
full-time appointment to teach courses in Shakespeare, Early Modern 
British Literature, and First-year Writing sequence. PhD required. 
4–4 teaching load,. Health insurance and pension benefits. Competitive 
salary. EEO employer. 
Send letter and CV to Professor Daniel Bronson, 
Chair, Department of English, Montclair State University, Montclair 
NJ 07043 [R]

New Mexico SU

English, PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003

Creative Writing-Poetry, 9-month Temporary Non-Tenure Track Faculty, 2670

http://www.
nmsu.edu/~english/

MFA or PhD in Creative Writing-Poetry. Teaching experience required; 
at least one full-length book of published poetry required. Will teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses and serve on MFA thesis committees; 
course load is three courses per academic semester. One-year, non-renewable 
appointment. Please send a letter of application, CV, sample publication 
(book preferred; photocopies acceptable), and contact information 
(including email addresses) for three references, to Dr. Harriet Kramer 
Linkin, English Department Head, Visiting Creative Writing Position 
Fiction, Department of English, PO Box 30001, MSC 3E, New Mexico 
State University, Las Cruces NM 88003-8001. The Search Committee 
will begin reviewing application on April 12, 2007. The position will remain 
open until filled. [R]

New Mexico SU

English, PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003

Creative Writing-Fiction, 9-month Temporary Non-Tenure Track 
Faculty 2669

http://www.
nmsu.edu/~english/

MFA or PhD in Creative Writing-Fiction. Teaching experience required; 
at least one full-length book of published fiction required. Will teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses and serve on MFA thesis committees; 
course load is three courses per academic semester. One-year, non-renewable 
appointment. Please send a letter of application, CV, sample publication 
(book preferred; photocopies acceptable), and contact information 
(including email addresses) for three references, to Dr. Harriet Kramer 
Linkin, English Department Head, Visiting Creative Writing Position 
Fiction, Department of English, PO Box 30001, MSC 3E, New Mexico 
State University, Las Cruces NM 88003-8001. The Search Committee 
will begin reviewing application on April 12, 2007. The position will remain 
open until filled. [R]

Oklahoma SU

English, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 2677

http://english.
okstate.edu

Positions available in Technical Writing, Composition and Lower-
division 
Literature

This position is a one-year appointment renewable up to three years, starting 
August 2007. PhD and teaching experience required. 4–3 course load 
teaching one or more of the following: technical writing, composition, or 
lower-division literature. Salary competitive. For further information on 
the department, see our web page at http://english.
okstate.edu. To ensure 
full consideration, applications must be received by June 1, 2007. However, 
we will continue to accept and consider applications until the positions 
are filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, 
including three letters of recommendation and transcript to Carol Moder, 
Head, English Department, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, 
Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. OSU is an AA/EEO 
Employer 
Committed 
to Multicultural Diversity.

Stanford U

Eng, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305

Director, Technical Communications Program; School of Engineering 2842

http://soe.
stanford.edu/tcp


The School of Engineering at Stanford University seeks applicants to be 
the Director of the Technical Communications Program (TCP). The 
search is open at the level of Senior Lecturer. Applicants are expected to 
have a doctoral degree and relevant experience in teaching writing and 
oral communication. Administrative/budget 
experience is also highly desirable.


The School of Engineering places fundamental importance on developing 
our students’ communications skills. We seek an energetic leader to 
design courses and activities that are appropriate to engineers of all levels 
and in a variety of disciplines to prepare students both to complete assignments 
within the engineering curriculum (e.g., technical papers, lab 
reports, dissertations, Ph.D. orals, proposals, policy briefs) and to do the 
kinds of writing and speaking that students will likely do as engineering 
professionals. The Director structures the program to support these goals, 
working with faculty, staff, and students, and with the larger community 
of writing and oral communication instructors at Stanford. In the next 
few years the TCP will move to the new School of Engineering Center, 
and the Director will be involved in planning the new facilities.

The Director of the TCP teaches in the program, particularly in supporting 
the university requirement for writing in the major, and is responsible 
for supervising all the teaching and administrative operations of the 



program. 
The Director is responsible for hiring and supervising the activities 
of lecturers in writing and public speaking to assist him/her 
in 
meeting the program goals. The Director also hires and helps train additional 
part-time writing and speech tutors (often graduate students) as 
needed. Administrative responsibilities of the Director include budget and 
personnel matters.

Applicants should send a letter containing a statement of interest, a curriculum 
vita, a statement of teaching interests, and the names and addresses 
of three references. Evaluation of candidates will begin on May 1, but the 
search will remain open until the position is filled. All materials should 
be sent to Professor Brad Osgood at the following address: TCP Search 
Committee, Deans Office, School of Engineering, Stanford University, 
Terman 208, Stanford, CA 94305-4027; or via electronic mail to 
tcp-search@lists.stanford.edu

Stanford University is an equal opportunity employer 
and welcomes 
nominations of women and minority group members and applications 
from them. [R]

Tulane U

English, 6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118

Visiting Assistant Professor 2795

http://www.
tulane.edu/~english

The department seeks to hire for the academic year 2007–2008, a visiting 
Assistant Professor in Early Modern Literature. Experience and interest 
in teaching Shakespeare is preferred. This is a one-year appointment with 
a 3/3 
teaching load. Salary: $40,000. Please submit an application letter, 
c.v. and names of three references electronically to Gaurav Desai, Chair 
at engpos2@tulane.edu Applications will be acknowledged by email and 
will be considered until the position is filled. Tulane University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply.

U of Alabama, Birmingham

English, 900 S 13th St, 217 Hum Bldg Birmingham AL 35294

English Instructor or Assistant Professor 2617

http://www.
uab.edu/english


Full-time, non-tenure-track positions, 9-month contract, beginning August 
15, 2007, with possibility of renewal. Experience teaching freshman 
composition and sophomore literature survey courses required. Experience 
and interest in teaching on-line or CAI courses preferred. Our 40+ 
member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees in a nationally ranked 
teaching and research urban university of 17,000 students. 4/4 
course 
load. Master’s degree in English required for instructorship; terminal degree 
required for Assistant Professor rank. Send letter, official transcripts, 
c.v., and 3 recent letters of recommendation to Search Committee, English 
Department, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, 
AL 35294-1260. Review of applications begins April 16 and continues 
until positions are filled. Visit us at www.uab.edu/english. 
UAB is an 
EO-AA employer 
and actively seeks applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R]

U of Incarnate Word

Humanities, Arts, & Soc Sciences, 4301 Broadway San Antonio 
TX 78209

Assistant Professor in English 2620

http://jobs.
uiw.edu

The University of the Incarnate Word invites applications for a full-time, 
tenure-track Assistant Professor in English to begin August 2007. PhD in 
English required completed by August 2007. Responsibilities: teaching 
Composition and World Literature. Preparation in African, East-Asian, 
South-Asian, and/or 
Latin/Central 
American Literature sought. Experience 
in editing, publishing, and producing a literary magazine is a plus.

UIW is a Catholic institution with a deep commitment to liberal arts and 
professional studies and excellence in teaching. We seek candidates with 
an ability to contribute meaningfully to a multicultural campus community, 
and who will integrate the Mission of the University into their 
teaching, scholarship and service. Members of ethnic minorities, women, 
Vietnam-era disabled veterans, persons of disability, and/or 
persons age 
40 and over are encouraged to apply.

Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled.

Submit application found at: http://jobs.
uiw.edu

U of North Alabama

English, Box 5050 Florence AL 35632

Instructor or Assistant Professor, English 2613

http://www.
una.edu

The University of North Alabama is accepting applications for the position 
of Instructor (ABD) or Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) in the Department 
of English for the 2007–2008 academic year, beginning in August. 
A doctorate in English is required for tenure-track appointment; ABD 
considered for temporary appointment at instructor rank, pending completion 
of doctorate by August 2008. We are seeking a flexible generalist 
with primary expertise/experience 
in English grammar, linguistics, 
and history of the language. Twentieth-century/
contemporary 
American 
literature is a desirable secondary area. Teaching assignments range from 
first-year composition (which all faculty teach) to advanced undergraduate 
and graduate courses in appropriate areas of expertise. The successful 
candidate is expected to demonstrate excellence in teaching, develop and 
maintain an active program of research, and participate in college service 
and student advising. College teaching experience is required. Send letter 
of interest, curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching interest, 
graduate and undergraduate transcripts (official transcripts needed before 
hiring) and three letters of reference to: Director of Human Resources 
and Affirmative Action, UNA Box 5043, University of North Alabama, 
Florence, AL 35632-0001. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and will continue until the position is filled. Visit our website at http://
www2.
una.edu/english 
for information about the department. [R]

U of North Carolina, Wilmington

English, 601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403

Visiting Assistant Professor or Lectureship 2622

http://www.
uncwil.edu/english


THIS POSITION HAS BEEN FILLED.

U of Vermont

English, 400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405

Director of Writing in the Disciplines 2826

http://uvm.
edu

Professor of Composition and Rhetoric/Writing 
in the Disciplines at 
the University of Vermont. Tenured Associate or Full Professorship with 
tenure home in the Department of English, to be assigned full time as a 
teacher of teachers who will create and lead the University’s new four-year 
writing in the disciplines initiative. May also choose to teach an occasional 
undergraduate course or M.A.-level seminar in English. The Director of 
Writing in the Disciplines reports to the Provost. Ph.D. in suitable area and 
published scholarship in composition and rhetoric as well as experience in 
writing in the disciplines and/or 
first-year programs required. This is an 
expedited search. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled; 
the committee will begin screening applications immediately.

Candidates must apply online at www.uvmjobs.com, attaching a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae with contact information for three 
references, and 20–30-page writing sample. Use position requisition 



number 031881 to find the posting on the website. Please do not send unsolicited 
materials via email or U.S. mail.

Direct inquiries to Professor Robyn R. Warhol, Search Committee 
Chair, Department of English, at robyn.warhol@uvm.edu.

The University of Vermont in Burlington, Vermont is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
The Department is committed to 
increasing faculty diversity and welcomes applications from women and 
underrepresented ethnic, racial and cultural groups and from people with 
disabilities. [R]

U of the Arts

Humanities, 320 S Broad St Philadelphia PA 19102

Full-Time Visiting Interactive Design professor position 2775

http://www.
uarts.edu

DESCRIPTION:

The University of the Arts Multimedia Department seeks candidates to 
fill a visiting designer position as an assistant or associate professor. Rank 
and salary will depend upon qualifications and experience.

The Multimedia department is home to UArts interdisciplinary curriculum 
for designers interested in interactive and installation design as well 
as, practical and entrepreneurial applications for the creative arts. Located 
in dynamic Center City Philadelphia, this program focuses on creating 
young media designers, not limited by traditional mediums of study and 
ready to excel in the wide variety of options open to creative individuals 
today. The curriculum offers web design and development, installation 
art, video and animation, media theory and research, in addition to 
easy access to the Universitys programs in liberal arts, music, and graphic 
design. Students develop critical thinking and creative problem-solving 
skills through a combination of studio practice, academic courses, and 
professional development.

For more information about the program: http://cmacweb.
org/dept
.cfm?sec=m

For more information about the position: http://uarts.
edu/contact/
jobs
.cfm

U of the Arts

Humanities, 320 S Broad St Philadelphia PA 19102

Full-Time Visiting Multi Media Theory professor position 2776

http://www.
uarts.edu

DESCRIPTION:

The University of the Arts Multimedia Department seeks candidates to 
fill a visiting position as an assistant or associate professor. Rank and salary 
will depend upon qualifications and experience. A focus in any of the 
following is of particular interest to the department: information theory, 
human computer interaction, game theory and contemporary art and 
design 
history.

The Multimedia department is home to UArts interdisciplinary curriculum 
for designers interested in interactive and installation as well as 
practical and entrepreneurial applications for the creative arts. Located 
in dynamic Center City Philadelphia, this program focuses on creating 
young artists not limited by traditional mediums of study and ready to 
excel in the wide variety of options open to creative individuals today. 
The curriculum offers web design and development, installation art, 
video and animation, media theory and research, in addition to easy access 
to the Universitys programs in liberal arts, music, and graphic design. 
Students develop critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills 
through a combination of studio practice, academic courses, and professional 
development

William Paterson U

English, 300 Pompton Rd Wayne NJ 07470

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 2832

http://ww2.
wpunj.edu

One Year Full-Time Appointment. Assistant Professor of English with a 
specialization in Creative Writing. Ph.D. preferred. M.F.A. considered. 
We seek a candidate to teach two undergraduate creative writing courses 
and two general education literature courses each semester. Relevant 
teaching experience and publications required. Familiarity with book 
and magazine editing desirable. Send letter, cv, and two letters of recommendation 
to Linda Hamalian, Chair, English Department, 300 Pompton 
Road, Wayne, NJ 07470. Tel: 973-720-2254. Email for inquiries only: 
hamalianl@wpunj.edu. [R]