Modern Language association 
J 
JJ
ob 
I 
II
nformation 
L 
LL
ist 
Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
English Edition • fEbruary 2011 
SubScription information 
The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The List 
is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all other areas; delivery 
should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are projected dates only and 
are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 
February issue 16 February 2011 
April issue 15 April 2011 
Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 
ContEnts 
accessing the Electronic JIL and subscription information ................................... inside front cover 
information for Candidates .................................................................................................................. i 
list of administrations Censured by the aauP ................................................................................ ii 
departmental Job listings 
US Colleges and Universities............................................................................................................... 1 
Canadian Institutions ......................................................................................................................... 75 
Overseas Institutions.......................................................................................................................... 77 
Postdoctoral Listings.......................................................................................................................... 83 


Information for Candidates 


In This Issue 

The February issue contains notices describing approximately 390 definite and possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by 
state, contains information on definite or possible vacancies and 
notices from depar tments that expect no vacancies but would 
nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquir y at this 
time. Send letters only to departments expressing an interest in a 
person with your qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies 
are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file 
of prospective candidates, you must decide in each case whether it 
is worthwhile to write. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, 
and other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement 
bureau to any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate 
a one-page vita sheet to enclose with any letters of application or 
inquir y. In your letter of application, it is probably wise to express 
a willingness to be interviewed at the department’s convenience. 
Professional meetings provide a convenient opportunity for such 
interviews. 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Sur veys 
indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language 
departments have begun recruiting by the end of December and 
that the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting 
process until spring, in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind 
of institution is most likely to find a position. Do not d iscount 
the small colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a 
wide selection of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates 
before or during the interview about prospects for tenure in the 
specific position under consideration and about the tenure policies 
and practices in their departments and institutions. If the in-
for mation is not offered, candidates are urged to inquire about 
these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for 
departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions 
either by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by 
applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The fol lowing pol icies were recom mended by the Delegate 
Assembly in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in Februar y 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

• 
Departments 
that 
require 
that 
job 
applicants 
send 
their 
application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants 
for the cost of such shipment; and 
• 
Departments 
that 
require 
multiple 
copies 
of 
writing 
samples 
and other application materials from job applicants reimburse 
applicants for the cost of duplicating their writing samples 
and other materials; and 

• 
Departments 
that 
require 
books 
will 
return 
them 
to 
the 
applicant; 
and 
• 
Departments 
that 
invite 
job 
applicants 
for 
on-campus 
interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations 
for the costs of travel and accommodations incur red when 
visiting the campus for inter views. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


List of Administr ations Censured 


by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the Amer ican Association of Universit y Professors 
of the administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as 
evidenced by a past violation, they are not obser ving the generally recognized 
principles of academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, 
the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and 
more than 150 other professional and educational organizations. The 
1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom and Tenure may be found 
in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote 
of the Association’s Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but 
specifically upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes 
the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. 
This censure does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership 

in the Association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the 
institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, 
in order to indicate their support of the pr inciples violated, to refrain 
from accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on 
the censure list. Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the 
Association does not asser t that such an unqualif ied obligation exists 
for its members; it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they 
seek information on present conditions of academic freedom and tenure 
from the Association’s Washington office and prospective departmental 
colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion of the individual, 
possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed 
below. Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe 
citations in parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be 
made to “Developments Relating to Censure by the Association” and 
to the “Report of Committee A,” each of which appears annua lly in 
Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1963 
Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1969 
Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1975 
Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28). . . . . . . . . . 1976 
State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1978 
Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . . . . 1978 
Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1980 
Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1982 
American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 

42–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1983 
Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 

23a–32a). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1984 
Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1986 
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . . . 1987 
Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 

(May-June 1989, 35–45) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1989 
The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . . 1990 
Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1993 
North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54– 64) . . . . 1993 
Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . . . . . . . . . 1993 
University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . . . . . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 

41–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1996 
Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . . . . . . 1997 
Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . . . . . . . . . 1998 
University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . . . . . . . 1998 
Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62). . . . . . . . . . 1998 
Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . . . 1999 
Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut) 

( January-February 2000, 54–63) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2000 
Charleston Southern University ( January-February 2001, 63–77). . . . . . . . 2001 
University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2002 
Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2005 
University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 
Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 

2004, 56–78) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2005 
Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) ( January-February 2007, 

60–68) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2007 
Bastyr University (Washington) (March-April 2007, 106–20) . . . . . . . . . . 2007 
University of New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 74–80) . . . . . . . 2007 
Loyola University New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 

88–100) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2007 
Tulane University (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 101–08) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2007 
Cedarville University (Ohio) (May–June 2009, 58–84) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
Nicholls State University (Louisiana) (November–December 2008,

 60–69). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
North Idaho College (Idaho) (May–June 2009, 85–92) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
Stillman College (Alabama) (March–April 2009, 94–101) . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2009 
Clark Atlanta University (February 2010) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2010 
University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston (April 2010) . . . . . . 2010 

ii 
ENGLISH EDITION 
• 
FEBRUARY 2011 



February 2011 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

AlAbAmA 
Huntingdon C 

Lang & Lit, 1500 E Fairview Av Montgomery AL 36106 

Assistant Professor of English 14270 

http://huntingdon.edu 
Huntingdon College, Montgomer y, Alabama, http://www.huntingdon 
.edu, is currently seeking applicants for Assistant Professor of English, 
with specialization in American Literature. This tenure track position begins 
August 2011. A Ph.D. in English Literature or a closely related field 
is required. Evidence of excellent college-level teaching experience is desired. 
The successful candidate shall be expected to teach four classes per 
semester (12 hours), including freshman composition and American literature 
at all levels. Additional duties include directing Senior Capstone 
projects; advising students academically & assisting them regarding graduate 
school & career opportunities; serving on committees & fulfilling administrative 
duties as assigned by the Dean of Faculty and/or Department 
Chair. Possibility of teaching in the college's accelerated evening degree-
completion program. Candidates should demonstrate a commitment to 
quality teaching in the liberal arts tradition, participation in professional 
organizations & development opportunities, and cultivation of profes


sional rapport with students, colleagues, & alumni in a small college environment. 
Send letter of application; a detailed curriculum vitae; three letters of 

reference; the names, addresses, phone numbers & email addresses for at 
least five professional references; a br ief statement of teaching philosophy; 
& copies of academic transcripts to: Dr. Kyle Fedler, Faculty Search 
(Eng l ish); Vice President for Academ ic A f f a irs and Dea n of Facu lt y; 
Huntingdon College; 1500 E. Fairview Avenue; Montgomer y, Alabama, 
36106-2148. Review of applications begins Januar y 24. 

U of Alabama, Birmingham 

English, HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 13963 

http://www.uab.edu/english/ 
Entry-level, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 
with specialization in professional writing and communication technologies. 
PhD in rhetoric and composition, professional communication, 
or related field must be completed by 15 August 2011 starting date. College-
level teaching experience required. Teaching duties include under


graduate and graduate courses in areas such as rhetoric and technology, 
digital communication and publishing, and composition. 3/3 course load. 
Our 40+ member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees in a nationally 
ranked teaching and research urban university of 17,000 students. Review 
of applications will begin on 22 November. Send letter and c.v. to 
Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Department of English, 
Universit y of A labama at Bir mingham, Birm ingham, A L 35294 -1260. 
Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our initial 
screening. Preliminary interviews at MLA. Visit us at www.uab.edu/en


glish. With a Carnegie Classification of Doctoral/Research Universities-
Extensive, UA B is an EO/A A employer and actively seeks applications 
from women and minority candidates. [R] 


U of Alabama, Huntsville 

English, Morton Hall, R m 222 301 Spark man Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor 14286 

http://www.uah.edu/colleges/liberal/english/index.php 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks an Assistant Professor in 
technical communication, beginning fall 2011. Ph.D. by time of appointment. 
The teaching load is five courses (3/2), reflecting a course release 
for directing and growing our graduate and undergraduate programs in 
technical com munication. Applicants should be interested in teaching 
first-year composition, sophomore business writing, and graduate classes 
in the theory and practice of technical communication. Knowledge of defense 
and aerospace industries and their writing, standards, and processes 
desirable. Send letter, vita and contact information for three references, 
including name, address, phone number and email address, by March 1, 
2011, to Dr. Daniel Schenker, Chair, Dept. of Eng lish, Univ. of A labama 
in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. The University of Alabama 
in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 


AlAsk A 
U of Alaska, Fairbanks 

English, PO Box 755720 Fairbanks AK 99775 

Assistant Professor, Tenure Track, in British Literature of the Long 
Eighteenth Century 14207 

http://www.uaf.edu/english 

Secondary specialty necessary but open. Course load is 3/2. Salary commensurate 
with experience. 
Founded in 1917, the University of Alaska Fairbanks is the flagship cam


pus of the University of Alaska System, and is a Land Grant, Sea Grant, 
and Space Grant institution. It is an ethnically diverse RU/H university 
in a beautiful rural northern setting. The MFA in Creative Writing program 
is rated within the top 100 in the United States. The University of 
Alaska Fairbanks is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action 
employer and educational institution. 

Applicant must hold a PhD in English or related field by June 2011 and 
present evidence of a current research program in the application materials. 


Applicants must submit the following by January 24, 2011: 
1) a letter of intent 
2) a curriculum vitae with names and contact information for three refer


ences 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Applicants who are advanced to the final review stage wil l be asked to 
provide a writing sample of up to 25 pages, three reference letters, and a 
statement of teaching philosophy. 

To apply for this position, go to https://www.uakjobs.com and click on 
"Create Application" link to select a User Name and Password and to create 
your application. Once you have completed this step you can begin 
applying for jobs on-line by clicking "Job Posting Search." The quick link 
for this position is www.uakjobs.com/applicants/Central?quickFind= 
72679. 

If you need assistance, please contact UAF Human Resources at 907-4747700 
between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Alaska Time, Monday 
through Friday. 

If you have questions about the position, please contact Dr. Richard Carr, 
Chair, English Department, phone (907) 474-7193 or e-mail faengl@uaf 
.edu. [R] 


U of Alaska, Fairbanks 

English, PO Box 755720 Fairbanks AK 99775 

Term Assistant Professor of En glish Language and Linguistics 14188 

http://www.uaf.edu/english 
Term Assistant Professor of English Language and Linguistics with secondar 
y expertise in medieval literature. The successful candidate will 
teach courses in traditional and modern grammar and applied linguistics 

as well as survey and specialty medieval courses. This is a one-year position 
with a 3/2 course load. Salary commensurate with experience. 
Founded in 1917, the University of Alaska Fairbanks is the flagship cam


pus of the University of Alaska System, and is a Land Grant, Sea Grant, 
and Space Grant institution. It is an ethnically diverse RU/H university 
in a beautiful rural northern setting. The MFA in Creative Writing program 
is rated within the top 100 in the United States. The University of 
Alaska Fairbanks is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action 
employer and educational institution. 

Applicant must hold a PhD in English or Linguistics with training in English 
by August 2011 and present evidence of a current research program. 
Applicants must submit the following by January 20, 2011: 

1) a letter of intent 
2) a curriculum vitae with names and contact information for three references 


Applicants who are advanced to the final review stage wil l be asked to 
provide a 25-page writing sample, three reference letters, and a statement 
of teaching philosophy. 

To apply for this position, go to https://w ww.uakjobs.com and click 
on "Create Application" link to select a User Name and Password and 
to create you r appl ication. Once you have completed th is step you 
can begin applying for jobs on-line by clicking "Job Posting Search." 
T he qu ick l i n k for t h i s posit ion i s w w w.ua kjob s .com /appl ica nt s/ 
Central?quickFind=72642 

If you need assistance, please contact UAF Human Resources at 907-4747700 
between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Alaska Time, Monday 
through Friday. 

If you have questions about the position, please contact Dr. Richard Carr, 
Chair, English Department, phone (907) 474-6361 or e-mail faengl@uaf 
.edu. [R] 


ArizonA 
Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe A Z 85287 

Lecturer 13861 

http://film.asu.edu/about 
Two Lecturers in Film and Media Studies 

The Film and Media Studies Program in the College of Liberal Arts and 
Sciences at Arizona State University announces two non-tenure Lecturer 
positions to begin August 16, 2011. 


Lecturer: A lecturer to teach four courses a semester in screenwriting and 
media studies at the lower and upper-division levels. This is a one-year 
appointment with the possibility of renewal. 


Required: earned doctorate or MFA in film and media studies or a related 
field and evidence of teaching experience in higher education. Those who 
expect to complete their doctorate by July 2011 are welcome to apply. 


Desired: exper ience in television wr iting and media aesthetics (visual 


style, narrative discourse, genre, or authorship). 
Lecturer: A lecturer to teach four courses a semester at the lower and up-
per-division levels. This is a one-year appointment. 


Required: earned doctorate or MFA in film and media studies or a related 
field and evidence of teaching experience in higher education. Those who 
expect to complete their doctorate by July 2011 are welcome to apply. 


Desired: experience in fields of animation, documentary, and/or global 


media. 
Application procedure: Materials must include 1) current curriculum vita; 
2) letter outlining teaching philosophy and a description of how appl icant’s 
experiences fit job description; 3) sample syllabus; 4) one writing 
sample; and 5) names, positions, and contact information of three references. 


Send materials to: Kiva James, Lecturer Search, kiva.james@ asu.edu. 
No faxes or regular mail accepted. Application deadline: November 15, 
2010. If not filled, then the 1st and 15th of each month thereafter until the 
search is closed. 


Background check is required for employment. Arizona State University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to excellence 
through diversity. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
A rizona State Universit y’s complete non-discr imination statement is 
available at: https://www.asu.edu/titleIX/<https://www.asu.edu/titleIX/ 
> 


Ar izona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe A Z 85287 

Assistant Professor in Phonology/Phonetics 

http://english.clas.asu.edu 
Arizona State University, Department of English 
Job Rank: Assistant Professor in Phonolog y/Phonetics with an emphasis 

in Prosody. Required: Ph.D. in Linguistics or a related discipline; college-
level teaching experience; and evidence of compelling record of ongoing, 
high quality research and publication in Phonology/Phonetics including 
Prosody. 

Teach ing load 2/2 for tenure -track f acu lt y w ith sig n if icant research 
agenda. Teaching opportunities at undergraduate, Master’s, and PhD levels. 
Candidates expected to teach courses on phonology and phonetics. 
Candidate contributes to teaching in existing programs and develop new 
programs. 

The appointment in Department of English (http://www.asu.edu/clas/ 
english). Arizona State University is a large metropolitan university with 
linguistics programs housed in various departments. 

Applicants must send: Applicant must subm it letter of application, CV, 
Writing sample(s) of published work, and contact information of three 
professional references electronically to: https://academicjobsonline.org/ 
ajo/ASU/ Depar tmentof Eng lish. Application Deadline: November 9, 
2010; if not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. 
All applications acknowledged. Background check required for employment. 
Arizona State University is an equal employment/affirmative action 
employer committed to excellence through diversity. Women and minorities 
encouraged to apply. 

2 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe A Z 85287 

Assistant Professor Digital Culture 13860 

http://film.asu.edu/about 
The Film and Media Studies Program in the College of Liberal Arts and 
Sciences at Arizona State University announces one tenure-track, Assistant 
Professor position in Digital Culture to begin August 16, 2011. We 
are interested in scholars who bridge the gap between critical and cre


ative studies as well as those who have an interest in developing grant and 
funded projects. 
Required: an earned doctorate in film and media studies or a related dis


cipline, a demonstrated record of scholarly promise or achievement, and 
evidence of teaching experience in higher education. Candidates must be 
qualified to teach in the core curriculum of the Program, including Introduction 
to New Media, as well as at the upper-division and graduate 
levels in their areas of specialty. Those who expect to complete their doctorate 
by July 2011 are welcome to apply. 


Desired: areas of specialty in social media, mobile media, and/or video 


games. 
Application procedure: Materials must include 1) current curriculum vita; 
2) letter outlining research interests and research plan, teaching philosophy, 
and description of how applicant’s experiences fit job description; 
3) syllabus for course in digital culture; 4) t wo wr iting samples; and 5) 
names, positions, and contact information of three references. 


Send materials to: K iva James, Asst. Prof. Search, kiva.james@asu.edu. 
No faxes or regular mail accepted. Application deadline: November 15, 
2010. If not filled, then the 1st and 15th of each month thereafter until the 
search is closed. 


Background check is required for employment. Arizona State University 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to excellence 
through diversity. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
A rizona State Universit y’s complete non-discr imination statement is 
available at: https://www.asu.edu/titleIX/ [R] 


Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe A Z 85287 

Instructor in Composition and Rhetoric 13807 

http://english.clas.asu.edu 
Instructor in Composition and Rhetoric 
Required: MA in Rhetoric and Composition or related discipline; dem


onstrated post-secondary teaching experience in composition. 
Desired: Evidence of graduate coursework in Rhetoric and Composition 
if degree in related discipline; Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition 
or related discipline; evidence of effective teaching in a variety of undergraduate 
writing courses, such as developmental, FYC, advanced composition, 
professional writing, multimedia composing, and second language 
writing; evidence of attendance/presentations at Rhetoric/Composition 

professional conferences or other significant professional development activities. 
General Information: Teach four courses/semester in Rhetoric and Com


position. Nine-month appointment. 
Subm it: Letter of application; vita; 1 page statement of teaching philosophy; 
3 letters of recommendation about teaching abilit y; unofficial 
graduate transcripts; and summary of recent teaching evaluations or other 
evidence of teaching effectiveness. Deadline: December 1, 2010; if not 
filled, the first of the month thereafter until search is closed. Search closes 
no later than August 1, 2011. Applicants must send materials electronically 
to: https://academicjobsonline .org/ajo/ASU/Departmentof English. ASU 
is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and is committed to 
excellence through diversity. Women and minorities encouraged to apply. 
A background check required for employment. 

Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe A Z 85287 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Indigenous American Literature 13762 

http://english.clas.asu.edu 
Assistant or Associate Professor of Indigenous American Literatures 
Assistant or Associate Professor of Indigenous American Literatures 
Requ ired: Ph.D. in Eng l ish, A mer ican Ind ia n St ud ies, Compar at ive 

Cultural Studies, or related discipline; demonstrated excellent record 
of college-level teaching; sustained research and active research agenda; 
graduate student research mentoring. 

Desired: Scholarship in decolonization and transnationality. 
Teaching Load: 2/2, with active research. Appointment in the Department 
of English, located in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, with 

col laborative oppor tunities in Amer ican Indian Studies Program and 
other affiliate programs. 
Applicants must send: Cover letter, vita, and three letters of recommenda


tion electronically to: https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/asu/English 
(No Faxes or e-mails accepted)Application Deadline: November 9, 2010, 
or weekly thereafter until search is closed. Reading of applications will 
beg in a week after deadline. A l l applications acknowledged. A background 
check is required for employment. Arizona State University is an 
equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to excellence 
through diversity. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


Northern Arizona U 

English, PO Box 6032 Flagstaff AZ 86011 

Lecturer in pre-20th-Century U.S. literature 14097 

http://hr.nau.edu/node/2796&job_req=558582 
Northern Arizona University seeks applicants for a full-time lecturer in 
pre-20th-Centur y U.S. literature, beginning in Fall 2011. The expected 
teaching load is 4/4, including (at the undergraduate level) such courses 
as Survey of American Literature from Colonial Times to 1865, Survey 
of American Literature from 1865-present, American Poetry, and seminars 
and graduate courses in 19th-Centur y A merican literature. Min i-
mum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English with a completed dissertation in 
pre-20th-Century American literature by date of employment. Preferred 
Qualifications: A record of successful experiences teaching undergraduate 
literature; evidence of potential for graduate instruction and mentoring; 
research and publication activity in the field; course development in the 
candidate’s area of specialization; ability to work well with a diverse student 
body. Northern Arizona University requires satisfactory results for 
the following: a criminal background investigation, an employment his-
tor y verification and a degree verification (in some cases) prior to employment. 
You may also be required to complete a fi ngerpr int background 
check. Salar y: $40,000 to $41,000 per academ ic year, plus benefits. To 
apply, please send a letter of interest, short writing sample, curr iculum 
vitae, academic transcript, letters from three academic references, and, if 
available, sample syllabi, and evidence of effective teaching. The review of 
applications will begin on December 20, 2010, and continue until the position 
is filled. Please send applications to: Ms. Beverly Cleland, American 
Literature Search Committee, English Depar tment, Norther n A rizona 


University, Box 6032, Flagstaff, AZ 86011-6032. NAU is an EO/AA Institution. 
http://hr.nau.edu/node/2796&job_req=558582 
http://www.cal.nau.edu/english/ 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Pima Comm Coll District 

Human Resources/Employment Office, 4905D East Broadway Suite 
102 Tucson A Z 85709 

Wr iting Faculty 14195 

http://apptrkr.com/170710 
Pima Com munit y College (PCC) opens its doors to more than 75,000 
credit and non-credit students each year. Six campuses offer universit y 
transfer programs, occupational, developmental and general education, 
and corporate training and community education courses. Tucson is located 
in a desert valley surrounded by four mountain ranges in Southeastern 
Arizona at an elevation of 2,000 feet. A multicultural, southwestern 


city with more than 957,000 people, it is renowned for its rich heritage 
and superb weather. 
Writing Faculty 
Closing Date/Time: Wed. 01/19/11 11:59 PM Mountain Time 
Pima Community College Writing Faculty help students learn to com


municate effectively through the written word by providing courses that 
focus on a ll aspects of wr iting including gram mar, arg ument, textual 
analysis, research skills, poetr y and short stor ies, business wr iting, creative, 
nonfiction, critical analysis of literature, and more. Writing courses 
are also offered for those who are not native speakers of English. 


Writing courses are offered as part of the requirements of the AGEC and 
the Associate of Arts (AA) degree. They may be taken as an A A Creative 
Wr iting Concentration, as elective courses or as required to complete 
other degrees. 


Positions are available beginning dur ing the 2011–12 academ ic year as 
nine-month instruction contracts at the Community and Deser t Vista 
Campus locations. 


SALARY: Initial salar y placement is based on education and experience. 
The salar y range starts from $42,588 for the minimum qualifications up 
to $59,624 for a doctorate degree and more than twelve years of experience 
(based on the faculty salar y schedule for fiscal year 2010/2011) for a 
nine-month academic year contract (169 days of accountability). 


Preferences: One position has an emphasis in online and hybrid/blended 
deliver y, curriculum development, and course design. One position has 
an emphasis on developmental education. 


Job Requirements: 


Minimum Qualifications for faculty positions are governed by our Faculty 
Certification Standards. 
This position is in an Academic discipline and requires the following: 
Master’s degree in English, rhetoric and composition, literature, creative 


writing or related field or 


Master’s degree in any teaching field with 18 graduate semester hours in 
the teaching field 
A doctorate is preferred 
Unofficial transcripts for all post-secondar y education MUST be attached 


to the online application even if they have been submitted in the past. 


Transcript must show the name of the accredited institution and the degree 
conferred 
If degree is not yet conferred, indicate on the application the anticipated 


date of completion of degree requirements 
Applicants with foreign transcripts must provide the evaluation for equiv


alency. For a Pima Community College-approved list of transcript evaluation 
agencies, please click here to be redirected to the web page 
Applicants currently in progress for a degree or additional semester hours 


to meet the minimum qualifications must have the degree conferred and/ 
or semester hours completed by December 31, 2010. Updated of f icial 
transcripts are required to confirm credentials. 


Application and complete job announcement may be downloaded at 
http://apptrkr.com/170710 
Pima County Community College District 
Human Resources, Employment Office 


4905D East Broadway, Suite 102 
Tucson, AZ 85709-1180 
Tol l Free 1–877-PIM AJOB; Phone (520) 206 -4624; TT Y (520) 206 


4852; FAX (520) 206-4662 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 

Pima Comm Coll District 

Human Resources/Employment Office, 4905D East Broadway Suite 
102 Tucson A Z 85709 

Reading Faculty 14194 

http://apptrkr.com/170667 
Pima Com munit y College (PCC) opens its doors to more than 75,000 
credit and non-credit students each year. Six campuses offer universit y 
transfer programs, occupational, developmental and general education, 
and corporate training and community education courses. Tucson is lo


cated in a desert valley surrounded by four mountain ranges in Southeastern 
Arizona at an elevation of 2,000 feet. 
Reading Faculty 
Pima Community College Reading Faculty help students gain a variety 

of reading strategies and techniques that will enable them to succeed in 
college-level courses. Such reading techniques include but are not limited 
to vocabulary comprehension and development, developmental-and 
college-level reading comprehension, developmental and advanced study 
strategies, information literacy, and metacognition. 

SALARY: Initial salar y placement is based on education and experience. 
The salar y range starts from $42,588 for the minimum qualifications up 
to $59,624 for a doctorate degree and more than twelve years of experience 
(based on the faculty salar y schedule for fiscal year 2010/2011) for a 
nine-month academic year contract (169 days of accountability). 

Duties and Responsibilities: 
Teach a broad range of courses in the discipline or subject area 
Use a wide range of deliver y systems, such as lecture, lecture/ lab, self-

paced, independent or individualized instruction, Inter net, flex, openentry/
open-exit, and other alternatives 
Meet with students regarding academic success 
Evaluate student performance 

Provide academic advising 
Evaluate and revise course outlines, course materials, and instructional 
methods 

Participate in curriculum design 

Build community relations and develop the program at the campus and 
the College 
Maintain competency and currency in the discipline taught as well as in 

teach strategies and assessment methods 
Mentor adjunct faculty 
Ser ve as a member of the depar tment and represent the department on 

College-wide committees 
Perform other professional duties 
Teach a flexible schedule that could include day, evening, and weekend 

classes 
Provide leadership in academic matters 
The successful candidate will have experience with the following: 
Student learning styles: adapt and modify based on the population of stu


dents 
Assessment instruments and their interpretation: understand how assess


ment information will be used to improve institutional programs and services 
Evaluation of a student’s educational progress: hold students responsible 

for learning and being able to perform the material 

4 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Techniques for academic advising: understand the myr iad of resources 
available through student development and help students sort through 
problems 


Current issues, trends, advances, research, and practices impacting the discipline 
Develop and promote a richly diverse student body 


Job Requirements: 
Minimum Qualifications for faculty positions are governed by our Faculty 
Certification Standards. 


This position is in an Academic discipline and requires the following: 
Master’s degree in the discipline or related field or 
Master’s degree in any teaching field with 18 graduate semester hours in 


the teaching field 
A doctorate is preferred. 
Unofficial transcripts for all post-secondar y education MUST be attached 


to the online application even if they have been submitted in the past. 
Application and complete job announcement may be downloaded at 
http://apptrkr.com/170667 
Pima County Community College District 
Human Resources, Employment Office 
4905D East Broadway, Suite 102 
Tucson, AZ 85709-1180 
Tol l Free 1–877-PIM AJOB; Phone (520) 206 -4624; TT Y (520) 206 


4852; FAX (520) 206-4662 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 


U of Arizona 

English, PO Box 210067 1423 E Universit y Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor 14208 

http://www.arizona.edu/ 
The Creative Writing Program of the Department of English at the University 
of Arizona invites applications and nominations for a tenure-eligi


ble advanced assistant professor or tenured associate professor in creative 
nonfiction/environmental writing, to start August 2011. 
We seek an outstanding writer with significant publications and demon


strated excellence as a teacher to work with students at the graduate and 
undergraduate level in the creative writing program and in other English 
programs such as Literature or Rhetoric, Composition, and the Teaching 
of English, if appropriate. Publications must include at least one book 
from a reputable press. A secondary expertise in poetr y or fiction is also 
welcome, but not required. 

For full details and online application, see posting at www.uacareertrack 
.com (cite job #46641). Review of complete applications will begin on 
January 3, 2011 and continue until the position is filled. 

The University of Arizona is an EEO/A A Employer M/W/D/V. [R] 


Ark AnsAs 
U of Arkansas, Fayetteville 

English, 333 K impel Hall Fayetteville AR 72701 

Assistant Professor of English 14206 

http://www.uark.edu/depts/english/ 
The Depar tment of English at the Universit y of Arkansas is seeking to 
hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Medieval literature with a strong 
interest in linguistics and/or rhetoric. Salary is competitive; teaching load 
is two courses per semester. Qualifications include a completed Ph.D., 
evidence of excel lence in teaching, and the prom ise of ongoing scholarly 
production. A letter of application, vita, and a full dossier including 
a wr iting sample, letters of recommendation, and a ll other suppor ting 

materials should be sent to Professor William A. Quinn <wquinn@uark 
.edu>, Department of English, Kimpel Hall 333, University of Arkansas, 
Fayetteville, AR 72701. Electronic applications are welcome. The application 
deadline is January 21. 

The University of Arkansas is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
institution. Women and minor ities are especia l ly encouraged to apply. 
The University of Arkansas is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
institution. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. All applicants 
are subject to public disclosure under the Arkansas Freedom of Information 
Act and persons hired must have proof of legal authority to work in 
the United States. [R] 


U of Arkansas, Fayetteville 

English, 333 K impel Hall Fayetteville AR 72701 

Associate Professor—Director of Composition. 13913 

http://www.uark.edu/depts/english/ 
The Depar tment of English at the Universit y of Arkansas is seeking to 
hire a Director of Composition at the Associate Professor level with tenure. 
This is a twelve-month, full-time position that involves supervision 
of the department’s composition program as well as the supervision and 
mentoring of roughly eighty teaching assistants. Qualifications include a 
completed Ph.D., significant administrative experience as a director or associate 
director of a program in composition/rhetoric, significant research 

in the field, and excellence in teaching. Inter views will be conducted at 
the MLA Convention in Januar y. 
The University of Arkansas is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 

institution. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. A letter of 
application, vita, letters of recommendation, and a full dossier including 
all supporting materials should be sent to Joseph Candido, Chair, Department 
of English, Kimpel Hall 333, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, 
AR 72701. The application deadline is December 15. [R] 


U of Central Arkansas 

Department of Writing, 201 Donaghey Avenue Conway AR 72035 

Assistant Professor of Writing 13855 

http://www.uca.edu/writing 
University of Central Arkansas 
Assistant Professor of Writing 
The Department of Writing invites applications for two tenure-track, as


sistant professor positions beginning August 2011. 
Position #1: Responsibilities include teaching advanced courses in rhetoric 
and composition and/or technical communication as well as courses 
in general education writing. In addition to strong experience teaching 
general education writing, the successful candidate should have expertise 
in writing with technology and teaching writing with technologies. 
The candidate should also have the capacity to teach, research, advise, and 
provide leadership. Preference will be given to candidates who also have 
training and experience in technical communication, grant writing, and/ 
or other professional writing. – Minimum Qualifications: College writ


ing teaching experience and a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, Technical 
Communication, or closely related field. 
Position #2: The successful candidate should be a specialist in rhetoric 

and composition with a pr imar y interest in technica l commun ication. 
Responsibilities include teaching technical writing and general education 
writing courses and developing projects supporting technical communication 
and rhetoric and composition. Professional experience as a technical 
communicator will be highly considered. The successful candidate 
should have the capacity to teach, research, advise, and provide leadership. 

– Minimum Qualifications: College writing teaching experience, experience 
in technical communication, and a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, 
Technical Communication, or closely related field. 
Application: Review of applications begins December 3, 2010 and will 
continue until fi l led. Electronic submission of materials is encouraged. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Candidates should submit a cover letter describing interest, experience, 
and teaching philosophy; curriculum vitae; and contact information for 
five references to: 

Dr. Scott Payne, Chair 
Department of Writing 
College of Fine Arts and Communication 
University of Central Arkansas 
201 Donaghey Avenue, Thompson 308 
Conway, AR 72035 
Email: spayne@uca.edu 
AA/EOE [R] 


U of Central Arkansas 

English, 201 Donaghey Av Conway AR 72035 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 13835 

http://www.uca.edu/ 
The University of Central Arkansas English Department seeks qualified 
applicants for a tenure-track generalist in American literature at the assistant 
professor level, to begin in Fall 2011. The successful candidate may 
have a specialization in any aspect of American literature. Teaching load 
will usually consist of general education courses in literature (including 
world literature), with occasional sophomore level surveys or courses in 


the candidate’s field. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in English in hand 
before July 2011. 
Other responsibilities of this position will include service responsibilities 


in the English department. Submit a letter of application, vita, three letters 
of recommendation, and official transcripts to 
Jay Ruud, Chair 
Department of English 
University of Central Arkansas 
201 Donaghey Ave. 
Conway, AR 72035 
JRuud@uca.edu 


Applications should be received by Januar y 15, 2011. 
UCA is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. This position 
is pending funding approval. [R] 


U of the Ozarks 

Humanities & Fine Arts, 415 College Av Clarksville AR 72830 

Assistant Professor of English 13971 

http://www.ozarks.edu 
Ph.D. in English (in hand or near completion), generalist w ith specialization 
in eighteenth-or nineteenth-century British literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with teaching expertise in composition and 
literature. This tenure-track position begins in fall 2010. We seek candidates 
with a strong commitment to teaching excellence and to student 
engagement. The normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per semester, 
including some combination of composition sections and literature 
courses (a course for non-majors or an upper-level literature course 
in eighteenth-or nineteenth-centur y Br itish literature). Send letter of 
appl ication, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of 
reference, at least one of which addresses teaching ability, by 17 December 
2010 to Dr. Daniel Taddie, Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs 
and Dean of the Faculty, University of the Ozarks, 415 N. College Ave., 
Clarksville, AR 72830. E-mail application with MS-Word attachments 
to cwalker@ozarks.edu. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at 
MLA. Ozarks is a private, liberal arts college affi liated with the Presbyterian 
Church USA and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


CAlifor niA 
Biola U 

English, 13800 Biola Av La Mirada CA 90639 

Honors Program Faculty 14087 

http://www.biola.edu 
Torrey Honors Institute-Tenure-track position 
Responsibilities: 
*Teaching an established great books curriculum to undergraduate hon


ors students. The teaching load is eight courses per year, the course con


tent is interdisciplinary, and the required pedagogy is Socratic. 
*Mentoring students in their general education, college life, and spiritual 
development. 


*Maintaining a profile of scholarly publishing and communication. 
Qualifications: 
Candidate must hold Ph.D. or terminal equivalent in any field that is cen


tral to the humanities, e.g, Modern Languages, Engl ish, Comparative 
Literature, History, Political Science, or Philosophy and New Testament. 
The successful candidate must also give evidence of having sustained a 
lively academic interest in a variety of fields beyond that specialty, a desire 
to pursue further intellectual development in a range of disciplines, a love 
of liberal arts education, a sophisticated approach to integrating Christian 
truth claims with all university disciplines, and an ability to think fast in 
seminar discussion. Biola is committed to diversity and seeks faculty who 
can contribute to multicultural understandings. 


Profile: 
Biola is an evangelical protestant university in which faculty endorse the 
University Doctrinal Statement, adhere to the Standard of Conduct, and 
are committed to integration of faith and learning. Biola serves a student 
body of over 5,700 undergraduate and graduate students and is accredited 
by WASC. Torrey Honors Institute delivers thirty units of liberal arts 


general education and thirty units of Bible and theology to honors students. 
See http://www.biola.edu/academics/torrey/for details. 
Application Process: 
Position begins Fall 2011, open until filled. Please send an application let


ter and curriculum vita in an electronic pdf format addressed to the Vice 
Provost for Undergraduate Education via shirley.sims@biola.edu. Mailing 
address: Biola University, 13800 Biola Avenue, La Mirada, CA 90639. 
Phone-562.777.4016; fax-562.903.4761. [R] 


California Inst of the Ar ts 

School of Critical Studies, 24700 McBean Parkway Valencia CA 91355 

Dean, School of Critical Studies 13970 

http://www.calarts.edu 
California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) 
California Institute of the Arts (CalArts), a comprehensive college for the 

visual and per forming arts, is accepting applications for the position of 
Dean, Critical Studies to oversee the Institute’s underg raduate general 
studies program. This program provides 40% of the curriculum to approximately 
900 students enrolled in the B.F.A. programs of the Institute’s 
five other Schools: A rt, Dance, Film/ Video, Music and Theater. 
CalA rts is dedicated to the integration of cr itical thinking and artistic 
practice, and the School of Critical Studies plays a pivotal role in the intellectual 
life of the Institute and the advancement of critically informed art 
making. The dean also works closely with the directors of the School’s 
two graduate programs – the M.F.A. Program in Writing and the M.A. 
Program in Aesthetics and Politics – and supports both programs’ strategic 
growth. 

The successful candidate should demonstrate an innovative approach to 
the relations bet ween contemporar y arts (per form ing, visual and literary) 
and critical theory and should have a distinguished career in the Arts, 
Humanities, Cultural Studies or Social Sciences, with significant publi


6 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



cations and administrative experience commensurate with a senior-level 
appointment. S/he should demonstrate a capacity to lead in the development 
and coordination of an interdisciplinary curriculum responsive to 
a diverse student body. This involves working closely with the Critical 
Studies faculty, as well as with a faculty of artists and scholars throughout 
the Institute; with the Office of the Provost; with the central administrative 
offices; with the Assistant Dean of the Teaching and Learning Center; 
and with the deans of the other Schools. The dean is expected to serve as 
a strong advocate for the School and its faculty, representing the School 
both within the Institute and in a public capacity. A terminal degree is 
required; a Ph.D. is preferred. 

Inter views will take place in early spring 2011, with an anticipated appointment 
date of July 1, 2011. Candidates should send a letter, CV, recent 
publication sample and the names/contact information for five references 
to the Critica l Studies Dean Search Comm ittee, Office of the Provost, 
California Institute of the Arts, 24700 McBean Parkway, Valencia, CA 
91355. CalArts is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). For a complete 
position specification, please see www.calarts.edu/employment. [R] 


California SU, Northridge 

English, 18111 Nordhoff St Sierra Tower R m 702 Northridge CA 91330 

Assistant Professor: Af rican American Literature and Culture 14083 

http://www.csun.edu/english/ 

Tenure track. PhD in English; or African American or Black Studies; or 
Amer ican Studies; the deg ree to be awarded prior to August 17, 2011. 
We especially seek candidates specializing in 18th-19th Centur y and/or 
contemporar y African A merican literature; Afr ican A merican literar y 
criticism and theory; African American genres, including oral traditions. 
Desirable supporting areas may include women and gender studies, postcolonial 
studies, diaspora/migration studies, cultural studies. Specialists in 
Pan-African literatures will be considered if one or more of the primar y 
areas of specialization are met. Successful candidate should expect to teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses in area of specialization, as well as 
general education courses. Evidence of teaching effectiveness required; 
publication desirable. Standard teaching load is 4/4, although competition-
based reassigned time is normally available. Applicants should demonstrate 
a commitment to working at a Lear ning-Centered Universit y 
with a racially, ethnically, and culturally diverse student population drawn 
largely from the Los Angeles area. Please review full job announcement 
on the depar tment website. Inter views at MLA. Send letter of application, 
c.v., brief writing sample, dossier to Dr. Anthony Dawahare, Search 
Com m ittee Cha ir; Depar t ment of Engl ish; CSU N; Nor th r idge, CA 
91330-8248. Initial consideration given to applications received by December 
15, 2010, although position open until filled. CSUN is an EO/ 
AA employer 

California SU, San Marcos 

Lit & Writing Studies, 333 S Twin Oak s Valley Rd San Marcos CA 
92096 

Tenure Track Adv Asst/Assoc Professor-Writing Program/Rhetoric & 
Composition 14274 

http://www.csusm.edu/facultyopportunities 
Direct CSUSM’s first-year writing program and teach undergraduate and 

M.A. courses in Rhetoric and Composition and Writing Theor y/Pedagogy, 
beginning fall 2011. Ph.D. or dissertation in Rhet/Comp or Writing 
strongly preferred; should have significant, long-term experience as 
writing program administrator and publications in field. Will participate 
actively in campus governance, advocate for the writing program at the 
college and universit y levels, and teach in genera l education program. 
The Department has a strong Cultural Studies emphasis and interest in 
digital rhetor ic. CSUSM (in San Diego Count y) is an A ffi rmative Action/
Equal Opportunit y/Title IX Employer with a strong commitment 
to the principles of diversity, seeking a broad spectrum of candidates in 
terms of race, sexual orientation/identity, gender, age, and disability/veteran 
status. Letter of application, vita with references, narrative of writing 
program philosophy and successes, writing sample by 2–15–11 for best 
consideration; open until f il led. Position pending budgetar y approval. 
Apply at http://www.csusm.edu/facultyopportunities (website available 
after 1/16/11). [R] 


California SU, San Marcos 

Lit & Writing Studies, 333 S Twin Oak s Valley Rd San Marcos CA 
92096 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor-Early U. S. Literature 14273 

http://www.csusm.edu/facultyopportunities 
Must be able to teach Colonia l per iod through A merican Renaissance. 
Subspecialty in Native American texts desirable. Must be willing to teach 
in general education program. Ph.D. required. Begins Fall 2011. CSUSM 
(in San Diego County) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Title 
IX Employer with a strong com mitment to the pr inciples of diversit y, 
seeking a broad spectrum of candidates in terms of race, sexual orientation/
identity, gender, age, and disability/veteran status. Letter of application, 
vita with references, narrative of teaching philosophy and successes, 
writing sample by 2–15–11 for best consideration; open until filled. Position 
pending budgetary approval. Apply at http://www.csusm.edu/facultyopportunities 
(website available after 1/16/11). [R] 


Citr us C 

Lang Arts, 1000 W Foothill Blvd Glendora CA 91741 

English Instructor (Basic Skills Focus) 13800 

http://apptrkr.com/162936 
Citrus Community College 
English Instructor (Basic Skills Focus) 
(Two Full-Time Tenure Track to begin Spring 2011) 
Posting Number: 0600189 
Closing Date: 11–10–2010 
Department/Division: LA (English) 
Funding: District Funded 
Job Category: Faculty 
Assignment: Full-Time 
Months per Year: 10 months (175 days) 
Placement/Range: 
Salar y to be determined by the candidate's proper placement on the cur


rent Faculty Salary Schedule which is based on education and experience, 
and can be found at the 
A Complete Application Packet Includes: 


1. Resume 
2. Transcripts 
Optional Applicant Documents: 
Cover Letter 
Licenses and Certificates 
POSITION SUMMARY: 
These 10-month (175 days), full-time tenure track assignments may include 
instruction in a variety of Basic Skills English courses. The assignments 
and schedules, as deter m ined by the Distr ict, may consist of day 
and/or evening classes. Voluntar y inclusion of Saturday courses in full-
time load may decrease work week from a five-to a four-day schedule. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
Demonstrated sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, 
socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community 
college students AND Master's Degree in English, Literature, Comparative 
Literature, or Composition OR Bachelor's degree in any of the 
above AND Master's Deg ree in Ling uistics, TESL, Speech, Education 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


with a specialization in Reading, Creative Writing or Jour nalism OR 
the equivalent. (It is the candidate's responsibility to provide conclusive 
evidence and justification for equivalency.) OR A California Community 
College LIFE Instructor credential to teach English. 


REQUIR ED LOCAL QUALIFICATIONS: 


Earned degree received from an accredited institution or an equivalent 
foreign institution by the screening date. 
Foreign transcripts transcribed in English and evaluated for U.S. equiva


lency by a bonafide evaluation service. 


Evidence of ability to communicate effectively, in English, with a diverse 
population both orally and in writing. 
Evidence of interest in working in the community college setting. 
Evidence of ability to work effectively as a member of the instructional 


team. 


Evidence of willingness to embrace/promote use of technology-mediated 
instructional techniques. 
For more information and to apply, visit: http://apptrkr.com/162936 
EOE jeid-838d5ba042b3ae484df 2f285a886cb2a 


Foothill C 

Lang Arts Div, 12345 El Monte Rd Los A ltos Hills CA 94022 

Librar ian 14192 

http://apptrkr.com/170573 
Foothill-De Anza Community College District 
Librarian 
Job # 11– 059 
Duties and Responsibilities 
The Foothill-De Anza Community College District is currently accept


ing applications for the faculty position of Librarian, Foothill College. 


DU T I E S A N D R E SPON SI BI LI T I E S OF TH E POSIT ION I N CLUDE: 
Foothill College is seeking a dynamic, energetic, and innovative librar


ian who will work as part of a team of librarians to shape the vision and 
direction of the librar y. This position will work with the Dean of Language 
Arts and Learning Resource Center to help coordinate the daily 
operations of the college library and be primarily responsible for strategic 
planning, program review, and budgeting. Standard duties of all librarians 
include staffing the reference desk, serving as a liaison to one or more 
academic divisions, participating in library instruction and the selection of 
library materials, and attending division meetings. Additionally, the job 
provides opportunities for professional growth and service to the college 
and the Distr ict. Facilitate communication among Learning Resource 
Center facult y and staff, including scheduling and moderating division 
meetings. Coordinate with the library's circulation staff to hire student 
workers and to ensure the effective and efficient operation of the circulation/
reser ve desk. When necessar y, assist in resolving conf licts with 
members of the public. Work with other librarians to schedule coverage at 
the reference desk. Coordinate the interviewing and training of part-time 
librarians. Represent the college at meetings of the statewide Council of 
Chief Librarians. 


Conditions 


HIRING RANGE: $57,904-$95,099 annually plus benefits; actual placement 
is based on applicant's verified education and experience. 
TER MS OF EMPLOYMENT: Full-time, Tenure-track position, 11 


months per year. 
STARTING DATE: Fall 2011 
Persons with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to com


plete the employment process must notify Employment Services no later 


than the closing date of the announcement. 
The successful applicant will be required to provide proof of authorization 
to work in the U.S. 


The Foothill-De Anza Community College District does not reimburse 
applicants for travel, lodging or any other costs incurred by applicant to 
attend interviews. All interviewing costs incurred will be the responsibility 
of the applicant. 

For more information about our application process contact: 
Employment Services 
Foothill-De Anza Community College District 
12345 El Monte Road 
Los Altos Hills, California 94022 

(650) 949-6217 
Email: employment@f hda.edu 
http://www.f hda.edu 
*This position wil l become Open Until Filled after the initial Closing 
Date. Any complete applications received while the position is Open 
Until Filled will be reviewed by the hiring committee only upon committee 
request. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 

1. Understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, 
socio-economic, ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds, disability, 
and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty and staff. 
2. Master's in librar y science, or library and information science, OR the 
equivalent. 
Campus: Foothill 
Terms: 11 Month 
Department: Language Arts 
Salar y: $57,904-$95,099 
Job Close Date: 01–14–2011 
Union Type: Faculty Association 
Schedule: Full Time 
Regular: Tenure-Track 
To apply, please visit: http://apptrkr.com/170573 
EOE jeid-ce53ed8fce87bc8813909e3eeaadf602 

Foothill C 

Lang Arts Div, 12345 El Monte Rd Los A ltos Hills CA 94022 

ESL Composition Instructor 

http://apptrkr.com/165725 
Foothill-De Anza Community College District 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 
Foothill College 
ESL Composition Instructor 
Job #11–048 
*Closing Date: 01/07/2011 
The Foothill-De Anza Community College District is currently accept


ing applications for the faculty position of ESL Composition Instructor at 


Foothill College. 
DU T I E S A N D R E SPON SI BI LI T I E S OF TH E POSIT ION I N CLUDE: 


Teach advanced and col lege-level ESL composition courses, although 
other ESL courses may be assigned. Assignment may include evening 
classes. Participate in ESL Department activities such as curriculum development, 
evaluation of placement exams, and selection of texts. Standard 
duties expected of all faculty include development and evaluation of 
curricula, maintaining scheduled office hours, attendance at department 
and division meetings, pursuing professional growth activities, and performing 
other duties consistent with the role of an instructor. Instructors 
also have the opportunity to serve on District and college committees and 
participate in campus extra-curricular activities. 


We seek faculty members who are themselves the life-long learners and 
independent thinkers we wish our students to become. We are looking 


8 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



for educators who are creative and responsible in their use of time and 
resources, who possess a clear vision for creating a democratic learning 
environment and who can translate that vision into practice. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 

1. Understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, 
socio-econom ic, ethnic, cultural, disability, religious background and 
sexual orientation of community college students. 
2. Master’s in TESL, TESOL, applied linguistics with TESL emphasis, 
linguistics with a TESL emphasis, English with a TESL emphasis, or education 
with a TESL emphasis OR Bachelor’s in TESL, TESOL, English 
with a TESL certificate, linguistics with a TESL certificate, applied linguistics 
with a TESL certificate, or any foreign language with a TESL 
certificate AND Master’s in linguistics, applied linguistics, English, composition, 
bilingual/bicultural studies, reading, speech, or any foreign language 
OR the equivalent. 
HIRING RANGE: $52,640-$86,454 annually plus benefits; actual place


ment is based on applicant’s verified education and experience. 
Excellent benefits package which includes medical coverage for employee 
and eligible dependents, dental, vision care, employee assistance program, 
long term disability, retirement benefits and basic life insurance. Faculty 
are also eligible for paid sabbatical leaves and stipends for educational and 
professional development. 


For information on our benefits package that includes medical for em


ployees and dependents, visit our web site: http://hr.f hda.edu/benefits 
TER MS OF EMPLOYM ENT: Full-time, Tenure-track position, 10 
months per year. 


Positions will be filled pending budget approval. 
STARTING DATE: Fall 2011 
To apply, please visit: http://apptrkr.com/165725 
For more information about our application process contact: 
Employment Services 
Foothill-De Anza Community College District 
12345 El Monte Road 
Los Altos Hills, California 94022 

(650) 949-6217 
Email: employment@f hda.edu 
http://www.f hda.edu 
*This position wil l become Open Until Filled after the initial Closing 
Date. Any complete applications received while the position is Open 
Until Filled will be reviewed by the hiring committee only upon committee 
request. jeid-bc3bc91960de23b0ffa5b252b29392cf 

MiraCosta Comm C 

Letters, 1 Barnard Dr, MS 8C Oceanside CA 92056 

English Instructor, Adult High School Diploma Program 14264 

http://apptrkr.com/170150 

ENGLISH INSTRUCTOR – 
Adult High school diploma program 
Closing Date: Wednesday, Februar y 9, 2011 
POSITION AVAILABLE: 
One fulltime, tenure-track position beginning in August 2011 to teach 

English courses in the Adult High School Diploma Program (AHSDP). 
The successful candidate will report to the Adult High School Department 
and be expected to provide discipline leadership in the AHSDP. 
The standard forty (40) hour work week consists of thirty (30) hours of 
instr uctional time, including eighteen (18) weekly contact hours and 
twelve (12) hours for preparation and student evaluation. Of the remaining 
ten (10) hours, f ive (5) hours must be dedicated to student contact 
with a minimum of t wo (2) hours dedicated to scheduled office hours. 
The remaining five (5) hours are designated for collegial governance, fac


ulty meetings, curriculum work, etc. Currently the AHSDP courses are 
offered only at MiraCosta’s Community Learning Center, 1831 Mission 
Avenue, in Oceanside; however, the individual selected for this position 
will be subject to assignment at any district facility during any hours of 
operation. To view the AHSDP website, go to 


http://www.miracosta.edu/ahsdp 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
To be eligible for this position, you must meet and provide evidence of 


the following minimum qualifications: 


1) a Bachelor’s degree in English, literature, comparative literature, composition, 
linguistics, speech, creative writing, or journalism; OR 
2) a Bachelor’s deg ree in a ny d iscipl i ne and t welve semester un it s of 


coursework in teaching reading; OR 


3) a valid appropriate California teaching credential authorizing instruction 
in a community college; OR 
4) the equivalent (view the equivalency instr uctions and guidelines at 


http://www.miracosta.edu/equivalency.pdf ); AND 
5) sensitivit y to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeco


nomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community college 
students. 
APPLICATION PROCEDURE: 
Apply on l ine at ht t p://apptrk r.com/170150. We strong ly adv ise you 


to read the FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) and the information on 


“How to Apply” before starting the application process. 
MiraCosta College is an Equal Oppor tunit y Employer and is com m itted 
to an educational environment which affi rms and supports a diverse 
faculty and staff. 


As per the Cler y Act of 1998, the campus securit y repor t can be found 
at www.miracosta.edu/StudentServices/CampusPolice/righttoknowinfo 
.htm 


MiraCosta College 
Attn: Human Resources 
1 Barnard Drive 
Oceanside, CA 92056 
E-mail: jobs@miracosta.edu 
Phone: (760)-795-6854 jeid-b36c536526380ad61c805ea35a520e15 


Palomar C 

English, 1140 W Mission Rd San Marcos CA 92069 

Assistant Professor, English 

http://apptrkr.com/167211 


ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, ENGLISH 
Date Opened: November 11, 2010 
First Screening Deadline: 4:30 pm on Friday, January 21, 2011 
Palomar College is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) 
To Apply: Visit http://apptrkr.com/167211 or call (760) 891-7201 for full 


details and required application materials. 
The Position: The Assistant Professor, English will teach fifteen units including 
assignments in developmental/basic skills, freshman composition 
and critical thinking, and literature. 


The Department: The Palomar College English Department is a highly 
democratic, egalitar ian, colleg ial col lection of professionally and creatively 
vital faculty. Full-time faculty members have equal opportunity 
(not based on seniority) to teach our full range of course offerings, select 
their own texts for all courses, and design their own “popular” or theme-
based literature classes. We also publish an award-winning literary magazine 
and webzine, Bravura; coordinate a lively English Majors group; and 
operate a Writing Center. For more information about the English Department, 
please visit www.palomar.edu/english. 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Qualifications: 

Minimum: Must meet one of the sets of qualif ications listed under a) 
through c)*. All candidates must meet qualification d): 

a) Master’s in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition. 
b) Master’s in linguistics, Teaching English as a Second Language, speech, 
education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or journalism 

with a Bachelor’s degree in any of the disciplines listed under qualification 
a) above. 
c) A combination of education and experience that is at least the equiva


lent of either a) or b) above. Candidates who do not possess the specific 
minimum qualifications as stated above, which includes degrees that have 
not been awarded at the time of application, must complete the Equivalency 
Qualifications Form that is included with the application. 

d) Sensitivit y to and understanding of the diverse academ ic, socioeconomic, 
cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds in a community college. 


Preferred: 

• Evidence of recent strong student and peer evaluations. 
• Experience teaching college and/or developmental composition. 
• Experience teaching literature. 
• Master’s or Doctorate in English, literature, comparative literature, or 
composition. 

• Understanding of, as well as a strong passion for, the mission of community 
colleges. 
• Familiarity with the nature of teaching at a community college or similar 
open-admissions institution. 
• Commitment to a student learning-centered college. 
• Evidence of a strong commitment to remain current in English and its 
instructional program. 

Terms of Employment: This is a full-time, 10-months-per-year tenure-
track position. Teaching assignments may include day, evening, and/or 
weekend classes at the San Marcos campus and/or off-campus locations as 
part of contract responsibilities, as well as distance education classes. Full-
time facult y are expected to participate fully in departmental activities 
and college governance and hold regular office hours. 

Salary and Benefits: Starting salary range: $52,894.65 – $82,751.20 annually. 
An annual stipend of $1,278.73 shall be paid to any faculty member 
who has an ear ned Doctorate. Academ ic training and teaching experience 
will form the basis for salary placement. Palomar offers an array of 
exceptional, fully-paid employee benefits including medical, dental, and 
vision insurance for employees and dependents; and life, disability, and 
long-term care insurance. Estimated value of these employer-paid benefits 
is approximately $22,191 annually. All full-time faculty are enrolled 
in STRS (State Teachers Retirement System). jeid-d66b2dae1a918dd032e3cebbe3237fe8 


Palomar C 

English, 1140 W Mission Rd San Marcos CA 92069 

Assistant Professor, Reading 14044 

http://apptrkr.com/167208 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, READING 
Date Opened: November 11, 2010 
First Screening Deadline: 4:30 pm on Friday, January 7, 2011 
Palomar College is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) 

To Apply: Visit http://apptrkr.com/167208 or call (760) 891-7201 for full 

details and required application materials. 
The Position: The instructional assignment for the Assistant Professor in 
Reading includes lecture and/or laborator y classes in both developmental 
and college-level reading skills for learners of diverse age groups and 
socio-economic backgrounds. The assignment includes some supervision 
of the Reading lab. 

The Depar tment: The Reading Ser vices Depar tment at Palomar College 
is a popular academic program which provides both developmental 
instr uction for students in reading and spelling, as wel l as col lege-level 
instruction by offering a Power Reading class, an etymolog y course, and 
classes in critical reading. Professors in Reading Services are also involved 
in such diverse campus-wide activities as learning communities, tutor 
training, gover nance com m ittees, and professional development workshops. 
For more information about the Reading Ser vices Department, 
please visit www.palomar.edu/reading. 

Qualifications: 

Minimum: Must meet one of the sets of qualif ications listed under a) 
through c)*. All candidates must meet qualification d): 

a) Master’s in education with an emphasis in reading or teaching reading. 
b) Master’s in English, literature, linguistics, applied linguistics, composition, 
comparative literature, Teaching English as a Second Language, or 
psychology with a Bachelor’s in any academic discipline, including twelve 

(12) semester units of coursework in teaching reading. 
c) A combination of education and experience that is at least the equivalent 
of either a) or b) above. Candidates who do not possess the specific 
minimum qualifications as stated above, which includes degrees that have 
not been awarded at the time of application, must complete the Equivalency 
Qualifications Form that is included with the application. 
d) Sensitivit y to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeco


nomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds in a community college. 


Preferred: 

• Experience teaching reading at the college or university level. 
• Experience in working with a reading lab component, including computer-
assisted instruction. 
• Interest and/or experience in teaching spel ling, vocabular y, critical 
reading, and study skills. 

• Commitment to a student learning-centered college. 
ª Evidence of a strong commitment to remain current in the field of reading 
instruction. 

Terms of Employment: This is a full-time, 10-months-per-year tenure-
track position. Teaching assignments may include day, evening, and/or 
weekend classes at the San Marcos campus and/or off-campus locations as 
part of contract responsibilities, as well as distance education classes. Full-
time facult y are expected to participate fully in departmental activities 
and college governance and hold regular office hours. 

Salar y and Benefits: Starting salary range: $52,894.65 – $82,751.20 annually. 
An annual stipend of $1,278.73 shall be paid to any faculty member 
who has an earned Doctorate. Academic training and teaching experience 
will form the basis for salary placement. Palomar offers an array of 
exceptional, fully-paid employee benefits including medical, dental, and 
vision insurance for employees and dependents; and life, disability, and 
long-term care insurance. Estimated value of these employer-paid benefits 
is approximately $22,191 annually. All full-time faculty are enrolled in 
STRS (State Teachers Retirement System). 

10 
ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



San Francisco Comm Coll District 

33 Gough Street San Francisco CA 94103 

General English and/or Basic Skills Instructor 13736 

http://apptrkr.com/162256 
SAN FRANCISCO COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 
Position Title: 
General English and/or Basic Skills Instructor 
(Tenure-Track) 
Posting Number: 


Filing Deadline (All postings close at 4:00 PM): 
11–08–2010 
Job Type: 
Faculty-Tenure-Track 
Major Duties and Responsibilities: 


1. Teach General English (non-ESL) pre-transfer and transfer-level composition 
and reading courses AND/OR (non-ESL) Basic Skills composition 
and reading courses. A fulltime teaching load typical ly consists of 
four composition courses in an 18-week semester. Teaching loads may 
consist of one of the following patterns: 
For General English Instructor Position: 

• Teach pre-transfer and transfer-level reading and composition courses; 
• Teach an intensive, transfer-level composition and reading course, plus 
two sections of either pre-transfer or transfer-level composition. 
For Basic Skills Instructor position: 

• Teach four basic skills courses, primarily in composition but may include 
reading; 

• Teach an intensive, basic skills composition and reading course, plus two 
sections of basic skills composition. 

2. Share responsibility for departmental projects, such as but not limited 
to curriculum, assessment, course-level coordination, and grant work. 
3. Ser ve on peer evaluation, departmental, interdepartmenta l, and col-
lege-wide committees. 
4. Hold regular office hours on campus and be available to assist and advise 
students as needed. 
5. Collaborate with other instructors revising course outlines, assessing 
learning outcomes, working with student groups, creating rubrics, developing 
classroom instructional materials, and organizing professional development 
training. 
6. Work with the Department Curriculum Committee to revise the curriculum 
and develop new courses to reflect current research and address 
the needs of our students. 
7. Follow the course outline and department policies in regularly assigning, 
writing comments on, and grading student work in a timely, beneficial 
manner. 
8. Use learning labs and technologies to supplement student learning and 
enhance instruction. 
9. Teach day, evening, and/or Saturday classes at any of the college's campuses. 
10. Perform other related duties as assigned by the Department Chair and 
relevant coordinators. 
To apply, please visit our website at http://apptrk r.com/162256 jeid029ee8ab21b076a3d4dd2a8ef47b64e6 


San Francisco SU 

Cinema Department FA 245, 1600 Holloway Ave San Francisco CA 
94132 

Department Chair, Cinema 

http://cinema.sfsu.edu/ 
The Cinema Department at San Francisco State University seeks a Chair 
beginning in Fall 2011. Applicants must provide evidence of substantial 
pr ior experience and demonstrated success in academ ic administrative 
leadership and teaching, a strong record in research and/or creative work, 
and should qualify for appointment as Associate or Full Professor, Tenure/
Tenure-Track. SFSU is an Equal Opportunit y employer; qualified 


women, members of all ethnic groups, veterans, and people with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. 
Applications are due by Januar y 5, 2011, and should include a cover letter, 


curriculum vitae, three recent letters of reference, and verification that 
the candidate has been awarded the appropriate terminal degree. Address: 
Chair Search Committee, Cinema Dept., San Francisco State University, 
1600 Holloway Avenue, San Francisco CA 94132. 


Sierra C 

English, 5000 Rock lin Rd Rock lin CA 95677 

English Instructor—Full-Time—Tenure Track 

http://www.sierracollege.edu 
Under administrative d irection of an educational administrator, to develop 
curr iculum, provide lecture and laborator y instr uction, eva luate 
student performance of students engaged in the study of English and other 
related courses, as directed, and do related work, as required. This position 
will commence Fall 2011. This position is at the Nevada County 
Campus. Application deadline 2/1/2011. 

Sierra C 

English, 5000 Rock lin Rd Rock lin CA 95677 

English Instructor—Emphasis Composition—Tenure Track 

http://www.sierracollege.edu 
Under administrative d irection of an educational administrator, to develop 
curr iculum, provide lecture and laborator y instr uction, eva luate 
student performance of students engaged in the study of English and other 
related courses, as directed, and do related work, as required. This position 
will commence Fall 2011. Application Deadline: 2/23/2011 

Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

The Program in Writing & Rhetoric (PWR), a program within The Office 
of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, seeks a number of 
highly qualified lecturers to develop and teach intensive first and second-
year writing courses. As one of the largest Silicon Valley employers, we 
educate future leaders and promote interdisciplinary, award-winning research 
and teaching. 

PWR manages courses that fulfill the undergraduate writing and rhetoric 
requirement, offering approximately 200 courses a year taught seminar/ 
workshop st yle in classes of 15 students each. These small classes emphasize 
the development of each student’s analytical and research-based 
writing and explore writing, rhetoric, and research from a range of perspectives. 
A second course in the requirement includes increased attention 
to the interweaving of writing and technology and to the study and development 
of oral and multimedia texts to expand students’ understanding 
of contemporar y language and argument. Applicants with experience and 
interests in these areas are encouraged to apply. 

Lecturers in PWR are responsible for developing syllabi for their sections 
in accord with course and assignment g uidelines developed by PWR 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


governance. Lecturers also participate in professional development activities 
including formal training in rhetoric, composition, and writing 
pedagogy. Additional responsibilities include mentoring graduate student 
instructors, service on program committees, and work in the Hume Writing 
Center. Lecturers will join a lively community of teachers, writers, 
and researchers, including Stanford faculty, other lecturers, and graduate 
students from a range of disciplines. Further information about the program 
can be found at http://pwr.stanford.edu/ 


Qualifications: 
Candidates should hold an advanced degree in English Studies ( Ph.D. 
preferred) or a related field and have demonstrated excellence and strong 
interests in the teaching of wr iting; candidates with graduate training 


in other fields will be considered if they have particular interests in the 
teaching of writing and the field of rhetoric and composition. 
Appointment Terms: 
Initial appointments will be made for a term of 1 year beginning Septem


ber 1, 2011 for the 2011 – 2012 academic year. Appointments may be renewable 
contingent on satisfactor y performance and programmatic need. 
Salary range is $56,000-$60,000. 


To Apply: 
Please send a letter of application (outlining your experience and interests 
in the teaching of writing and the field of rhetoric and composition), curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference, and teaching portfolio including 
teaching philosophy statement, syllabi for writing courses, assignments, 
and evaluations by Januar y 28, 2011 to Professor Nicholas Jenkins, Fac


ult y Director, Prog ram in Wr iting and Rhetoric, 590 Escondido Mall, 
Sweet Hall Third Floor, Stanford University, Stanford CA 94305-2069. 
~~~ 
Stanford University is an equal opportunity employer with a strong insti


tutional commitment to staff diversity. 
Apply Here 


Stanford U 

Introduction to the Humanities, 590 Escondido Mall, Sweet Hall 229A 
Sweet Hall 212 Stanford CA 94305 

Post-doctoral Fellow in the Humanities 14191 

http://ihum.stanford.edu/fellows/applicants.html 
INTRODUCTION TO THE HUMANITIES 
AND 
STRUCTURED LIBERAL EDUCATION 
Fellowships and Lecturer positions are open to scholars in all humanistic 


disciplines and areas of specialization. To meet the needs of the IHUM 
curriculum, IHUM especially seeks candidates from the fields of American 
Studies (literature, history, politics), archeology, classics, comparative 
literature, European histor y, new media, philosophy, poetr y, religious 
studies and Slavic studies. 


Eligible candidates will demonstrate a strong record of humanities scholarship 
and evidence of teaching excellence. Other desired qualifications 
are: experience in teaching first-year university students; interdisciplinar y 
research and/or teaching experience; familiarity with team-teaching; and 
experience in writing instruction. Application deadline is February 28, 
2011. 


To apply for a Stanford IHUM or SLE post-doctoral position, visit: 
< http://ihum.stanford.edu/fellows/applicants.html> 
AS A PRIVATE INSTITUTION, STANFORD UNIVERSITY HAS 


A STRONG A N D ONGOING COMMITM ENT TO TH E PRINCIPLE 
OF DIVERSITY. IN THAT SPIRIT, WE ESPECIALLY ENCOUR 
AGE APPLICATIONS FROM A LL PEOPLE INCLUDING 
WOM EN, M EM BERS OF ETHNIC MINORITY GROUPS, AN D 
DISA BLED PERSONS. [R] 


Taf t C 

Lib Arts Div, 29 Emmons Park Dr Taft CA 93268 

ESL Associate Professor 

http://taftcollege.edu 
TAFT COLLEGE 
West Kern Community College District is currently accepting applica


tions for: 
ESL ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR 
Full-Time, Non Tenure-Track Position 
Commencing Spring 2011 
This position is dependent upon the continuation of special funding 
Open until f il led, prior it y consideration date of Wednesday, Dec. 29, 

2010 
GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES 

• Provide instruction in college ESL courses. 
• Work with department to coordinate/develop ESL curriculum. 
• Be available for a teaching assignment which may include evenings and 
delivering instruction utilizing non-traditional deliver y methods. 

• Participate in Liberal Arts division meetings and serve on campus committees. 
• Be available to students for five (5) hours per week of scheduled office 
hour time. 

• Participate in the evaluation of materials and the development of outlines 
for courses taught. 
• Maintain an inventor y of equipment used. 
• Complete reports, schedules, and grades within established guidelines. 
• Other duties as assigned. 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
An earned Master’s degree in TESL, TESOL, applied linguistics with a 
TESL emphasis, linguistics with a TESL emphasis, English with a TESL 
emphasis, or education with a TESL emphasis OR Bachelor’s in TESL, 
TESOL, English with a TESL certificate, linguistics with a TESL certificate, 
applied linguistics with a TESL certificate, or any foreign language 
with a TESL certificate AND Master’s in linguistics, applied linguistics, 
English, composition, bilingual/ bicultura l studies, reading, speech or 
any foreign language OR the equivalent. Sensitivity to and understanding 
of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability and ethnic 
backgrounds of community college students. NOTE: Applicants who 
claim equivalent qualifications shall provide conclusive evidence that they 
possess qualifications that are at least equivalent to those required by the 
minimum qualifications of the area for which they are applying. It is the 

responsibility of the applicant to supply all evidence and documentation 
for the claim of equivalency at the time of the application. 
APPLICATION DEADLINE 
To be assured full consideration, completed application packets should be 

in the Human Resources Department by 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, December 
29, 2010. Application materials must be mailed, hand delivered, 
or e-mailed. E-mails must be followed by original documents. No facsimiles 
will be accepted All application packets that are complete at that 
time will be forwarded to the screening committee. Incomplete applications 
may not be reviewed. 

APPLICATION PROCEDURES 

To ensure consistency and fairness to all candidates, do not submit materials 
other than those requested. 
To be considered for review, applicants must submit the following appli


cation materials: 

1. Completed District Academic Application (and, if needed, an equivalency 
form). Complete all sections; stating “See letter and/or resume” is 
not acceptable. 
12 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



2. A letter of application that describes why you are interested in the position 
and how your breadth of experience has prepared you for this position. 
3. A current resume. 
4. A written statement of your philosophy and approach to teaching ESL 
courses. 
5. Copies of transcripts (unofficial are acceptable). 
6. Three (3) current letters of recommendation that address your professional 
and interpersonal skills. 
Application forms may be obtained from http://apptrkr.com/169157 or 
from the Human Resources Department by calling 661-763-7805. 


Send all application materials to: 
Judy Wade 
Taft College Human Resources Department 
29 Emmons Park Drive 
Taft, CA 93268 
Telephone: (661) 763-7765 
Email: tcjobs@taftcollege.edu 
EOE jeid-cca3a6e27a60b48684fcdf9d7e18cc75 

U of California, Ir vine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Endowed Associate Professorship, UC Irvine 13951 

http://www.humanities.uci.edu/english/ 
The Department of English at the University of California, Irvine, seeks 
an associate professor to f il l the UCI Endowed Chair in R hetor ic and 
Communication. We define rhetoric and communication broadly, as the 
study of how language frames and inf luences the thoughts and actions 
of diverse communities. Research and teaching could address the his-
tor y, theor y, practice, or pedagogy of rhetoric; a variety of print or media 
cultures; rhetoric in the formation and practice of cognate fields such as 
composition, English, American, or transnational literatures. Application 
procedure: upload a letter of application and curriculum vitae to https:// 
recruit.ap.uci.edu/. Review of applicants will begin December 15, 2010 
and the position will remain open unti l fi l led. The Universit y of California, 
Irvine is an equal opportunity employer committed to excellence 
through diversity and has an Advance Program for faculty equity and diversity. 
[R] 


U of Southern California 

Writing Program, 950 W. Jefferson Blvd. JEF 150 Los A ngeles CA 
90089 

Lecturer in Writing 13988 

http://www.usc.edu 
Openings for qualified Lecturers to teach lower-division and advanced 
composition courses in a writing-across-the-curriculum context beginning 
Fall 2011. These are non-tenure track positions. Competitive candidates 
will have the training and experience necessary to teach effectively 
in a program that advances critical reasoning through argumentative and 
analytical writing within a context informed by the rhetorical tradition, 
process theor y, and ethical discursive practices. Such candidates will also 
have a background (or specific interest) in one or more of the following 
disciplines: arts and humanities, health sciences, natural sciences, pre-law, 
and social sciences. We require demonstrated excellence teaching introductory 
or advanced writing courses, and familiarity with the needs of 
writers whose first language is not English is highly desirable. Qualified 


candidates will have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition (or equivalent) 
by June 2011. 
To apply, send an application letter, CV, three letters of recommendation 


and teaching evaluations to: The Wr iting Search Committee, c/o John 
Holland, Writing Program, JEF 150, MC-1293, University of Southern 


Cal ifor nia, Los Angeles, CA 90089-1293. Review of applications will 
begin on December 7, 2010; receipt of materials will be acknowledged by 
e-mail. We plan to interview at the MLA. 

The College encourages professional development and provides promotional 
opportunities for non-tenure track faculty. We offer competitive 
salary and generous benefits. 

Visit www.usc .edu to d iscover more about USC. The Un iver sit y of 
Southern California strongly values diversity and is committed to equal 
opportunity in employment. Women and men, and members of all racial 
and ethnic groups, are encouraged to apply. [R] 


Ventura County Comm Coll District 

255 West Stanley Ave Suite 150 Ventura CA 93001 

English Instructor 14301 

http://apptrkr.com/174664 
English Instructor 
Posting Number: 0601372 
Position: Full Time 
Percent Position: 100% 
Months: 10 
Employee Type: Academic Regular 
Job Category: Faculty 
Requested Start Date: 08/16/2011 
Work Week/Hours: Hours to be determined based on the needs of the 


department. 
Closing Date: 02–08–2011 
Salary Range: $45,609-$95,778 
Starting Salar y: $45,609-$79,815 
Brief Description: 
Under the general direction of a dean, an Instr uctor provides compre


hensive classroom instruction to students from diverse backgrounds for 
the purpose of facilitating the attainment of their academic or vocational 
objectives. 


Successful candidate wil l teach the equivalent of 15 lecture hours per 
week, which will be assigned across the range of English classes including 
basic skills and precollegiate courses as well as higher-level composition 
and literature courses. 


The i n it ia l assig n ment w i l l be at MOOR PA R K COLLEGE. A l l academic 
employees are subject to assignment in any col lege of the Distr 
ict depending upon staff ing needs as def ined within the terms of the 
VCCCD/AFT Agreement. Nontraditional assignments such as evening, 
weekend, or off-site assignments may be made with consent of facult y 
member, management or when special conditions exist on a campus as 
defined within the terms of the VCCCD/AFT agreement. 


SALARY AND EXPERIENCE 
Sa lar y is com men surate w ith academ ic preparat ion and ex per ience 
in placement on the Distr ict salar y schedule. Contract is based on a 10 
month year to begin with the fall semester 2011. Fringe benefits include 


family medical, dental and vision insurance plans. Maximum credit for 
prior experience is 7 years. 
Job Duties: 
Provide academ ic instruction to students through lecture, lab, or per


formance courses; assess and develop cognitive abilities, communication 
skills, and higher order thinking skills among students through appropriate 
assignments and activities in one-on-one, classroom, and distance-
mediated instructional settings. E 


Advise and instruct students regarding programs of study, other institutions 
of higher education, lifelong learning resources, and effective study 
skills; refer students to support services, programs, resources, and other 
professionals as appropriate. E 


Obser ve and evaluate student performance in meeting course objectives 
and student learning outcomes through assignments, projects, discussions, 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


and examinations; provide feedback in a timely manner to student inquiries 
in class, online, or during established consultation office hours. E 
E=Essential Dut y 


Minimum Qualifications: 
Master's in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition OR 
Bachelor's in any of the above AND Master's in linguistics, TESL, speech, 
education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or journalism 
OR the equivalent* OR possession of an appropriate California Community 
College Credential. 


All coursework must be from a recognized accredited college or univer


sity. 
*Applicants must meet the stated minimum qualifications no later than 
the f i l ing dead l ine or complete the Supplement a l Quest ionna ire for 
Equivalency if they wish to be considered. If your degree does not specifically 
match one of the degrees listed in the minimum qualifications, 
you must complete the Supplemental Questionnaire for Equivalency and 
attach it to your application. 


For further details regarding equivalency criteria, please download the 
Supplementa l Questionnaire for Equivalency available at https://jobs 
.vcccd.edu. 


To apply, visit http://apptrkr.com/174664 jeid-2276c28a8779b5dfc0d626 
2d5dcd07b2 


West Valley-Mission Comm Coll Distr ict 

14000 Fruit vale Avenue Saratoga CA 95070 

ENGLISH FULL-TIME INSTRUCTOR 14238 

http://apptrkr.com/171666 
West Valley-Mission Community College District 
ACADEMIC EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 
ENGLISH FULL-TIME INSTRUCTOR 
West Valley College is now accepting applications for a full-time tenure-

track English instructor position to teach courses from basic skills through 
transfer-level composition. We are currently seeking applicants who have 
successful experience and a genuine interest in working with underrepresented 
groups. 

West Valley College, though just m inutes from the hear t of the Silicon 
Valley, is a beautifully park-like setting on 143 wooded acres. This 
physical environment enhances the existing warm and inviting collegiate 
learning environment. Applicants who possess the knowledge, skills, and 
life experiences to address the cultural and educational needs of a linguistically 
and culturally diverse student population are encouraged to apply. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: Wednesday, Februar y 09, 2011 5:00 P.M. 
Job Number: 1011F017 
Please put this number on the application. 
ASSIGNMENT 
This is a ful l-time 10-month tenure track position that beg ins in Fal l 

2011. Instructional assignments rotate among the English faculty. It is expected 
that over several semesters all levels of English offered at the college 
( basic sk il ls, developmental, and all levels of English transfer-level 
composition) will be taught. Teaching assignment may include day and 
evening classes. Work location: West Valley College. 

SALARY AND BENEFITS 

• Salary placement $48,891 (Step 1, Column A) to maximum earnable 
$111,085 (Step 36, Column F) annually, is based on academic achievement, 
teaching and related experience. Maximum entry: $76,087 (Step 9, 
Column F) 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 

• Master's degree in English, literature, comparative literature or composition 
OR 
• Bachelor’s degree in any of the above English AND Master's degree in 
linguistics, TESL, speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative 
writing or journalism OR 

• Possess a valid California community College Instructor’s credential in 
the discipline OR 

• The equivalent of the above. Degrees must be obtained from an accredited 
institution. Candidates with degrees not identical to the required 
state or local qualifications must apply for equivalency by completing the 
equivalency for m which is part of the application package. This for m 
must be completed for employment consideration. 
• Candidates with foreign degrees must provide official certification of 
equivalency to U.S. degrees by a certif ied U.S. credential review service. 
Simple translation of the language on foreign diplomas, transcripts, 
coursework, or similar will NOT suffice; thus, will cause the application 
packet to be judged as incomplete. 

• Demonstrated ability to effectively teach, counsel or work with persons 
of diverse socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds. 

INFORMATION AND APPLICATION MATERIALS MAY BE OBTAINED 
FROM: 
HUMAN RESOURCES 
West Valley–Mission Community College District 
14000 Fruitvale Avenue 
Saratoga, CA 95070–5698 
http://apptrkr.com/171666 
Applicants who, due to a disability, require accommodations to complete 

the application, testing, or interview process, please contact Human Re


sources at (408) 741–2415 to arrange for assistance. 
WEST VALLEY-MISSION COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT IS 
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 

12/10 jeid-767f80fa0e13b095c07733888d4bcd49 

West Valley-Mission Comm Coll Distr ict 

14000 Fruit vale Avenue Saratoga CA 95070 

ENGLISH FULL-TIME INSTRUCTOR 

http://apptrkr.com/172269 
West Valley-Mission Community College District 
ACADEMIC EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 
ENGLISH FULL-TIME INSTRUCTOR 
The Engl ish Department at Mission College is now accepting applica


tions for a full time, tenure-track instructor who shares our excitement for 
teaching and our commitment to excellence in the lower division education 
of both majors and non-majors. We are looking for someone with a 
wi l ling ness to help our department grow and who wil l enjoy working 
with our diverse student body. Applicants who possess the knowledge, 
skills, ability, and life experiences to address the cultural and educational 
needs of a linguistically and culturally diverse student population are encouraged 
to apply. 


APPLICATION DEADLINE: Friday, February 18, 2011 5:00 P.M. 
Job Number: 1011F030 
Please put this number on the application. 
ASSIGNMENT 
This is a ful l-time 10-month tenure track position that beg ins in Fal l 


2011. Instructional Assignments may include day and/or evening classes, 
Monday thru Saturday, as needed and rotate among the English faculty. 
It is expected that over several semesters a l l levels of English offered at 
the college from developmental to transfer will be taught. Work location: 
Mission College. 


SALARY AND BENEFITS 
-Salar y placement $48,891 (Step 1, Colum n A) to maximum earnable 
$111,085 (Step 11, Column F) annua l ly, is based on academ ic achieve


ment, teaching and related experience. Maximum entr y: $76,087 (Step 9, 
Column F) 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 


14 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



-Master's degree in English, literature, comparative literature or composi


tion OR 
-Bachelor’s degree in English, literature, comparative literature or composition 
AN D Master's degree in linguistics, TESL, speech, education 
with a specialization in reading, creative writing or journalism OR 

-Possess a valid California community College Instructor’s credential in 

the discipline OR 
-The equivalent of the above. Degrees must be obtained from an accredited 
institution. Candidates with deg rees not identica l to the required 
state or loca l qualif ications must apply for equivalency by completing 
the equivalency form which is part of the application package. This form 
must be completed for employment consideration. 

-Candidates with foreign deg rees must provide officia l certification of 
equivalency to U.S. degrees by a certif ied U.S. credential review service. 
Simple translation of the language on foreign diplomas, transcripts, 
coursework, or similar will NOT suffice; thus, will cause the application 
packet to be judged as incomplete. 

-Demonstrated ability to effectively teach, counsel or work with persons 

of diverse socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds. 
INFORMATION AND APPLICATION MATERIALS MAY BE OBTAINED 
FROM: 

HUMAN RESOURCES 
West Valley–Mission Community College District 
14000 Fruitvale Avenue 
Saratoga, CA 95070–5698 
http://apptrkr.com/172269 
Applicants who, due to a disability, require accommodations to complete 

the application, testing, or interview process, please contact Human Re


sources at (408) 741–2415 to arrange for assistance. 
WEST VALLEY-MISSION COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT IS 
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. jeid-36360ba6ec68769fa1 
988dfd5db30394 

Color Ado 
Regis U 

English, 3333 Regis Blvd, MS H-16 Denver CO 80221 

Wr iting Director 13795 

http://www.regis.edu 
The English Department of Regis University invites application for the 
position of Wr iting Director. A Ph.D. in R hetoric and Composition is 
required. The Director administers writing across the curriculum along 
with instruction of, and training for, 25 sections of the freshman writing 
seminar taught by faculty across the disciplines. Experience with assessment 
of student wr iting outcomes is required. This position includes a 
2/2 teaching load: two sections of freshman writing seminar in the fall, 
one section of Basic Wr iting and one upper-level writing course (e.g. 
Rhetoric, Creative Nonfiction, Screenwriting, Playwriting) in the spring. 
Will work closely with the Writing Center Director and be housed in the 
English Department. Department Chair: Dr. David Hicks; dhicks@regis 
.edu. To apply for this position, submit an application at https://jobs.regis 

.edu. Hiring decisions are pending final budgetary approval. Application 
reviews will begin December 3, 2010. 
Regis University in Denver, Colorado is a Catholic liberal arts institution 

in the Jesuit educational tradition. The University seeks to examine dominant 
societal values and major areas of knowledge so that our graduates 
might become articulate and persuasive leaders in the service of others. 

In accordance with its Jesuit Catholic mission, Regis University is committed 
to maintaining a humane atmosphere in which civil rights of ever y 
individual are recognized and respected. At Reg is the word diversit y 
conveys our commitment to create and maintain an inclusive com munity 
where people of different religions, gender, sexual orientation, races, 
classes and any other social distinctions can thrive in a learning environ


ment characterized by mutual respect and the pursuit of justice. Within 
this context, we encourage application from historically underrepresented 
groups and seek applicants who demonstrate a commitment to the university's 
mission. [R] 


U of Northern Colorado 

English, 501 20th St Campus Box 109 Greeley CO 80639 

Assistant Professor of English Education 

http://www.unco.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor of English, English Education. 3/3 teaching 
load. Responsibilities will include teaching methods courses in lang 
uage, composition, and literature, and the super vision of pre-ser vice 
teachers. Workload also includes research, advising, and committee work. 
The successful candidate will have an earned doctorate in English, English 
Education, or related field in hand by August 15, 2011, and be able 
to teach courses in content area literacy (especially reading), writing, and/ 
or literature. Evidence of secondar y (grades 9–12) and college teaching 
experience required. Please apply to the following website: http://careers 
.unco.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=51129. Application should include 
letter and CV uploaded as PDF files. In addition, send three letters 
of recommendation via post to English Education search committee, Box 
109, University of Northern Colorado, Greeley, CO 80639. Review of 
applications will begin on January 3, 2011. [R] 


ConneCtiCut 
Quinnipiac U 

English, Mount Carmel Avenue Hamden CT 06518 

English: Contemporary American Literatures – Tenure Track Faculty 
Position 13870 

http://careers.quinnipiac.edu 
Quinnipiac University invites applications for an Assistant Professor position 
beginning in fall 2011. This is a full-time, tenure track appointment. 

Applicants must have a Ph.D. in an appropriate field or expect to complete 
the doctorate by start of classes in fall 2011. 
The department seeks a specialist in Contemporar y Literature of the 

Americas, emphasizing comparative analysis of North American, Central 
American, and South American literatures, and who can also teach 
American Literature since 1865. All faculty at Quinnipiac University are 
expected to teach in the University Core Seminar series. 

The Eng lish major at Quinnipiac Universit y is g rowing and we seek 
someone w ith strong teaching credentia ls supported by an appropr iate 
and rigorous research agenda. The expected teaching load is 3/3. We are 
interviewing at the 2011 MLA conference in Los Angeles. 

The English Department at Quinnipiac University serves nearly 135 majors 
and many minors across the Universit y campus. It has been at the 
forefront of the University’s WAC initiative and plays a key role in the 
development of the liberal arts as a center of excellence on campus. Salar y 
and benefits are competitive. 

Qualified applicants should apply online at https://careers.quinnipiac.edu. 
Application materials should include a letter of application and cur rent 
cur riculum vitae. In addition three letters of recommendation, at least 
one of which directly addresses the candidate’s teaching, should be sent 
to English Literature/Shakespeare Search, c/o Danielle Pomponi, English 
Department Secretar y, English Department, Quinnipiac University CLAC1, 
275 Mount Carmel Avenue, Hamden, CT 06518. Applications must 
be received by November 30, 2010. We expect to conduct on campus 
interviews early in the spring. 

Quinnipiac Universit y has a strong commitment to the pr inciples and 
practices of diversity throughout the University community and we welcome 
candidates who would enhance that diversity. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Quinnipiac U 

English, Mount Carmel Avenue Hamden CT 06518 

English, Shakespeare and 17th Century British Literature: Tenure Track 
Faculty Position 13869 

http://careers.quinnipiac.edu 
Quinnipiac University invites applications for an Assistant Professor position 
beginning in fall 2011. This is a full-time, tenure track appointment. 


Applicants must have a Ph.D. in an appropriate field or expect to complete 
the doctorate by start of classes in fall 2011. 
The department seeks candidates with areas of expertise in Shakespeare, 


Milton, and the 17th Centur y. The ideal candidate should expect to teach 
Shakespeare (required of all majors) and the first half of the British Literature 
survey. All faculty at Quinnipiac University are expected to teach in 
the University Core Seminar series. 


The Eng lish major at Quinnipiac Universit y is g rowing and we seek 
someone w ith strong teaching credentia ls supported by an appropr iate 
and rigorous research agenda. The expected teaching load is 3/3. We are 
interviewing at the 2011 MLA conference in Los Angeles. 


The English Department at Quinnipiac University serves nearly 135 majors 
and many minors across the Universit y campus. It has been at the 
forefront of the University’s WAC initiative and plays a key role in the 
development of the liberal arts as a center of excellence on campus. Salar y 
and benefits are competitive. 


Qualified applicants should apply online at https://careers.quinnipiac.edu. 
Application materials should include a letter of application and cur rent 
cur riculum vitae. In addition three letters of recommendation, at least 
one of which directly addresses the candidate’s teaching, should be sent 
to English Literature/Shakespeare Search, c/o Danielle Pomponi, English 
Department Secretar y, English Department, Quinnipiac University CLAC1, 
275 Mount Carmel Avenue, Hamden, CT 06518. Applications must 
be received by November 30, 2010. We expect to conduct on campus 
interviews early in the spring. 


Quinnipiac Universit y has a strong commitment to the pr inciples and 
practices of diversity throughout the University community and we welcome 
candidates who would enhance that diversity. 


U of Connecticut 

Human Resources, 9 Walters Avenue Unit 5075 Storrs CT 06269 

Instructor/Assistant Professor In-Residence 14101 

http://www.jobs.uconn.edu 
Instructor/Assistant Professor In-Residence 
School of Business-Writing Center 
University of Connecticut 
The School of Business at the University of Connecticut is seeking appli


cations for a full-time Instructor/Assistant Professor In-Residence for Fall 
2011. The teaching expectation will be 18 credits per academic year. Duties 
will include teaching multiple sections of the required undergraduate 
writing course and providing writing and editorial assistance to School of 
Business faculty and students. There is also an expectation of committee 
work and other service. Publication in trade journals and/or presentations 
at professional conferences, while not required, is strongly encouraged. 

Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or related field; demonstrated 
exper ience in business and professional com munications at the college 
level. Applicants with their Master’s degree in English or professional 
writing may be appointed at the Instructor rank. 

Preferred Qualifications: Three to five years of experience in business and 
professional communications at the college level; course development and 
classroom teaching experience in a business school; and strong teaching 
experience in engaging students in effective learning environment. 

This is a one-year renewable, non-tenure track position. Primary duties 
will be at the University of Connecticut’s main campus located in Storrs, 
but may be a lso include teaching at the campuses located at Hartford, 

Stamford or Waterbury, and/or any other University location. Salary and 


rank will be commensurate with qualifications. 
Please visit Husky Hire at w w w.jobs.uconn.edu to submit letter of application, 
cur r iculum vitae, evidence of teaching qualit y, and contact 
information of three references. For more information, visit www.business.
uconn.edu. The University of Connecticut is an EEO/AA employer. 
(Search # 2011294) 


delAwAre 
U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor of English, Creative Writing, Half-Time, Continuing Non-
Tenure Track 13847 

http://www.english.udel.edu 
English Department 
University of Delaware 
Qualifications: MFA, or appropriate terminal degree, record of publica


tion, and experience teaching creative writing. We are seeking a person 
to join our undergraduate English concentration in Creative Writing to 
teach creative writing courses and workshops at the introductor y, intermediate, 
and advanced levels. The new facult y member wil l be part of 
a dynamic department, with opportunities to contribute to a successful 
program that is ready to expand and innovate. The successful candidate 
will teach 2 courses per semester in multi-genre and single-genre Creative 
Writing courses. The position starts September, 2011, and offers a 
competitive salary and partial benefits. 

For consideration, submit an application letter that provides evidence of 
high-quality teaching, c.v., and contact information for three references 
to Prof. Bernard Kaplan, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
University of Delaware, Newark, DE 19716-2537 by November 15, 
2010. All materials submitted will be shared with departmental faculty. 
The University of Delaware is an Equal Opportunity Employer that encourages 
applications from Minority Group Members and Women. [R] 


distr iCt of ColumbiA 
Georgetown U 

School of Foreig n Service in Qatar, Edmund A Walsh School of 
Foreig n Service ICC 301 Washington DC 20057 

Dean, Georgetown University School of Foreign Service-Qatar 14229 

http://qatar.sfs.georgetown.edu/ 
In 2004, the School of Foreign Service of Georgetown University established 
a branch campus in Doha, Qatar, at the invitation of the Qatar i 
government and with its financial sponsorship. The Dean of the School 
of Foreign Ser vice in Qatar has an extraordinary opportunity to support 
a compelling educational mission as part of a world-class research university. 
SFS-Q is charged with delivering the four-year undergraduate Bachelor 
of Science in Foreign Service (BSFS) degree identical to that offered 
on the Georgetown University Main Campus, and fostering development 
of an appropriately high research profi le. This requires that all aspects of 
University programming in Doha are at a standard equivalent to that es


tablished on the Main Campus. Discussions about potential graduate-level 
programs are currently underway. 
The Dean of the School of Foreign Service in Qatar (SFS-Q), who re


ports to the Dean of the School of Foreign Ser vice on the Main Campus 
in Washington, DC, is responsible for all aspects of the School of Foreign 
Service in Qatar, including both academic and administrative functions. 
The Dean of SFS-Q oversees a wide range of units and activities that support 
the academic program – including a library, student affairs, student 
health and wellness, admissions, finance, human resources, safety and security, 
information technology, public affairs, and facilities, as well sup


16 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



porting the lives and well-being of faculty, staff and their families in the 
areas of housing, education, health and community affairs. The Dean also 
oversees all research and outreach activities, including support programs 
for faculty research and the Center for International and Regional Studies 
(CIRS). 

Finally, the Dean of SFS-Q is the chief representative of and spokesman 
for Georgetown University and the School of Foreign Service in Qatar 
and throughout the reg ion. He or she deals on a regular basis with the 
Qatar Foundation, which established Education Cit y, the campus that 
houses SFS-Q and five other branch campuses of American universities, 
and represents Georgetown University in various public and diplomatic 
activities. 

The ideal candidate for Dean of SFS -Q w ill have a Ph.D. and an outstanding 
record of research and teaching. He or she will also have the 
experience and skills to represent the School and the University in Qatar 
and the Gulf region; familiarity with the culture, opportunities and challenges 
of the region would be highly desirable. The salar y and benefits 
package for this position is substantial and includes items such as housing, 
tuition and car allowance. 

Inquiries, nominations and applications are invited. Interested individuals 
should provide a letter describing their interest in and qualifications for 
the position, a resume, and the names of five references, with contact information; 
references will not be contacted without the candidate’s prior 
knowledge and approval. This packet should be sent by e-mail to Georgetown’s 
consultants, Jean Dowdall, Ph.D., and Jane Courson, at sfsqdean@ 
wittkieffer.com. The consultants can also be contacted by phone at (630) 
575-6131. Documents that must be mailed may be sent to Witt/Kieffer at 
2015 Spring Road, Suite 510, Oak Brook, IL 60523. 

For full consideration, applications should be received by Januar y 14, 
2011. Preliminar y interviews with the search committee will be held in 
Washington. Second-round interviews for finalists will involve meetings 
in both Washington and Qatar. The Universit y hopes to have the new 
Dean in place by summer 2011. 

Georgetown Universit y is an Equal Oppor tunit y/A ff ir mative Action 
employer. 

Howard U 

English, 2441 6th St N W 248 Locke Hall Washington DC 20059 

Assistant/Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 13998 

http://coas.howard.edu/english 
The Department of English seeks to hire an advanced Assistant or Associate 
Professor in Rhetoric and Composition who will a) take on the 
role of Director of the Freshman English Writing Program and b) teach 


courses on Rhetoric, Composition, and Pedagog y in the undergraduate 
and graduate programs. 
Ph.D., record of publication, and record of teaching exper ience in the 


field of Rhetoric and Composition is required. 
Candidates should send dossiers (including a current c.v., sample syllabi, 
a statement on teaching, and a sample lesson and graded essay) electronically 
as one PDF file to Dana A. Williams, Chair, Department of English 


at d_williams@howard.edu for full consideration by December 15, 2010. 
Preliminary interviews will be held at the MLA conference. 
Howa rd Un iver sit y i s a n A f f i r m at ive Ac t ion , Equ a l Oppor t u n it y 


Employer and is act ively com m it ted to d iversit y w ith in it s com munity. 
[R] 


floridA 
Flagler C 

English, PO Box 1027 St Aug ustine FL 32085 

Assistant Professor of English 14057 

http://www.flagler.edu 
The English Department at Flagler College invites applications for a full-
time position at the rank of assistant professor to begin August 2011 with 
a specialization in American Literature and a secondary interest in African-
American Literature. The teaching load is four classes per semester 

divided between general education courses and upper-level major courses. 
Other responsibilities include committee service and student advising. 
Requirements include a completed Ph.D. or a documented completion 

date for ABDs, a demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching, 
and evidence of scholarly production with the promise of continued professional 
development. Salary and benefits are commensurate with experience. 
Minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Flagler is a private independent college with an enrollment of approximately 
2,500 students. The College is located in historic St. Augustine, 
FL, 35 miles south of Jacksonville and 55 miles north of Daytona Beach. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, curr iculum vitae, brief 
statement of teaching phi losophy, unof f icial transcr ipts, and three letters 
of recommendation with contact information to Dr. Alan Woolfolk, 
Dean of Academic Affairs, Flagler College, 74 King Street, St. Augustine, 
FL 32084. Application review will begin on December 8. Initial interviews 
will be conducted at the 2011 MLA Conference in Los Angeles. 

Flagler C 

English, PO Box 1027 St Aug ustine FL 32085 

Assistant Professor of English 14056 

http://www.flagler.edu 
The Department of English at Flagler College invites applications for a 
full-time position at the rank of assistant professor to begin August 2011 
with a specialization in modern British Literature and a secondary interest 
in Post-Colonial Literature. The teaching load is four classes per semester 

divided between general education courses and upper-level major courses. 
Other responsibilities include committee service and student advising. 
Requirements include a completed Ph.D. or a documented completion 

date for ABDs, a demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching, 
and evidence of scholarly production with the promise of continued professional 
development. Salary and benefits are commensurate with experience. 
Minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Flagler is a private independent college with an enrollment of approximately 
2,500 students. The College is located in historic St. Augustine, 
FL, 35 miles south of Jacksonville and 55 miles north of Daytona Beach. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, curr iculum vitae, brief 
statement of teaching phi losophy, unof f icial transcr ipts, and three letters 
of recommendation with contact information to Dr. Alan Woolfolk, 
Dean of Academic Affairs, Flagler College, 74 King Street, St. Augustine, 
FL 32084. Application review will begin on December 8. Initial interviews 
will be conducted at the 2011 MLA Conference in Los Angeles. 

Florida Intl U 

English, University Pk, DM 453 Miami FL 33199 

Assistant Professor, Medieval Studies 13939 

http://www.fiu.edu 
FIU is a multi-campus public research university located in Miami, a vibrant, 
international city. FIU offers more than 180 baccalaureate, masters, 
professional, and doctoral degree programs to over 42,000 students. As 
one of South Florida’s anchor institutions, FIU is worlds ahead in its local 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


and global engagement and is committed to finding solutions to the most 


challenging problems of our times. 
Florida International University invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in medieval studies, at the Assistant Professor level, to begin Fall, 
2011. 


Required: Ph.D. in English, with specialty in medieval studies. Graduate 
study that includes Anglo Saxon language and literature and Histor y of 
the English language is desirable. Teaching experience, strong evidence of 
research agenda. Degree in hand by August 2011. 


Applicants should submit: a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a list of 
three or more referees, teaching evaluations, and representative published 
or unpublished scholarly work electronically at the following application 
URL: (Note: Applicants need to create a profile in order to apply) 


ht t p s:// www.f iujob s .org/appl ic a nt s/ jsp/sh a red /f ra meset/ Fr a meset 


.jsp?time=1287598870422 
Original letters of reference can be scanned and sent electronically, or by 
post. 


Application Deadline: December 6, 2010. 


Please note in your application letter if you are planning to attend MLA in 
January 2011, in Los Angeles. 
Contact Information: 
Dr. Joan Baker 
Chairperson of the Search and Screen Committee, Medievalist 
Email: bakerj@fiu.edu 
FIU is a member of the State University System of Florida and is an Equal 


Opportunity, Equal Access Affirmative Action Employer. 


Florida SU 

English, 405 Williams Bldg 631 Universit y Way Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor, Fiction and/or Nonfiction Writer 14013 

http://www.english.fsu.edu/ 
The FSU English Department invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of Fiction and/or Nonf iction Wr iting to beg in in fal l 
2011. MFA or PhD required in English or Creative Writing. Record of 
publication crucial, with at least one book of fiction or narrative nonfiction 
published or under contract. 2/2 teaching assignment, normally with 
one graduate course per year. Competitive salary. Letter and CV may be 
submitted electronically to cr wsearch@lists.fsu.edu or by post to Diane 
Roberts & Mark Winegardner, Search Committee Co-Chairs, Department 
of English, P.O. Box 3061580, FSU, Tallahassee, FL 32306 -1580 
by December 13, 2010, though the committee will consider applications 
until the position is filled. AA/EOE employer. Minorities, persons with 
disabilities, and women encouraged to apply. [R] 


Florida SU 

English, 405 Williams Bldg 631 Universit y Way Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor, African-American, Latino/a, or American Multiethnic 
Literature and Culture 14012 

http://www.english.fsu.edu/ 
The FSU English Department invites applications for an Assistant Professor 
position, tenure-track, to begin in fall 2011. Principal areas of interest 
may include any of the following: African-American or African Diasporic 
literature and culture; Latino/a literature and culture; American Multi-
ethnic literature and culture. Ph.D. in hand by beginning of appointment. 
Record of publication and /or prospects of future publication are crucial. 
2/2 teaching assignment, nor mally with one g raduate course per year. 
Competitive salar y. Letter, CV, wr iting sample, and dossier to Maxine 
Montgomery, Department of English, PO Box 3061580, FSU, Tallahassee, 
FL 32306-1580 by December 13. A A/EOE employer. Minorities, 
persons with disabilities, and women encouraged to apply. [R] 


Florida SU 

English, 405 Williams Bldg 631 Universit y Way Tallahassee FL 32306 

DIR ECTOR, R EADING WRITING CENTER 13851 

http://www.english.fsu.edu/ 
The Florida State University English Department invites applications for 
the Directorship of its Reading Wr iting Center, beginning in sum mer 
or fal l 2011. The Directorship is a 12-month continuing, non-tenureearning 
position eligible for promotion, professional leaves, and other faculty 
benefits. The Ph.D. in English with a specialization in Rhetoric and 
Composition preferred; the successful candidate will also bring knowledge 
of and experience with college-level writing instruction and with 
writing center practices. We are especially interested in applicants who 
have writing center administrative experience, a scholarly agenda con


nected to writing center work broadly construed, and an interest in collaborating 
with our graduate program in Rhetoric and Composition. 
The Reading Writing Center serves the entire FSU community through 

three sites of activity: the primary site in the English Department; a satellite 
site at the main librar y; and another site, with a digital studio, opening 
in the Universit y’s new learning center in fal l 2011. Each site provides 
tutoring for undergraduate and graduate student writers; two of the three 
sites include program events such as an annual Digital Symposium; and 
each of them offers opportunities for research. 

The Director’s responsibilities include managing and promoting all three 
sites of the RWC; or ienting and super vising graduate tutors; work ing 
with a team of TAs to direct the RWC’s peer tutoring program; coordinating 
with other campus student success programs and student government; 
assessing the RWC’s efforts on an annual basis; and teaching one to 
two courses per year in the Department of English. 

To apply, please send a letter of application, cv, and writing sample to: 
Kathleen Blake Yancey, Chair, Search Committee 
English Department 
Florida State University 
631 University Way 
223B Williams Building 
Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 
AND apply to Florida State University at https://jobs.fsu.edu; Job Open


ing ID: 32231 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 30, 2010. 
Florida State University is an Equal Opportunity/Access/Affirmative Ac


tion Employer [R] 


New C of Florida 

Humanities, 5800 Bay Shore Rd, COH 104 Sarasota FL 34243 

Writer in Residence 13836 

http://www.ncf.edu 
New College of Florida announces an opening for a Writer in Residence, 
spring semester 2011 (Februar y-May). This year we are looking for a candidate 
with a specialty in fiction. We welcome all applicants, and are particularly 
interested in those who push the boundaries of the genre. The 
successful candidate will have two published books or the equivalent, two 
years’ experience teaching creative writing, which can include instruction 
as a graduate student, and be strongly committed to playing an active 
role in the community of our residential honors college. MFA, MA, 
or equivalent degree preferred, but experience considered. The Writer in 
Residence will be responsible for teaching two semester-length writing 
courses (preferably one multigenre introductor y course and one course in 
fiction), and will give at least three public readings. Salar y $22,725 for .75 
FTE, with no benefits. Send curriculum vitae, letter of application, writing 
sample, dossier with three letters of reference and official transcript, 
and two course proposals (one for an introductor y level course and one 
course focusing on your specialty) to Dr. Andrea Dimino, Chair, Search 
Committee, Division of Humanities, New College of Florida, 5800 Bay 

18 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Shore Road, Sarasota, FL 34243-2109. Review of applications will begin 
December 1 and continue until position is filled. For disability accommodations, 
contact Chair a minimum of five (5) days in advance @ (941) 
487-4360. 

New College of Florida is an EO/A A/ADA employer 
Security background check required [R] 


Nova Southeastern U 

Humanities, 3301 College Av Fort Lauderdale FL 33314 

Wr iting/Composition Faculty 14289 

http://www.nsujobs.com 
The Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences seeks applications at the ranks 
of assistant, associate, and full professor for the following faculty positions. 
Unless specifically noted otherwise, positions are full-time (9.5 month) 
and entail teaching the equivalent of 8 courses, participation in depart


ment and college committees and curriculum development, and strong 
commitment to student and community service and scholarship. 
Candidates with a term inal deg ree are strongly prefer red; facult y rank 

is dependent on terminal degree, college level teaching experience, and 
scholarship. Candidates with college-level teaching experience and a plan 
for active scholarship are preferred. Interest in or experience with teaching 
or developing online courses is a plus. Review of applications begins 
immediately; position begins August 2011. 

993562-Writing/Composition Faculty 
The College seeks an individual who can teach in the area of introductor y 
composition, advanced writing, and rhetoric, as well as graduate courses 
in our M.A. in writing program. Earned ter minal degree in Composition/
Rhetor ic or English is strongly prefer red; minimum requirement 
is Master's degree in Composition/ Rhetor ic or English with prog ress 
toward terminal degree. Faculty rank is dependent on terminal degree, 
col lege level teach ing exper ience, and schola r sh ip. Cand id ates w ith 
col lege-level teaching exper ience and a plan for active scholarship are 
preferred. Interest in or experience with teaching or developing online 
courses is a plus. Pending Budget Approval. 

With more than 120 full-time facult y members, 250 part time facult y 
members, and 3000 students, the Farquhar College of Arts and Sciences 
at Nova Southeastern University offers 26 undergraduate majors, 47 minors, 
and 5 certificate programs across four academic divisions, as well as 
a graduate program in writing. The College serves more than 6000 undergraduate 
students through general education, honors, and study abroad 
programs. Nova Southeastern University is the seventh largest not-forprofit 
university in the United States, serving more than 29,000 students. 
The university is located on 300 acres in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 

For confidential consideration, please apply to position #993562 at www 
.nsujobs.com and submit a letter of interest, resume, and curriculum vitae. 
Please visit our website: www.nova.edu 

NSU offers competitive compensation and outstanding benefits. EOE. 

Rollins C 

English, 1000 Holt Av, Campus Box 2666 Winter Park FL 32789 

Lecturer in English 14156 

http://www.rollinsjobs.com 
The Rollins Col lege Department of Engl ish anticipates openings for 
non-tenure track, teaching staff positions in composition, beginning fall 
term 2011. Ph.D. or M.A. in rhetoric and composition preferred; M.A. 
in related field considered. Successful candidates will receive one-year appointments 
with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactor y performance 
and mutual consent. Responsibilities include a 3/3 or 4/4 teaching 
load, with at least si x sections per year of fi rst-year writing (or perhaps 

advanced expositor y writing) and possibly two sections in one’s area of 
specialty. Compensation correlates with load. Courses include traditional 
and non-traditional students. The successful candidate will have a record 
of teaching excellence in college composition, and a willingness to work 
with and contribute to the First-Year Writing Team at Rollins. Writing 
teachers are normally on campus at least four days or evenings per week, 
attend department events, and receive invitations to take a role in campus 
activities. Phi Beta Kappa keyholders are especially encouraged to apply. 

Interested applicants must apply through the College’s applicant web 
portal at http://www.rollinsjobs.com and upload the following materials 
merged together into a maximum of four electronic files as follows: 

(1) letter of application, including a statement of teaching philosophy; (2) 
a C.V.; and (3) contact information, including telephone and e-mail addresses. 
Screening of applications will begin January 2011, and will continue 
until the position is filled. 
Founded in 1885, Rollins is an independent, comprehensive, residential 
liberal arts college with a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,730 and a 
student-to-faculty ratio of 10:1. Ninety-four percent of Rollins' 173 full-
time faculty hold a Ph.D. or the highest degree in their field. The campus, 
noted for its lakefront beauty and unique location, is set in the residential 
community of Winter Park, just 15 minutes from Orlando, one of the nation's 
most dynamic urban centers. Rollins is Florida's oldest recognized 
col lege and for the fifth consecutive year is ranked number one among 
southern regional universities in U.S. News & World Report's "America's 
Best Colleges." For further information visit http://www.rollins.edu/english. 


Through its mission, Rollins College is committed to creating a fully inclusive, 
just community that embraces multiculturalism; persons of color 
and other historically under-represented groups are therefore encouraged 
to apply. The College’s equal opportunit y policy is inclusive of sexua l 
orientation, gender identity and expression, and Rollins offers domestic 
partner benefits. 

U of Central Florida 

English, PO Box 161346 Orlando FL 32816 

Assistant Professor 13792 

http://www.english.ucf.edu 
University of Central Florida 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track Assis


tant Professor of English in Creative Writing, fiction. The position requires 
the M.F.A. or Ph.D. by August 8, 2011 and two years of college 
teaching experience. We prefer candidates with significant publications, a 
commitment to teaching graduate and undergraduate courses in creative 
writing, the skills and interest to contribute to our M.F.A. program, and 
online teaching experience. Our department publishes two literar y journals, 
The Florida Review and The Cypress Dome. 

UCF is an AA/EOE/ADA employer. As an agency of the state of Florida, 
UCF makes all selection procedures and application mater ials available 
for public review upon request. Please apply online at https://jobswithucf.
com, and send letter of application, curriculum vitae, non-returnable 
writing sample (thirty pages maximum) and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Patrick D. Murphy, Chair, Department of English, University 
of Central Florida, P.O. Box 161346, Orlando, FL 32816-1346. Review 
of applications will begin on November 26, 2010 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted at AWP. 

U of Central Florida 

English, PO Box 161346 Orlando FL 32816 

Assistant Professor 13791 

http://www.english.ucf.edu 
University of Central Florida. 
The Department of English at the University of Central Florida invites 

applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Renaissance 
literature with one or more of the following specia lizations preferred: 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Shakespeare, theor y, histor y of the book, and texts and technolog y. The 
position requires the Ph.D. in English or a related field by August 8, 2011, 
and two years teaching experience. The ideal candidate will have strong 
scholarly and teaching potential plus a wil ling ness to teach in the following 
areas: undergraduate courses in Renaissance literature, historical 
surveys, major authors; graduate seminars in the M.A. in Literar y, Cultural, 
and Textual Studies and, possibly, the Ph.D. program in Texts and 
Technology; courses in the Burnett Honors College. The position entails 
a teaching load of 3/2 or 3/3, depending upon publishing productivity. 
Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 

UCF is an AA/EOE/ADA employer. As an agency of the state of Florida, 
UCF makes all selection procedures and application mater ials available 
for public review upon request. Please apply online at https://jobswithucf.
com, and send letter of application, curriculum vitae, non-returnable 
scholarly writing sample (thirty pages maximum) and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Patrick D. Murphy, Chair, Department of English, 
Universit y of Central Florida, P.O. Box 161346, Orlando, FL 32816 1346. 
Review of applications will begin on November 26, 2010, and will 
continue until the position is filled. 

U of Central Florida 

Writing & R hetoric, PO Box 161345 Orlando FL 32816 

Assistant Professor and Composition Program Director 13901 

http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf.edu 
The newly formed Department of Writing and Rhetoric at the University 
of Central Florida is seeking an assistant professor to direct its Composition 
Program. Applicants must have a Ph D in R hetor ic and Composition 
or related field from an accredited institution at the time of hire and 
at least two years of experience teaching college composition. Preferred 
candidates will have a developing record of scholarship relevant to writing 
program work; a demonstrated ability to administer and assess a first-year 
writing program; a record of coordinating professional development opportunities 
for faculty; and a demonstrated commitment to curriculum 

revision in response to assessment results, students’ changing needs, and 
the scholarship of the field. 
This is a 9-month position with a 2/1 load and a summer administra


tive stipend, supported by a coordinator and an office assistant. The Program 
Director will work closely with the Directors of Writing Outreach 
Programs, Writing Across the Curriculum, and the University Writing 
Center to help support the implementation of a comprehensive, vertical 
writing experience. The Composition Program Director should be willing 
to bui ld on the existing vision of ENC 1101, and consider how to 
revise ENC 1102 with an eye toward transfer of writing-and research-
related knowledge. 

Due to the UCF administration’s recent financial investment in the scholarship 
and teaching of writing, the Composition Program Director will 
be part of a vibrant rhetoric and composition faculty as it also develops 
a new writing across the curriculum program, corporate consulting services, 
and a new undergraduate curriculum. As part of this investment, 
the Universit y has com m itted funds to conver t its adjunct and visiting 
instructor lines to permanent instructor lines over the next four years. 

The targeted start date is August 2011, but the position will remain open 
unti l f il led. To be considered, applicants must apply online at https:// 
www.jobswithucf.com (position #37187). In addition to the online application, 
applicants should send a letter of application, cv, and the names 
of three references to Composition Prog ram Director Search, c/o Dr. 
Elizabeth Wardle, Search Committee Chair, Department of Writing and 
Rhetoric, P.O. Box 161345, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 
32816-1345. Review of applications will begin on November 26, 2010. 
For more information, see http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf.edu/or contact 
ewardle@mail.ucf.edu. 

UCF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


U of Central Florida 

Writing & R hetoric, PO Box 161345 Orlando FL 32816 

Assistant or Associate Professor and Director of the University Writing 
Center 13771 

http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf.edu 
Applicants must have a Ph.D. in rhetor ic and composition or a related 
f ield from an accredited institution at the time of hire and experience 
relevant to working in a writing center. Preferred candidates will have a 
demonstrated excellence in the teaching of writing, a developing record 
of writing center scholarship, the ability to administer and assess writing 

center work, and experience with technologies related to writing center 
work is desirable. 
The Writing Center Director will be supported by two coordinators and 

an office assistant, and wil l work closely with the Directors of Wr iting 
Outreach and Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC) to help support the 
implementation of a comprehensive, vertical writing experience. The director 
will be expected to not only oversee existing efforts (face-to-face 
and online consulting at main and reg iona l campuses, writing-related 
workshops, assessment) but also to collaboratively enact a vision for expanding 
outreach activities to meet the changing writing-related needs of 
students at a large metropolitan research university. Due to the UCF administration's 
recent financial investment in the scholarship and teaching 
of writing, new hires will be part of a vibrant rhetoric and composition 
faculty as it develops a range of outreach services and a new undergraduate 
curriculum. 

The targeted star t date is June 2011, but the position wil l remain open 

until filled. 
The University requires that all candidates apply online; submit letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, through www.jobswithucf.com (position 
number 32694). To ensure full consideration, al l materials listed above 
should be submitted online by November 12, 2010, when review of applications 
will begin; review of applications will continue until the position 
is fi lled. In addition to the online application, applicants should send a 
letter of application, cv, and the names of three references to UWC Director 
Search, c/o Dr. Blake Scott, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of Writing and Rhetoric, P.O. Box 161345, University of Central Florida, 
Orlando, FL 32816-1345. For more information, see http://writingandrhetoric.
cah.ucf.edu/or contact bscott@mail.ucf.edu. 

UCF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


U of Central Florida 

Writing & R hetoric, PO Box 161345 Orlando FL 32816 

Assistant or Associate Professor and Director of Writing Across the 
Curriculum 13900 

http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf.edu 
The newly formed Department of Writing and Rhetoric is searching for 
an Assistant or Associate Professor and Director of UCF’s new Writing 
across the Curriculum (WAC) program. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric and Composition or a related field from an accredited institution 
at the time of hiring, t wo years of exper ience teaching writing at 
the college level, and college-level administrative experience. Preferred 
candidates will have a demonstrated excellence in teaching college-level 
wr iting, a developing record of scholarship in WAC and/or wr iting in 
the disciplines, a successful track record of administration and assessment 
relevant to an interdisciplinary writing program, and grant writing experience. 
This is a 12-month position with a 1–1 teaching load and the 

expectation of developing and conducting faculty workshops across campus. 
The WAC Director will be supported by a coordinator and an office as


sistant and will work closely with the Directors of Writing Outreach Programs, 
the Universit y Wr iting Center, and First-Year Composition to 
help support the implementation of a comprehensive, vertical writing experience. 
The WAC Director should have a vision for meeting the changing 
cross-disciplinary, writing-related needs of faculty and students at a 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



large metropolitan research university. Due to the UCF administration’s 
recent financial investment in the scholarship and teaching of writing, the 
new Director will be part of a vibrant rhet/comp faculty as it develops a 
range of outreach services and a new undergraduate curriculum. 

The targeted star t date is July 2011, but the position will remain open 
unti l f il led. To be considered, applicants must apply online at https:// 
www.jobswithucf.com (position # 33045). In addition to the online application, 
applicants should send a letter of application, cv, and the names 
of three references to WAC Director Search, c/o Dr. Elizabeth Wardle, 
Search Com mittee Chair, Department of Writing and Rhetoric, P.O. 
Box 161345, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816-1345. Review 
of applications will begin on November 26, 2010. For more information, 
see http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf.edu/or contact ewardle@ 
mail.ucf.edu. 

UCF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


U of Central Florida 

Writing & R hetoric, PO Box 161345 Orlando FL 32816 

Three Assistant Professors 13838 

http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf.edu 
The newly for med Department of Wr iting and Rhetoric is searching 
for three tenure-ear ning Assistant Professors in Rhetoric and Composition, 
specialization(s) open. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Composition or a related field by the time of hiring and experience 
teaching writing at the college level. Preferred candidates will have a 
demonstrated excellence in the teaching of writing, a developing scholarly 
agenda, and a relevant research specialty (including but not limited 

to computers and composition, civic and communit y literacies, writing 
in the disciplines, non-Western and global rhetorics, and/or linguistics). 
These are 9-month positions with a 3 –2 teaching load, with sum mer 

teach ing oppor t un it ies ava i lable. Teach ing responsibi l it ies w i l l t y pically 
include small sections of Honors Composition, new upper-division 
courses in writing and rhetor ic studies, and rotating graduate courses. 
Due to the UCF administration’s recent financial investment in the scholarship 
and teaching of writing, new hires will be part of a vibrant rhetoric 
and composition faculty as it develops a range of outreach services and a 
new undergraduate curriculum. 

The targeted start date is August 2011, but the positions will remain open 
until filled. To be considered, applicants must apply online separately for 
each position (38603, 32574 & 32721) at https://www.jobswithucf.com. 
In addition to the online application, applicants should send a letter of 
application, cv, and the names of three references to Assistant Professor 
Search, c/o Dr. Martha Marinara, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of Writing and Rhetoric, P.O. Box 161345, University of Central Florida, 
Orlando, FL 32816-1345. Review of applications will begin on November 
19, 2010. For more information, see http://writingandrhetoric.cah.ucf 
.edu/or contact mmarinar@mail.ucf.edu. 

UCF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


U of South Florida 

English, 4202 E. Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Instructor 14164 

http://english.usf.edu/ 
Instructor I: Communication for Engineers. Ph.D. in English or related 
f ield required by start date August 7, 2011. Cand idates must have appropriate 
background and successful teaching experience. 4–4 teaching 
assignment. Competitive salary plus benefits for 9-month appointment, 
renewable annually indefinitely. Letter and vita to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, 
English Department, CPR 107, University of South Florida, 4202 East 
Fowler Ave., Tampa, FL 33620-5550. Review of applications will begin 
January 31, 2011. Position open until filled. According to Florida Law, applications 
and meetings regarding them are open to the public. For ADA 
accommodations, contact Nancy Serrano (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@ 
usf.edu) five days prior to need. USF is an A A/EEO institution. [R] 


U of Tampa 

English & Writing, 401 W Kennedy Blvd, Box R Tampa FL 33606 

Assistant Professor of English (Technical Writing) 

http://https://jobs.ut.edu 
The Department of English and Writing at The University of Tampa is 
pleased to invite applications for a full-time tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English with primary expertise in composition and technical or 


professional writing to begin Fall 2011. Advanced Assistant applicants will 
be considered. 
The new faculty member will teach first-year writing, technical writing, 


and professional writing courses; teaching load is six courses per academic 
year (including four courses of first year writing). Other responsibilities 
will include student advising, committee ser vice, and ongoing scholarship. 


Desired qualifications: 
—Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric or English/English Studies with a 


concentration in Composition, Professional Communication, or Technical 
Communication. 
—Strong record of undergraduate teaching in both first-year writing and 


technical or professional writing. 


—Demonstrated scholarly activity in any area of technical or professional 
communication. 
For details and to apply on line go to: https://jobs.ut.edu 
Applicants should be prepared to attach a cover letter, current curriculum 


vitae, a one-page statement of teaching philosophy and a work sample. 


In addition, applicants will be requested to enter name and email address 
for three (3) reference providers. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the po


sition is filled 


To be assured full consideration, applications should be submitted by November 
29, 2010. 
Initial inter views wil l be conducted at MLA. Salar y competitive and 


commensurate with experience. 
We are committed to providing career opportunities to all people. 
The University of Tampa is an A ffi r mative Action/Equal Opportunity 


employer. [R] 


U of Tampa 

English & Writing, 401 W Kennedy Blvd, Box R Tampa FL 33606 

Assistant Professor of English & Writing Director of Academic Writing 13797 

http://https://jobs.ut.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/frameset/Frameset. 
The Department of English and Writing at The University of Tampa is 
pleased to invite applications for a Director of Academic Writing starting 
Fall 2011. This Assistant Professor position (Associate Professor will 
be considered) is tenure-track. Primary area of expertise will be writing 
program administration and composition studies with secondary interests 


in the following: assessment (particularly LiveText), WAC/WID, and/or 
teaching with technology. 
This position wil l be a 10 -month facult y administrative appointment. 


The successful candidate will be responsible for day-to-day operations of 
the First Year Writing (FY W ) Prog ram and wi l l teach 12 credit hours 
of F Y W per academ ic year. Duties include but are not lim ited to staffing 
all FYW courses, collaborating with faculty, leading workshops on 
curriculum and pedagog y, scheduling classes, evaluating adjunct and visiting 
faculty, responding to student concerns and overseeing placement, 
coordinating program assessment and providing training and support for 
university-wide WID. Regular faculty responsibilities include committee 
service. 


The successful candidate will have the following: 
—Ph.D. in Composition & R hetor ic, English, English Studies with a 
concentration in Composition or a related field 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


—College or university teaching experience in First-Year Writing 
—Experience in writing program administration 
—Demonstrated scholarly/professional activity in the field 
For details and to apply on line go to: https://jobs.ut.edu 
Applicants should be prepared to attach a cover letter, current curriculum, 


sample of written work, teaching philosophy and a copy of your terminal 


degree transcript. 
In addition, applicants will be requested to enter name and email address 
of three (3) reference providers. 


Review of applications will begin by November 19, 2010 and continue 
until the position is fi lled. Inter views will take place at MLA in Los Angeles 
in January 2011. 


Salary competitive and commensurate with experience. We are commit


ted to providing career opportunities to all. 
The University of Tampa is an A ffi r mative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. [R] 


U of Tampa 

English & Writing, 401 W Kennedy Blvd, Box R Tampa FL 33606 

Assistant Professor of English (World Literature) 13789 

http://https://jobs.ut.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/frameset/Frameset. 
The Department of English and Writing in the College of Arts and Let


ters at The University of Tampa seeks a candidate for a tenure-track position 
as Assistant Professor beginning in Fall 2011. 
A Ph.D. in English or a related literary field is required, with specializa


tion in World Literature, especially from the Pacific Rim, and/or the near 


or Mid-East. 
Evidence of scholarship in non-Western literature and culture is expected. 
Secondary expertise in cultural studies, post colonial literature, and/or 
theor y is desirable. Strong commitment to teaching undergraduates and 
first-year writing necessar y. 


The teaching load is six courses in an academic year three of which will 
be in First Year Writing. 
Salary competitive. 


For details and to apply on line go to: https://jobs.ut.edu. 
Applicants should be prepared to attach a cover letter, a current curriculum 
vita with a list of three references, and a brief teaching philosophy. In 
addition, applicants will be requested to enter name and email address for 
three (3) reference providers. 


Review of applications will begin November 15, 2010, and continue until 
the position is filled. 


We will schedule inter views at the MLA conference in Januar y. 
The University of Tampa is an A ffi r mative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. [R] 


GeorGiA 
Augusta SU 

English & For Langs, 2500 Walton Way Aug usta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 14129 

http://efldept.aug.edu/ 
The Department of English and Foreign Languages invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning Fall 2011. Applicants 
must have expertise in African-American Literature. Ph. D. required. 
Desirable secondary areas of expertise include grant writing and/ 
or online teaching and secondar y fields in grammar, linguistics or children’s 
literature. The successful candidate must demonstrate excellence 
in teaching and a commitment to research. Duties will include teaching 
humanities and freshman composition. For full consideration, applicants 
should send a letter of application, a detailed vita, and three letters of rec


ommendation by Januar y 30, 2011, to Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department 
of English and Foreign Languages, Augusta State University, Box 
19, 2500 Walton Way, Augusta, GA 30904. Augusta State is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


Columbus SU 

English, 4225 Universit y Av Columbus GA 31907 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH – CREATIVE NONFICTION 14011 

http://www.columbusstate.edu 
The Department of English invites MFAs and PhDs to apply for a tenure-
track position in creative nonfiction at the assistant professor rank. We 
seek someone who can teach Creative Writing with creative nonfiction 
focus and secondary emphasis in journalism. Proven track record of publication 
in creative nonfiction and ability to teach creative writing work


shops in new undergraduate creative writing track necessar y. Journalism 
experience assumed. Teaching load is 4/4. 
With nationally distinctive programs in the ar ts, education, business, 


nursing – and more – Columbus State Universit y provides a creative, 
deeply personal and relevant college exper ience. Ser ving the Southeast 
while attracting students from around the world, Columbus State thrives 
on community partnerships to deliver excellence for students who want 
to achieve personal and professional success in an increasingly global environment. 
Just 100 miles southwest of Atlanta, Columbus State University 
is proud member of the University System of Georgia, enrolling more 
than 8,400 students in a wide variety of degree programs, from online 
degrees to a doctorate in education. 

CSU has a nationally recognized track record of partnership and outreach 
through efforts such as the Cunningham Center for Leadership Development, 
Coca-Cola Space Science Center, Oxbow Meadows Environmental 
Center, and its own residence – the Spencer House – in Oxford, 
England. The University has two primar y campus locations in Columbus, 
Georgia: the orig inal campus on 150 acres in m idtown Columbus 
and a beautiful campus in historic downtown Columbus overlooking the 
Chattahoochee River. The Columbus region, with more than 350,000 
residents, is home to world-class enterprises such as Aflac, Synovus, W.C. 
Brad ley Company, TSYS and Ft. Benning, the U.S. Army’s Maneuver 
Center of Excellence headquarters, which over the next three years will 
generate 45,000 new residents and create 17,000 jobs in a seven-county 
area. For additional information about the University visit our website at 
www.ColumbusState.edu. 

The position requires an MFA or Ph.D. in Creative Wr iting with creative 
nonfiction focus and secondar y emphasis in journalism. A successful 
cr im ina l backg round check wil l be required as a condition of employment. 


For full consideration, submit a letter of application, current curriculum 
vitae, orig ina l transcr ipts, three letters of recommendation, and writing 
sample to Dr. Aaron Sanders, Department of Engl ish, Columbus 
State University, 4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907-5645. 
Applications are due by December 31, 2010. Applications for part-time 
and ful l-time facult y positions must include transcr ipts of all academic 
work, and officia l transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if 
selected for interview. Ability to meet Southern Association of Colleges 
and Schools (SACS) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate 
hours in the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Committed to Diversity 
in Hiring. 

Dr. Aaron Sanders, Department of English, Columbus State University, 
4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907-5645. Phone: (706) 5692584, 
E-mail: sanders_joseph1@colstate.edu. 

22 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Columbus SU 

English, 4225 Universit y Av Columbus GA 31907 

ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH-DIRECTOR OF 
FIRST-Y EAR COMPOSITION 14009 

http://www.columbusstate.edu 
The Depar tment of English seeks applications for a ten-month tenure-
track appointment as Director of First-Year Composition at the rank of 
Assistant or Associate Professor. Administrative duties include directing 
and assessing the composition program; mentoring, training, and evaluating 
part-time faculty; and organizing faculty development opportunities 
for composition instructors. Teaching duties include a 2–2 load of beginning 
and upper-level courses in composition and composition theor y. The 


ideal candidate will demonstrate experience in writing program administration 
and exhibit an exemplary teaching record. 
With nationally distinctive programs in the ar ts, education, business, 


nursing – and more – Columbus State Universit y provides a creative, 
deeply personal and relevant college exper ience. Ser ving the Southeast 
while attracting students from around the world, Columbus State thrives 
on community partnerships to deliver excellence for students who want 
to achieve personal and professional success in an increasingly global environment. 
Just 100 miles southwest of Atlanta, Columbus State University 
is proud member of the University System of Georgia, enrolling more 
than 8,400 students in a wide variet y of degree programs, from online 
degrees to a doctorate in education. 


CSU has a nationally recognized track record of partnership and outreach 
through efforts such as the Cunningham Center for Leadership Development, 
Coca-Cola Space Science Center, Oxbow Meadows Environmental 
Center, and its own residence – the Spencer House – in Oxford, 
England. The University has two primar y campus locations in Columbus, 
Georgia: the orig inal campus on 150 acres in m idtown Columbus 
and a beautiful campus in historic downtown Columbus overlooking the 
Chattahoochee River. The Columbus region, with more than 350,000 
residents, is home to world-class enterprises such as Aflac, Synovus, W.C. 
Brad ley Company, TSYS and Ft. Benning, the U.S. Army’s Maneuver 
Center of Excellence headquarters, which over the next three years will 
generate 45,000 new residents and create 17,000 jobs in a seven-county 
area. For additional information about the University visit our website at 
www.ColumbusState.edu. 


The position requires a Ph.D. in English. A successful cr iminal back


ground check will be required as a condition of employment. 
For full consideration, submit a letter of application, current curriculum 
vitae, three letters of recom mendation, and a sample course syl labus to 
Dr. Car men Skaggs, Department of English, Columbus State University, 
4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907-5645. Applications 
are due by December 31, 2010. Applications for part-time and full-time 
faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and official 
transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if selected for inter 
view. Abilit y to meet Souther n Association of Col leges and Schools 
(SACS) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in 
the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affi rmative Action/
Equal Opportunity Employer, Committed to Diversity in Hiring. 


Emory U 

English, N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322 

Full or Associate Professor: Director of College Writing 14152 

http://www.english.emor y.edu/ 
Director of College Writing 
The Depar tment of English seeks a Director of Col lege Writing. This 

is a tenured appointment at the rank of Full or Associate Professor. Responsibilities 
include developing a robust first-year writing curriculum, 
teaching graduate courses in composition pedagogy, and playing a cross-
departmental leadership role in all matters pertaining to undergraduate 
writing. Candidates must have a Ph.D. and a distinguished research profile, 
together with a record of excellence in the teaching of writing. 

Review of applications begins Februar y 1, 2011 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Send letter of application, c.v., and names and addresses 
of four referees to: 

Prof. Richard Rambuss 
Chair 
Department of English 
N-302 Callaway Center 
Emory University 
Atlanta, GA 30322 
Emory is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. [R] 


Georgia Inst of Tech 

Lit, Communication, & Culture, 686 Cherry St, 336 Sk iles Bldg 
Atlanta GA 30332 

COMMUNICATION CENTER DIRECTOR and ASSISTANT PROFESSOR 
IN WRITING AND COMMUNICATION 14050 

http://lcc.gatech.edu 
The School of Literature, Communication, and Culture of the Georgia 
Institute of Technology seeks applicants with a PhD in Rhetoric, Writing 
Studies, or a related field—with specialization, research, and experience 
in writing and communication—to fill a tenure-track position at 
the Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor level to serve as Director of 
an Institute-wide writing and communication center. Preference will be 
given to applicants with strong expertise in at least one of the following 
areas: digital humanities, digital media, communication in the disciplines, 
business and technical communication, or multimodal communication. 

Attention to cross-disciplinar y studies and discourses in science and technology, 
health, ethics, and/or globalization are a plus. 
The candidate will coordinate Georgia Tech’s new institute-wide writ


ing and multimodal communication center, have an established program 
of research, and teach undergraduate and graduate courses appropriate to 
that research. We seek someone whose vision includes but extends beyond 
current best practices of writing and communication centers, can work 
as part of a team that sees com munication as part of globa l and digital 
cultures, believes that communication is an intrinsic part of all disciplines, 
and is interested in developing new tools and methods in educational 
computing. The center wil l help students with a broad range of interactive, 
multimodal, and collaborative forms of written, oral, and visual 
communication. 

This position requires a compelling rhetorical vision for communication 
education, the energy and interpersonal skills to realize that vision, and 
demonstrated collaborative experience in planning and/or operating an 
innovative communication center. The candidate will lead a team to define 
the work of this center, direct its operation, and train and supervise 
peer and professional tutors. 

The School of Literature, Communication, and Culture supports several 
undergraduate and graduate degrees, offers four minors, including one in 
technical communication, offers a program in film and media studies, and 
provides a core of humanities studies for the Institute. Candidates should 
be prepared to engage faculty and supervise students across the School’s 
various programs. For additional information about the School, consult 
our web site <http://lcc.gatech.edu>, and for further information on the 
Wr iting and Communication Program, go to <http:// lcc.gatech.edu/ 
writingcomm>. 

In addition to a letter of application, submit a current cv, sample syllabi, 
teaching statement, research statement, and the names of three references. 
Email mater ials to hiring@ lcc.gatech.edu; or address cor respondence 
to Jocelyn Thomas, Assistant to the Chair, School of Literature, Communication, 
and Culture, Georgia Institute of Technolog y, Atlanta, GA 
30332-0165. We shall beg in reviewing completed applications on December 
1. The Georgia Institute of Technolog y is an equal opportunity/ 
affi rmative action employer. LCC is especially interested in considering 
applications from women and minority candidates 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Georgia Inst of Tech 

Lit, Communication, & Culture, 686 Cherry St, 336 Sk iles Bldg 
Atlanta GA 30332 

Assistant Professor 13848 

http://lcc.gatech.edu 
The School of Literature, Communication and Culture of the Georgia 
Institute of Technolog y seeks applications from digital media specialists 

with a Ph.D. (field open) to fi ll a tenure-track position at the Assistant 
Professor level. 
The candidate should have an established program of research in digital 

media, which connects the humanities, design, and computation. Possible 
areas of expertise include but are not limited to: interactive narrative, 
electronic literature, game studies, information design, interaction/experience 
design, digital communication, the digital moving image, digital 
art, social media, and related fields. The specific area of practice is less important 
than a commitment to understanding and exploring digital media 
as a tool for expression, communication, and social change. 

The candidate's research should demonstrate success in or strong potential 
for sponsorship from government agencies, foundations, or corporate donors. 
The successful candidate should demonstrate a commitment to the 
integration of theor y and practice. Preference will be given to candidates 
with interests that cross multiple fields, particularly blends of computing 
and liberal arts disciplines. 

The candidate should be prepared to teach and advise across the standard 
cur r iculum of the school’s BS in Computational Media and MS/PhD 
in Digital Media, including introductor y and advanced undergraduate 
courses in the theory, history, creation, and use of computational media, 
design, and theory. 

The School of Literature, Communication, and Culture supports several 
undergraduate and graduate degrees, offers a growing program in computational 
media and digital media, and provides a core of humanities studies 
for the Institute. New hires should be ready to engage in dialogue with 
faculty members from the different fields in LCC, and will have the opportunity 
to participate in LCC's drama, film, poetry, and science fiction 
initiatives. For additional information on the School, consult our web site 
at: http://lcc.gatech.edu. 

In addition to a letter of application, kindly submit sample syllabi, cv and 
portfolio, and the names of three references. Email materials to hiring@ 
lcc.gatech.edu; or address correspondence to Jocelyn Thomas, Assistant 
to the Chair, School of Literature, Communication, and Culture, Georgia 
Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332-0165. We shall begin reviewing 
completed applications on December 1. The Georgia Institute of 
Technolog y is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer. LCC is 
especially interested in considering applications from women and minority 
candidates. 

Georgia Inst of Tech 

Lit, Communication, & Culture, 686 Cherry St, 336 Sk iles Bldg 
Atlanta GA 30332 

Assistant Professor 13849 

http://lcc.gatech.edu 
The School of Literature, Communication and Culture of the Georgia 
Institute of Technology seeks applications from specialists in the cultural 
studies of science and technology with a Ph.D. in an appropriate area or 
with equivalent experience to fill a tenure-track position at the Assistant 
Professor level. Candidates should have an established program of research 
that connects science, technology, and the humanities. Possible areas of 
expertise include but are not limited to: biomedia/biomedicine; cognitive 
studies; globalization; and science, technology, and literar y studies. Ap


plicants with strong expertise in the study of narrative across genres and 
media are especially encouraged to apply. 
The School of Literature, Communication and Culture is a unit of the 

Ivan Allen College, Georgia Tech’s liberal arts college. The department 

offers two undergraduate degrees: a B.S. in Science, Technolog y and Culture 
that emphasizes the intersection of science, technology, and the humanities, 
and a B.S. in Computational Media that explores the use of the 
computer as a medium for communication and expression. At the graduate 
level, LCC offers both an M.S. and a Ph.D. in Digital Media and M.S. 
in Human-Computer Interaction. Candidates should be prepared to teach 
primarily within the Science, Technology and Culture program. At the 
same time, candidates should be prepared to engage faculty and supervise 
students across the School’s other programs. For additional information 
on the School, consult our web site at: http://www.lcc.gatech.edu. 

In addition to a letter of application, kindly submit sample syllabi, cv, and 
the names of three references. Email materials to hiring@lcc.gatech.edu; 
or address correspondence to Jocelyn Thomas, Assistant to the Chair, 
School of Literature, Communication, and Culture, Georgia Institute of 
Technolog y, Atlanta, GA 30332-0165. We shal l beg in reviewing completed 
applications December 1. The Georgia Institute of Technology is 
an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. LCC is especially interested 
in considering applications from women and minority candidates. 

Georgia Southwestern SU 

English & Mod Langs, 800 Georgia SW State Universit y Dr A mericus 
GA 31709 

Assistant Professor of English— Generalist 14204 

http://gsw.peopleadmin.com 
This is a tenure-track position to begin August 2011, in our Department 
of English and Modern Languages, a division of the College of Arts and 
Sciences. Position requires a person with a broad base of training in literature 
and writing; preference will be given to candidates with expertise 
in 20c British Literature, Renaissance literature. Duties will include a 4/4 
teaching load of primarily introductor y and upper division composition/ 
literature courses. PhD required at time of appointment. The successful 
candidate will demonstrate an appreciation of the department's undergraduate 
teaching mission and a commitment to service and scholarship. 
Apply online https://gsw.peopleadmin.com 

North Georgia C & SU 

English, Dunlap Hall Dahlonega GA 30597 

Assistant Professor of Modern & Contemporary British Literature 13926 

http://www.northgeorgia.edu 
Job Description: 
As part of a major initiative in the diversity and internationalization of the 


North Georg ia College & State University campus, the Department of 
English invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Modern 
& Contemporar y British literature with a secondar y expertise in Post 
Colonial and/or Ethnic Studies (viz. Indian, Middle Eastern, Global literatures). 


Anticipated start date is August, 2011. 
Job Duties 
Teaching responsibilities include but are not limited to teaching survey 


courses in British literature, World literature, and upper-level courses in 
areas of specialization. Ever yone in the English Department is also expected 
to teach freshman composition each semester. Other responsibilities 
include teaching 12 hours per semester, engaging in departmental, 
community, and university service, research and publication. 


Qualifications 
Ph.D. in hand by August, 2011. 
To apply for this position: 
Applicants may apply by http://apache.northgeorgia.edu/adminsr v/hr/ 


jobs/00364.html?job=00364. 
Please upload as attachments a letter of application and curriculum vita 
that includes names of your references along with contact information for 
those references. 


24 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Minorities are encouraged to apply. 


Review of applications will begin November 1, 2010 and continue until 
the position has been filled. 
We will interview at MLA. [R] 


Oglethorpe U 

English, 4484 Peachtree Rd NE Atlanta GA 30319 

Assistant Professor of English and American literature 13903 

http://www.oglethorpe.edu 
Assistant professor, tenure-track position beginning fall, 2011. Ph.D. in 
modern and contemporar y literature with emphasis on prose fiction, and 
secondar y fields in 19th Century, post-colonial literature and/or film. 3/3 
teaching load. All English faculty teach 1/3 of load in an interdisciplinary 
fi rst-year core course in the humanities, and ser ve on facult y comm it-
tees. Candidates should submit application letter, cv, and three letters of 
recommendation electronically to englishsearch@oglethorpe.edu by December 
7, 2010. Oglethorpe University is an independent liberal arts college, 
located in suburban Atlanta. It is a member of the Annapolis group 
of the nations's most selective liberal arts colleges. EOE [R] 


Paine C 

Humanities, 1235 Fifteenth St Augusta GA 30901 

Assistant Professor of English 14265 

http://www.paine.edu 
Paine College (Augusta, GA) invites applications for several positions for 
Assistant Professor in English in the following expertise areas: Creative 
Writing, African-American Literature, British Literature, Rhetoric and 
Composition, Writing for New Media, and Linguistics. Successful candidates 
will possess a doctoral degree in their field of expertise. Professors 
are expected to teach upper d ivision courses as well as first and second 

year composition and other core courses. Course load is 4–4 with service 
on department and college-wide committees required. 
Contact: 
Dr. Emily Williams, Chair of the Division of Humanities 
Dr. Tina Marshall-Bradley, Associate Vice President of Academic Affairs 
Paine College, 1235 Fifteenth Street, Augusta, GA 30901 
706-821-8326 
www.paine.edu 
Review of applications will begin immediately. For serious consideration, 

applications should be submitted by January 30, 2011. [R] 


Shorter U 

Humanities, 315 Shorter Ave Rome GA 30165 

Assistant Professor of English 14226 

http://www.shorter.edu 
Begins: August 2011 
Responsibilities: Teach core composition and literature courses, as well as 


upper-level professional and creative writing courses. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or creative writing with specialization in 
rhetoric and composition, creative writing, and/or professional writing. 
Strong desire to teach, mentor, and advise undergraduates, to facilitate the 


growth of the writing program, and to support the Christian mission of 
Shorter University. 
Application deadline: May 2011. Open interviews at MLA in Los Angeles 


(contact bmcfry@shorter.edu for details). 
The required online application is located at the following link: 
https://home.eease.adp.com/recruit/?id=547918 
Requirements for consideration: In addition to the required online ap


plication, please subm it cover letter, unofficial transcripts, statement of 


teaching philosophy, statement of faith, and three current letters of reference 
to: 
Human Resources 
Shorter University 
315 Shorter Avenue 

Rome, GA 30165 
Please be sure your name and the position for which you are applying are 
clearly marked on all submissions. 

Sho r t e r Un ive r s it y i s a G e or g i a B a pt i s t C onve n t io n i n s t it u t i o n . 
EOE. [R] 


U of Georgia 

English, 254 Park Hall Athens GA 30602 

Assistant Professor in Digital Humanities 14260 

http://english.uga.edu/ 
The English Department and the Department of Theater and Film Studies 
at the University of Georgia invite applications for a joint appointment 
as an assistant professor in Digital Humanities specializing in programming 
and multimedia. A terminal degree is required by the time the appointment 
begins on August 15, 2011, preferably a PhD in drama, fi lm, 
or performance studies. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate 
and graduate classes to introduce digital humanities and programming 
with interactive media. Other courses may include topics in the candi


date's scholarly area and new interdisciplinar y courses. The academic year 
teaching load is 2/2, incorporating a mix of classes in both departments. 
This appointment will be part of an ongoing effort by the University to 

build a significant digital humanities infrastructure involving faculty and 
facilities housed in several departments across the institution, including 
the Classics Department, the School of Art, the Willson Center for the 
Humanities, and ICE (Ideas for Creative Exploration). 

Applicants should present a research portfolio that demonstrates significant 
achievement developing innovative approaches to visual izing humanities 
research as an alternative form of scholarly publication and/or 
pedagogy. Candidates should send a letter of interest including a link to 
their portfolio accessible on l ine, a cv, and three letters of reference, a l l 
in PDF, to Steven Carroll, scar1106@uga.edu. Applications received by 
January 31, 2011 will receive full consideration. 

The Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, its many units, and the University 
of Georgia are committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty 
and students, and sustaining a work and learning environment that is inclusive. 
Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. The University if an EEO/AA institution. [R] 


U of Georgia 

English, 254 Park Hall Athens GA 30602 

Director, Willson Center for Humanities and Arts 14137 

http://www.hr.uga.edu/dir-wcha.pdf 
The Universit y of Georg ia is searching for an outstanding scholar and 
dynam ic leader who will help to elevate the established Willson Center 
for Humanities and Arts (http://www.cha.uga.edu/) to a position of 
national prominence. Reporting to the Vice President for Research but 
equally fostered by the Dean of the Franklin College, the Willson Center 
is the catalyst for interdisciplinary work in the humanities and arts at 
UGA. Founded in 1987 and named for its benefactors in 2005, the Center 
promotes scholarship through a faculty grants program and by supporting 

lectures, symposia, publications, visiting scholars and artists, collaborative 
instruction, public conferences, exhibitions and performances. 
Applications should be submitted prior to Februar y 21, 2011; however, 

the position will remain open until filled. 
For a complete position description and more information, please visit our 
website at:http://www.hr.uga.edu/dir-wcha.pdf 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Email submissions with cover letter and curriculum vitae attachments are 

preferred. Please send to: executivesearch@uga.edu 
The University of Georgia is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Institution [R] 


HAwAi‘i 
U of Hawai‘i, Manoa 

English, 1733 Donaghho Rd, Kuy 402 Honolulu HI 96822 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH 14015 

http://english.hawaii.edu 
Full-time, tenure-track position in Eighteenth-century English-language 
Literatures, beginning August 1, 2011 (position number 84567); pending 
position clearance and availability of funding. Teaching Duties: teach introductory 
composition and literature courses as well as upper-division 
and graduate-level courses; 2–2 teaching load first year and at least one 
other year during probationary period; 3–2 load in other years. Minimum 
Qua lif ications: Ph.D. in English, or comparable specialt y; dissertation 
and/or publications in literature in English circa 1660 –1815; demonstrated 
commitment to teaching; evidence of scholarly activity and potential 
in the f ield. Desirable Qualif ications: abilit y to teach in and/or 
publications focusing on one or more of the following areas: queer studies; 
the literature of exploration, especially in the Pacific; postcolonial studies. 
Salar y: commensurate with experience and background. Send letter 
of application and CV to Professor Jeffrey Carroll, Chair, English Department, 
University of Hawai‘i at Manoa, 1733 Donaghho Road, Honolulu 
HI 96822. The Universit y of Hawai‘i at Manoa is com mitted to equal 
opportunity and aff irmative action. Closing Date: December 1, 2010. 
Initia l inter views wi ll be conducted at M LA in Los A ngleles in January 
2011. [R] 


U of Hawai‘i, Manoa 

English, 1733 Donaghho Rd, Kuy 402 Honolulu HI 96822 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH, Poet and/or Novelist 14014 

http://english.hawaii.edu 
Full-time, tenure-track position in Creative Writing starting August 1, 
2011 ( position number 83595); pending position clearance and avai lability 
of funding. Teaching Duties: teach introductor y composition and 
literature courses as well as upper-division and graduate-level courses in 
Creative Writing, as well as courses in literature; 2–2 teaching load first 
year and at least one other year during probationar y period; 3–2 load in 
other years. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. or M.F.A. in English; with 
strong publishing record. Desirable Qualifications: creative and teaching 
interest in any of the following areas: Hawai‘ian and/or Pacific literar y 
traditions, international literature, non-realist writing, gender and sexuality, 
mixed genres, translation. Salar y: commensurate with experience and 
background. Send letter of application and CV to Professor Jeffrey Carroll, 
Chair, English Department, University of Hawai‘i at Manoa, 1733 
Donaghho Road, Honolulu, HI 96822. The Universit y of Hawai‘i at 
Manoa is committed to equal opportunity and affirmative action. Closing 
Date: December 1, 2010. Initial interviews will be conducted at MLA in 
Los Angeles in January 2011. [R] 


illinois 
C of Lake County 

For Langs Prog, 19351 W Washington St Grayslake IL 60030 

English Instructor, Full-Time Tenure Track, August 2011 13978 

http://jobs.clcillinois.edu 

What do you value? 

• Learning 
• Quality 
• Innovation 
• Diversity 
• Integrity 
• Collaboration 
• Leadership 
• Accountability 
• Service 
The College of Lake County is a comprehensive community college that 
del ivers high qualit y, accessible lear ning opportunities to advance student 
success and strengthen the diverse communities served. Our faculty 
play an integral role in this mission. We strive to be an innovative educational 
institution that is widely recognized for student success, business 
and community partnerships, and the achievements of faculty, staff and 
alumni who live our uncompromising values. 

English Instructor – Two (2) Positions 

This position requires teaching sections of Composition I, II and Developmental 
English. Other responsibilities include academ ic advisement, 
curriculum development, recruitment and retention, and service on college 
and division committees. 

Required Qualifications: 

• Master's degree in English. 
College Distr ict: The College of Lake Count y ser ves a diverse distr ict 
with the third largest population in the Illinois community college system—
713,000 residents living in more than 50 demographically distinct 
communities. The district, located halfway between Chicago and Milwaukee, 
offers many premiere entertainment and recreation attractions, 
including 75 inland lakes, extensive forest preserves, and nationally recognized 
theatre, music and dance companies. 

Enrollment: We have a diverse student body with more than 18,000 students 
in credit programs. Forty-nine percent are enrolled in baccalaureate 
transfer programs and 38 percent in career programs. Fifty three percent 
are aged 24 or under and 39 percent are members of a minority group. 

Full-Time Faculty: 221; 21 percent with doctorates. 

Accreditation: The college is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission 
and is a member of the North Central Association. 
For detailed job descriptions and to apply: Applications are accepted only 

online at jobs.clcillinois.edu through Januar y 7, 2011. 
The College of Lake County is an equal opportunity employer and has a 
strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, the college seeks a broad 
spectrum of candidates including minorities, women and people with disabilities. 
EOE/AA/M/F/D/V 

DePaul U 

English, 802 W Belden Chicago IL 60614 

Assistant Professor in En glish 

http://facultyopportunities.depaul.edu/ 
The DePaul Universit y Department of English invites applications for 
a tenure-track position beginning in September 2011 in Nineteenth-
Century American literature, with an emphasis on literature and culture 
before the Civil War. Secondary interests in Caribbean, African, or other 
world literatures in English are particularly welcome. The successful can


didate will teach undergraduate and graduate classes in DePaul's large and 
vibrant undergraduate English major and MA programs. 
We seek a candidate with a strong record of publication, a commitment to 

ongoing scholarly productivity, demonstrated expertise in teaching, and 
appropriate terminal degree in hand by September 2011. 

26 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



One of the largest private universities in the country, DePaul offers graduate 
and undergraduate deg rees on two campuses. We seek candidates 
with experience teaching undergraduate and graduate students of diverse 
backgrounds, and sensitivity to the educational goals of a multicultural 
student population. Tenure-track faculty participate in advising and service 
and may teach in DePaul's interdisciplinar y programs, including Liberal 
Studies and Honors. We particularly seek candidates who mirror the 
diversity of the university and its urban setting, and we specifically solicit 
applications from women, people of color, and individuals from other historically 
underrepresented groups. 

Applications must be submitted online at: 
facultyopportunities.depaul.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=50723 
The deadline for applications is Monday, November 8, 2010. 

Northwester n U 

Communication Studies, Frances Searle Bldg 2240 Campus Drive R m 
2;118 Evanston IL 60208 

Assistant Professor 13993 

http://www.northwestern.edu/ 
The Department of Communication Studies at Northwestern University 
is seeking to hire in the area of rhetoric and public culture for a tenure-
track appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor. The successful candidate 
will be expected to publish innovative research, teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses, and per for m professional ser vice com mensurate 
with rank. We welcome applicants who have a background in the theoretical, 
historical, or critical study of public media. We are particularly 
interested in scholars who are engaged with the problems, themes, and 
methods of the rhetorical tradition, and who are prepared to contribute 
to significant conversations about communication, culture, and modernity. 
Areas of specialization can include but are not limited to: histories of 
media and mediation in civil society; visual media and public spectator-
ship; media and modes of civic performance; public discourse in multimedia 
environments; reception and re-appropriation in public cultures; 

cultural inflections of citizenship, the public, and modernity in the context 
of globalization. 
The Department of Communication Studies supports a popular under


graduate major and graduate programs in Media, Technolog y, and Society, 
Interaction and Social Influence, and Rhetoric and Public Culture. 
Scholarship includes leading work on new media, social networks, and 
the cultural determination of the public sphere. Through special resources 
for research support and scholarly event program m ing, the depar tment 
is able to offer r ich oppor tunities for scholarly development. School of 
Communication faculty also can have opportunities during their career at 
Northwestern to teach and conduct research at the Northwestern University 
campus in Doha, Qatar. 

Candidates should send a cover letter, CV, a publication or work in progress, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of recommendation. 
We particularly encourage applications by women and minorities. 
The search committee will start reviewing files by November 30, but will 
continue reviewing files until the position is filled. Start date for the position 
is September 2011. Applications should be sent to Robert Hariman, 
2240 Campus Drive, Evanston, IL 60208. AA/EOE. 

Northwester n U 

Communication Studies, Frances Searle Bldg 2240 Campus Drive R m 
2;118 Evanston IL 60208 

Assistant Professor 13959 

The Department of Communication Studies at Northwestern University 
is seeking to hire in organizational communication for an appointment 
in at the rank of Assistant Professor. The successful candidate will be expected 
to publish innovative research, teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses, and perform professional service commensurate with rank. We 
welcome applicants from a range of theoretical and methodological approaches 
who study either formal or informal organizations, or the pro


cess of organizing more broadly. We are particularly interested in scholars 
who study the communicative aspects of distributed work, social movement 
processes, innovation, globalization, technological change, virtual 
worlds, and organizing processes in healthcare and the creative industries. 
The position includes the opportunity to teach in a professional master’s 
degree program. 

The Department of Communication Studies supports a popular undergraduate 
major and graduate programs in Media, Technolog y, and Society, 
Interaction and Social Influence, and Rhetoric and Public Culture. 
Scholarship includes leading work on new media, social networks, and 
the cultural determination of the public sphere. Through special resources 
for research support and scholarly event program m ing, the depar tment 
is able to offer r ich oppor tunities for scholarly development. School of 
Communication faculty also can have opportunities during their career at 
Northwestern to teach and conduct research at the Northwestern University 
campus in Doha, Qatar. 

Candidates should send a cover letter, CV, a publication or work in progress, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of recommendation. 
We particularly encourage applications by women and minorities. 
The search committee will start reviewing files by November 30, but will 
continue reviewing fi les until the position is fi lled. Start date for the position 
is September 2011. Applications should be sent to Ellen Wartella, 
2240 Campus Drive, Evanston, IL 60208. AA/EOE. 

Roosevelt U 

Lit & Langs, 430 S Michigan Av R m 724 Chicago IL 60605 

Assistant Professor of English and Creative Writing 

http://www.roosevelt.edu/CAS/Programs/LIT/CreativeWriting 
The Department of Literature and Lang uages at Roosevelt Universit y 
welcomes applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
and Creative Writing. The successful candidate will be a creative writer 

with primar y specialization in Fiction and secondary specialization in either 
Creative Nonfiction or Poetry. 
MFA or Ph.D. required by August 2011. Candidates should have at least 

one published book of fiction from a nationally recognized press; a published 
book or signif icant magazine/journal publications in poetr y or 
creative nonfiction, and evidence of ongoing scholarly and/or creative interests. 


Evidence of strong university teaching required; experience working in 
an MFA program (e.g., advising, thesis supervision, working with a reading 
series, working with literary publications) preferred. Ability and interest 
in teaching one or several of the following courses is desirable: literary 
production and editing, literar y journalism, writing about place, form and 
theory, scriptwriting. Interest in and experience with developing community-
based outreach programs is also desirable. 

The standard teaching load at Roosevelt is six courses per year on the 
semester system, with an average literature class size of 20 and graduate 
workshop size of 10. 

Applicants should upload a letter detailing qualifications and experience, 
a current CV, statement of teaching philosophy (in the Statements field), 
and a 20-page writing sample of fiction (in the Other Document field) to 
jobs.roosevelt.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=51114 

Applicants should also send three letters of reference to Search Committee 
Chair, Department of Literature and Languages, Roosevelt University, 
430 S. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60605. 

We will interview at the MLA convention in Los Angeles. 

Applicants should direct discipline-specific questions to Search Committee 
Chair Scott Blackwood at sblackwood@roosevelt.edu. 
Application materials must be received by November 29, 2010. 
Roosevelt University welcomes women, LGBT, disabled, international, 


minority-classified individuals as applicants for all positions. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


U of Chicago Library 

The Universit y of Chicago Librar y, 1100 East 57th Street Chicago IL 

BIBLIOGR APHER FOR MIDDLE EAST STUDIES 13991 

http://academiccareers.uchicago.edu/applicants/Central?quick 
The University of Chicago Librar y invites applicants for the position of 
Bibl iographer for M idd le East Studies. The Midd le East collection in 
the University of Chicago Library is recognized by scholars throughout 
North America, Europe, and the Middle East as one of the premier research 
collections in Middle Eastern and Islamic studies. As well as an 
unparalleled collection in Persian on the economic, political, and social 
histor y of Iran, holdings in Ottoman histor y and literature are unequalled 
in the U.S. Other special strengths include modern Turkish literature and 
histor y, and classical and modern Arabic literature. The collection contains 
unique holdings of twentieth-century Persian serials, nineteenth-
and early twentieth-century Ottoman serials and government documents, 
women’s magazines in Arabic, Persian, and Ottoman, publications of the 


Muslim Brotherhood, and current government and statistical materials in 
Arabic, Persian, and Turkish. 
The collection has significant holdings covering the modern Jewish state. 


Areas of strengths include materials on modern Jewish culture and his-
tor y; origins and development of Zionism; the development of modern 
Hebrew literature as well as the founding of Israel, its economic development, 
and regional relationships. 


OVERVIEW OF RESPONSIBILITIES: The Bibliographer for Middle 
East Studies develops, manages, and promotes Library services and collections 
in all formats covering the Middle East including modern Israel 
since the rise of Islam (6th century C.E.) to the present. The Bibliographer 
is responsible for a program of librar y services that connects scholars 
with content in an increasing array of for mats. The Bibliog rapher wi l l 
work closely with Library and University departments and programs to 
support teaching and research needs of faculty and students. He/she will 
collaborate with University faculty and Librar y staff in the development 
and management of digital projects and will work with Librar y and faculty 
on grant proposals that support and enhance collection access. This 
position manages a staff of approximately 2 FTE. 


For additional information about the Library and the Middle East Collection: 
http://www.lib.uchicago.edu/e/su/mideast/. For a more complete 
position description: http://www.lib.uchicago.edu/e/jobs/. 


QUALIFICATIONS: Education: A graduate librar y degree from an accredited 
librar y school and graduate work in Middle Eastern studies, or a 
Ph.D. in Middle Eastern studies is required. Experience: Significant experience 
in a research librar y performing collection development, reference, 
cataloging, or acquisitions work is required. Evidence of specialized 
bibliographic and reference work in Middle Eastern studies is essential. 
Skills: Candidates must demonstrate an ability to work effectively with 
faculty, students and staff and possess excellent oral, written, and interpersonal 
communications skills. A high degree of computer literacy and 
a demonstrated interest in the application of information technologies in 
the humanities and social sciences are required. Experience with granting 
agencies and proposal writing is strongly preferred. Languages: Good 
knowledge of English and Arabic required; good reading knowledge of at 
least two of the languages of the region-modern Hebrew, Persian, Turkish 
(Ottoman and modern)-and one or more Western European languages, 
preferably German and French. [R] 


U of Illinois, Springfield 

English, MSUHB 3050 1 Universit y Plz Springfield IL 62703 

Instructor of English in World Literature 13843 

http://www.uis.edu 
The English Department at the University of Illinois Springfield has an 
opening beginning Fall 2011 for a non-tenure-track faculty position in 
World Literature. Requirements include an ABD (Ph.D. preferred) in English, 
Comparative Literature, or related area from an accredited univer


sity. Secondar y field in literary theor y or Transatlantic studies is preferred; 
teaching experience at the col lege or universit y level is welcome. The 
successful candidate must have the ability to teach English Department 
core courses, General Education, and composition and must be willing 
to teach both on-campus and online classes. The position is for one academic 
year (nine-month appointment) with the possibility of renewal. 

APPLICATION: Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference 
to: World Literature Search Committee, English Dept, UHB 3050, 
University of Illinois Springfield, One University Plaza, Springfield, IL 
62703. Deadline of application is November 22, 2010. Please indicate if 
you plan to attend the MLA. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA 
Convention in Los Angeles, by phone, and on campus. All applications 
will be acknowledged by mail. 

A BOUT UIS: 
Located in the state capital, the Universit y of Il l inois Spring field is the 
third campus of the University of Illinois. The UIS campus serves over 
5,100 students in 20 graduate and 23 undergraduate programs. The academic 
curriculum of the campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, 
an array of professional programs, extensive opportunities in experiential 
education, and a broad engagement in public affairs issues. The campus 
offers many small classes, substantial student-faculty interaction, and 
a technology-enhanced learning environment. Its diverse student body 
includes traditional, non-traditional, and international students. Twenty-
five percent of majors are in 17 undergraduate and graduate online degree 
programs, and the campus has received several national awards for its 
implementation of online learning. UIS faculty members are committed 
teachers, active scholars, and professionals in service to society. To learn 
more, visit the universit y web page at http://www.uis.edu and the department 
website at http://www.uis.edu/english/. UIS is an affi rmative 
action/equal opportunity employer. Persons with disabilities, women, and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of Illinois, Springfield 

English, MSUHB 3050 1 Universit y Plz Springfield IL 62703 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing) 

http://www.uis.edu 
The English Department at the University of Illinois Springfield invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor specializing in creative 
writing to begin August 2011. Preferred secondar y qualifications include 
expertise in or experience teaching composition and/or digital rhetoric. 
The successful candidate will teach three courses each term. Responsibilities 
include teaching lower-division, upper-division, and graduate 
seminars in area of specialty, core courses for the department, and composition 
and general education courses as needed. Candidates should expect 
to teach 1–2 online courses each year. A Ph.D. in English with a 
focus on creative writing is required at the time of appointment, as well 
as evidence of scholarly potential. Send letter of application and CV to: 
Creative Writing Search Committee, English Department, UHB 3050, 
University of Illinois Springfield, One University Plaza, Springfield, IL 
62703, or eng@uis.edu (use the subject line: “Creative Writing Search”). 
Deadline of application is November 26, 2010. Please indicate if you plan 

to attend the MLA Convention. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA 
Convention in Los Angeles and on campus. 
Located in the state capital, the Universit y of Illinois Spring field is the 

third campus of the University of Illinois. The UIS campus serves over 
5,100 students in 20 graduate and 23 undergraduate programs. The academic 
curriculum of the campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, 
an array of professional programs, extensive opportunities in experiential 
education, and a broad engagement in public affairs issues. The campus 
offers many small classes, substantial student-faculty interaction, and 
a technology-enhanced learning environment. Its diverse student body 
includes traditional, non-traditional, and international students. Twenty-
five percent of majors are in 17 undergraduate and graduate online degree 
programs, and the campus has received several national awards for its 
implementation of online learning. UIS faculty members are committed 
teachers, active scholars, and professionals in service to society. Visit the 

28 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



university web page at http://www.uis.edu and the department website 
at http://w ww.uis.edu/english/. UIS is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 
employer. Persons with disabilities, women, and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 


indiAnA 
Ball SU 

English, 2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant/Associate Professor/Rhetoric and Composition: WPA 14076 

http://www.bsu.edu 
Tenure-track facult y position available August 19, 2011. Responsibilities: 
teach and develop underg raduate and graduate courses in rhetor ic 
and composition; direct graduate student research; share in administrative 
responsibilities that are part of the Rhetoric and Composition area (i.e., 
University Core Curriculum [UCC], Writing Program, National Writing 
Project site, or writing center). Minimum qualifications: earned doctorate 
w ith emphasis in rhetoric and composition or related f ield by August 
19, 2011; two years of experience in writing program administration 
in a writing center, a writing program, a National Writing Project site, 
or similar program; record of scholarship, publications, and/or presentations 
in primar y area(s) of scholarship; record of effective college teaching 
of at least six semesters; successful application of technolog y to writing 
instruction. Preferred qualifications: innovative use of emerging media 
technologies; experience with immersive or experiential learning; record 

of successful grant applications; graduate teaching experience in rhetoric 
and composition. 
Send cover letter, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact informa


tion for three references to: Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, 
Department of English, Bal l State Universit y, Muncie, IN 47306. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
the position is filled. (www.bsu.edu/english) 

The Department of English seeks to attract an active, culturally and academically 
diverse faculty of the highest caliber. Ball State University is 
an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer and is strongly and actively 
committed to diversity within its community. [R] 


Indiana Wesleyan U 

Mod Lang, Lit, & Communication, 4201 S Washington St Marion IN 
46953 

Full-Time Faculty Member in TESOL/English Education 13858 

http://www.iwu.jobs 
Indiana Wesleyan University’s College of Arts and Sciences seeks a facult 
y member with specialization in TESOL and Eng lish education to 
serve in the Division of Modern Language and Literature. A PhD or EdD 
in TESOL or English education and exper ience teaching in the public 
schools are prefer red. Because the chair manship of the division is expected 
to open in the near future, applicants with demonstrated leadership 
sk il ls are encouraged to apply. Applicants should present ev idence 
of teaching excellence, active scholarship, a strong comm itment to the 
Chr istian faith and the unit y of faith and learning in al l dimensions of 
un iversit y l ife. They must also be able to sign an evangelical statement 
of Christian faith in the Wesleyan tradition. Especially welcome are ap


plications from those who bring diverse ethnic, racial, and international 
perspectives to their teaching, scholarship, and Christian faith. 
Providing a liberal arts education for residential students, the College of 

Arts and Sciences enrolls 2800 students. The Division of Modern Language 
and Literature offers majors in English, English education, Spanish, 
Spanish education, TESOL, TESOL education, and writing and operates 
a writing center and a language lab. Para-curricular organizations include 
an English and Writing Club, La Amistad Hispánica (Spanish Club) and 
Caesura, a student literary magazine. Sixteen full-time faculty members 
currently teach and oversee curriculum development and para-curricular 

operations. Responsibilities begin August 2011, pending funding. Online 
application materials can be accessed at www.iwu.jobs. Questions may be 
directed to Dr. Craig Edwards, c/o Pam Sempel at pam.sempel@indwes 
.edu. 

Founded in 1920, Indiana Wesleyan University is a Christian academic 
communit y. A member of the Council of Chr istian Col leges and Universities, 
it is ranked by U.S. News and World Report among the Best in 
the Midwest master’s universities, is listed among “America’s Best College 
Buys,” and is recognized among the top tier of the Best Christian Workplaces 
in the large organization categor y. 

Indiana Wesleyan U 

Mod Lang, Lit, & Communication, 4201 S Washington St Marion IN 
46953 

Full-Time Faculty Member in English Literature 13857 

http://www.iwu.jobs 
Indiana Wesleyan University’s College of Arts and Sciences seeks a facult 
y member with special ization in World or Multicultural Literature, 
20th and 21st centur y British literature, and/or postcolonial literature to 
serve in the Division of Modern Language and Literature. A PhD in English 
is required. The successful candidate will teach introductory literature 
and writing classes as well as upper-level courses in a specialty area. 
Because the chairmanship of the division is expected to open in the near 
future, applicants with demonstrated leadership skills are also encouraged 
to apply. Applicants should present evidence of teaching excellence, active 
scholarship, a strong commitment to the Christian faith and the unity 
of faith and learning in all dimensions of university life. They must also 
be able to sig n an evangelica l statement of Chr istian faith in the Wesleyan 
tradition. Especially welcome are applications from those who bring 


diverse ethnic, racial, and inter nationa l perspectives to their teaching, 
scholarship, and Christian faith. 
Providing a liberal arts education for residential students, the College of 


Arts and Sciences enrolls 2800 students. The Division of Modern Language 
and Literature offers majors in English, English education, Spanish, 
Spanish education, TESOL, TESOL education, and writing and operates 
a writing center and a language lab. Para-curricular organizations include 
an English and Writing Club, La Amistad Hispánica (Spanish Club) and 
Caesura, a student literary magazine. Sixteen full-time faculty members 
currently teach and oversee curriculum development and para-curricular 
operations. Responsibilities begin August 2011, pending funding. Online 
application materials can be accessed at www.iwu.jobs. Questions may be 
directed to Dr. Craig Edwards, c/o Pam Sempel at pam.sempel@indwes 
.edu. 


Founded in 1920, Indiana Wesleyan University is a Christian academic 
com munit y. A member of the Counci l of Christian Col leges and Universities, 
it is ranked by U.S. News and World Report among the Best in 
the Midwest master’s universities, is listed among “America’s Best College 
Buys,” and is recognized among the top tier of the Best Christian Workplaces 
in the large organization category. 


U of Southern Indiana 

English, 8600 University Blvd Evansville IN 47712 

Assistant Professor in En glish 13921 

Assistant Professor in English: World Literature, College of Liberal Arts 
The English Depar tment of the Universit y of Southern Indiana invites 
applications for a tenure track assistant professor, specializing in contemporar 
y world literature in English. A Ph D must be in hand by August 
2011. The successful candidate will have broad scholarly and teaching 
interests. Desirable areas may include one or more of the following: Latin 
America, Asia, Africa, or the Middle East. Expectations include undergraduate 
teaching, active research, and depar tmental ser vice. Teaching 
duties (4/4) include upper-division literature, composition, and core cur-
r iculum courses. To apply: send letter of application, cur riculum vitae, 
full contact information for three professional references, one-page re-

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


search agenda, and one-page teaching philosophy (in Word, rich text, or 
PDF) to: English1@mail.usi.edu attn: Dr. Julia Galbus, Chair, Literature 
Search Committee, University of Southern Indiana. Electronic applications 
only. A ll appl icants are also required to submit a signed USI Faculty/
Admin application (available at www.usi.edu/facultyjobs). Review of 
applications will begin November 15, 2010, and continue until position 
is filled. Consult our website at http://www.usi.edu/libarts/english/for 
more information about the English Department at USI. The University 
of Southern Indiana is an equal opportunity, affi rmative action educator 
and employer that values diversit y, respects d ifferences, and provides a 
sense of belonging and inclusion. 

U of Southern Indiana 

English, 8600 University Blvd Evansville IN 47712 

Assistant Professor in En glish 13743 

Assistant Professor in English: 
World Literature, 
Col lege of Liberal Arts The English Department of the Universit y of 


Southern Indiana invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor, 
specializing in contemporar y world literature in English. A Ph.D. must be 
in hand by August 2011. The successful candidate will have broad scholarly 
and teaching interests. Desirable areas may include one or more of the 
following: Latin America, Asia, Africa, or the Middle East. Expectations 
include undergraduate teaching, active research, and departmental service. 
Teaching duties (4/4) include upper-division literature, composition, 
and core curriculum courses. To apply: send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, full contact information for three professional references, one-
page research agenda, and one-page teaching philosophy (in Word, rich 
text, or PDF) to: Engl ish1@ mail.usi.edu attn: Dr. Julia Galbus, Chair, 
Literature Search Committee, University of Southern Indiana. Electronic 
applications only. All applicants are also required to submit a signed USI 
Facult y/Admin application (available at www.usi.edu/facult yjobs). Review 
of applications will begin November 15, 2010, and continue until 
position is filled. Consult our website at http://www.usi.edu/libarts/english/
for more infor mation about the English Depar tment at USI. The 
University of Southern Indiana is an equal opportunity, affirmative action 
educator and employer that values diversity, respects differences and provides 
a sense of belonging and inclusion. 

iowA 
Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Assistant Professor of English: Creative Fiction Writing 14154 

http://www.grinnell.edu 
GRINNELL COLLEGE. 2-year leave replacement position in the English 
Department in Creative Fiction Writing. Assistant Professor; MFA 
required. Strong preference given to applicants who have published at 
least one novel or col lection of stor ies; applicants with substantial f iction 
publications but no book will be considered. The teaching schedule 
of five courses over t wo semesters wil l include introduction to literar y 
analysis, introductor y course on fiction wr iting, and seminar in fiction 
writing. In letters of application, candidates should discuss their interest 
in developing as a teacher and scholar in an undergraduate liberal arts college 
that emphasizes close student-faculty interaction. They also should 
discuss what they can contribute to efforts to cultivate a wide diversity 
of people and perspectives, a core value of Grinnel l Col lege. To be assured 
of full consideration, all application materials should be received by 
Januar y 7, 2011. Please submit applications online at https://jobs.grinnell 
.edu. Candidates will need to upload a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, transcr ipts (copies acceptable), and wr iting sample, and provide 
email addresses for three references. Questions about this search should 
be directed to Professor Erik Simpson at [EnglishSearch@grinnell.edu] or 
641-269-4655. AA/EOE [R] 


Loras C 

Lang & Lit, 1450 Alta Vista Dubuque IA 52001 

Assistant Professor of English 14004 

http://loras.iapplicants.com 
POSITION SUMMARY. The Loras College Division of Language and 
Literature invites applicants for a full-time, tenure-track position in Romantic 
and Victorian British Literature available August 2011. Secondar 
y background in Irish Studies or Gender Studies would be especially 
welcome. Also includes teaching first-year writing and other courses in 
an interdisciplinar y general education curriculum. Teaching load is 4–3 


or 3–1-3 with January-Term. Includes academic advising and advising on 
Senior Literature Capstone projects. 
EDUCATION AND EX PERIENCE. Ph.D. in English. Prior college 


teaching experience desirable. 
DIVISION OF LANGUAGE & LITERATURE. The English Program 
consists of nine full-time faculty members and is housed within the Language 
& Literature division consisting of twelve ful l-time facult y. The 


Language & Literature Division offers majors in English-Literature, English-
Creative Writing, and Spanish. 
APPLICATION DEA DLINE. Applications received by December 7, 


2010, wil l be given f irst consideration. For more information contact, 
Chairperson, Literature Search Committee, Dr. Kevin Koch at (563) 5887536 
or kevin.koch@loras.edu. 


APPLICATION PROCEDU R E. Applicants must go to: http:// loras 
.iapplicants.com to apply. Please upload: your letter of application and 
curriculum vitae using the UPLOAD resume feature. Do not send reference 
letters until requested. Please contact the Loras College Human and 
Organizational Development (HOD) office at (563) 588-7110 if you have 
any questions. 


A A/EOE. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Please visit 
Loras at: www.loras.edu for additional information about Loras College. 
Must pass a detailed background check. 


U of Iowa 

English, 308 EPB Iowa Cit y IA 52242 

Assistant Professor of English—Digital Literacies/Visual Cultures 13764 

http://english.uiowa.edu/ 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English in Digital Literacies/Visual 
Cultures, preferably with expertise in British and/or American Literature, 


1850 –1950. Ph.D. by August 2011 in English or related field. Evidence of 
potential for outstanding teaching and research required. 
Academic year appointment beginning August 17, 2011, to teach a mini


mum of two courses per semester at the undergraduate and graduate levels 
in digital literacies/visual cultures, with a preferred emphasis on the literar 
y histor ical per iod of 1850 to 1950. Advise Ph.D. students and direct 
their theses. Initiate and continue a program of research and publication. 


This position is part of a cluster initiative in Public Humanities in a Digital 
World. All positions in this initiative require engaging collaboratively 
with communities and organizations across and outside the universit y. 
New hires under this initiative will actively participate in exploring the 
role of digital practices on the production of scholarship and creative work 
in projects central to the humanities. 


Candidates must submit applications online at http://jobs.uiowa.edu/by 
November 10, 2010. Refer to requisition Number 58566. No paper applications 
will be accepted. Attachments to the application must include letter 
of interest, curriculum vitae, name and contact information for three 
references, and brief description of your research program. Applications 
will be acknowledged by email. Screening of applications will begin on 
October 22 and will continue until the position is fi lled. Interviews will 
be conducted at the Modern Language Association meetings in Los Angeles, 
Januar y 6–9, 2011. 


The Department of English and the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
are strongly committed to gender and ethnic diversity; the strategic plans 


ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



of the Universit y, College and Department ref lect this commitment. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University of Iowa 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

U of Northern Iowa 

English, 117 Baker Hall Cedar Falls IA 50614 

Assistant Professor of English Education 14275 

http://www.uni.edu/english 
Tenure-track position, to begin Fall 2011; competitive salar y and benefits. 
Attractive teaching load: teach secondar y English Education courses, undergraduate 
and graduate, and contribute to outreach programs includ


ing Iowa Writing Project; teach Liberal Arts Core and other department 
courses. 
Required Qualifications: doctorate in English Education (ABDs will be 

considered with evidence of degree completion by August 15, 2011); at 
least three years successful teaching English/Language Arts 7–12; documented 
knowledge of current research and practice in teaching secondar 
y English/Language Arts; strong commitment to outreach and writing 
project work; and evidence of potential for excel lence in teaching, research, 
publishing, and professional service in secondar y English Education. 
Pre-employment background checks are required. 

To Apply: Send the following to Dr. James Davis, Chair; English Education 
Search Committee; Department of English Language & Literature; 
Universit y of Northern Iowa; Cedar Fal ls, IA 50614 -0502: a letter of 
application; curriculum vitae; graduate transcripts, unofficial or official; 
writing sample (12 to 15 pages; section of dissertation, published article, 
or work in progress); and three letters of reference. Complete applications 
received by Februar y 10, 2011, wil l be given full consideration. Inquiries: 
telephone 319-273-3842, fax 319-273-3842, or e-mail james.davis@ 
uni.edu. The Department encourages applications from persons of color, 
women, persons living with disabilities, and veterans. EOE/AA. UNI is a 
smoke-free campus. 

Wa r tbu rg C 

English & Mod Lang, 100 Wartburg Blvd Waverly IA 50677 

Lecturer/Senior Lecturer in Engli sh/Secondary Education 14291 

http://www.wartburg.edu 
Full-time, titled position for fall term 2011. Teach seven undergraduate 
courses or equivalent per year distributed among Fall, Winter, and May 
Terms. Advise English (secondar y education) majors and those seeking 
secondary language arts endorsements. Teach methods courses, a young 
adult literature survey, composition, and other departmental courses as 
needed. Provide field supervision of student teachers. Engage in scholar


ship and service activities appropriate to a college with a liberal arts emphasis. 
Requires terminal degree (PhD or EdD) in Curriculum and Instruction 

by August 2011 (preference given to applicants with degree completed by 
time of application); undergraduate degree in English (secondary education) 
or English and MAT; minimum 3 years secondary teaching experience 
in public schools; evidence of successful teaching at both secondar y 
and college levels; willingness to support the mission of the college. 

Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, a statement of how your teaching, 
scholarship, and service will support the mission of Wartburg College, 
unofficial undergraduate and graduate transcripts, and three current 
letters of reference electronically to: HR@wartburg.edu. Full announcement 
at http://www.wartburg.edu/hr. 

WARTBURG COLLEGE is a selective liberal arts college of the ELCA, 
nationally recognized for community engagement. Wartburg is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity institution. [R] 


Wa r tbu rg C 

English & Mod Lang, 100 Wartburg Blvd Waverly IA 50677 

Assistant Professor 13761 

http://www.wartburg.edu 
Full-time, tenure track position beg inning fal l ter m 2011. Teach seven 
undergraduate courses from among the following areas: Br itish literature, 
general education courses including composition, introductor y and 
specialized courses in the major; advise majors and minors. Develop and 
teach departmental and general education courses as needed; engage in 

scholarship and service activities appropriate to a college with a liberal arts 
emphasis. 
Requires Ph D with a research focus in Br itish literature, college level 

teaching experience in British Literature and composition, ability to demonstrate 
a record of dynamic and creative teaching, and a willingness to 
support the mission of the college. 

Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, a statement of how your teaching, 
scholarship and service will support the mission of Wartburg College; 
statement of teaching philosophy, unofficial undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts, and three current letters of reference electronically to: HR@ 
wartburg.edu or by regular mail to Human Resources, Wartburg College, 
100 Wartburg Blvd., Waverly, IA 50677-0903. Screening begins 
December 1. 

WARTBURG COLLEGE is a selective liberal arts college of the ELCA, 
nationally recognized for community engagement. As an affi rmative action, 
equal opportunity institution, Wartburg College actively seeks applications 
from women and members of ethnic and minority groups. [R] 


kAnsAs 
Emporia SU 

English, Mod Langs, & Journalism, 1200 Commercial St, CB 4019 
Emporia K S 66801 

Chair of English, Modern Languages, and Journalism 

http://www.emporia.edu/ 
Applications are invited for the twelve-month position of Chair of En-
g l ish, Moder n L a ng uages, a nd Jour na l ism, at the ra n k of a ssociate 
professor or professor. The department of 18 full-time faculty offers baccalaureates 
in English and in modern languages, the MA in English and in 
TESOL, and minors in English, creative writing, modern languages, and 
journalism. Candidates should have an earned doctorate, a distinguished 
record of teaching and scholarship, appropr iate adm inistrative exper ience, 
and effective com munication skills. Candidates need to be advocates 
for the disciplines, be knowledgeable about recent developments 
in the profession, possess strong leadership skills, and be able to work effectively 
with various constituencies throughout the university and the 
community. Academic specialization open. Candidates should send a letter 
of intent addressing qualifications for the position, academic philosophy, 
and leadership style; a resume; and names, addresses, and telephone 
numbers of three current professional references to Professor Mel Storm 
and Professor R ichard Keller, Search Committee Co-Chairs, Emporia 
State University, 1200 Commercial St., Campus Box 4019, Emporia, KS 
66801-5087, or email application materials to mstorm@emporia.edu. Review 
of completed applications will begin immediately with the intent of 
interviewing finalists and making an appointment no later than Januar y. 
The start date will be June 15, 2011. An AA/EEO institution, Emporia 
State University encourages minorities and women to apply. Background 
check required. www.emporia.edu 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Emporia SU 

English, Mod Langs, & Journalism, 1200 Commercial St, CB 4019 
Emporia K S 66801 

Assistant Professor of World & Latin American Literature 14001 

http://emporia.edu/ 
Emporia State University invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant 
professor position in Latin American literature and culture and World/ 
Comparative literature (e.g., Asian or African, etc.) to begin in August, 
2011. Doctorate prefer red; A BD will be considered. Nor mal teaching 
load of twelve hours/semester, including Latin American literature and 
culture as well as courses in the candidate’s World literature specialization. 
Teaching, scholarly activity, and service are required. Screening begins 
December 1 and continues until position is fi l led. Send a letter of 
application, a current c.v., and unofficial transcripts, and have a placement 
f ile or other documentation containing three letters of reference sent 
separately to Professor William H. Clamurro, Search Committee Chair, 
Emporia State University, Department of English, Modern Languages, 
and Journalism, Campus Box 4019, Emporia, KS 66801-5087. Inquiries 
by e-mail: wclamurr@emporia.edu. Phone: 620-341-5519. An AA/EOE 
institution, Emporia State University encourages minorities and women 
to apply. Background check required. 

Washbu r n U 

English, 1700 SW College Av Topeka K S 66621 

Assistant Professor-Composition and Rhetor ic/English Education 14199 

http://www.washburn.edu 
Wa shbu r n Un iver sit y’s Eng lish Depar tment invites applications for a 
tenure track position in Composition and Rhetoric/English Education 
to begin August 2011. Requirements: must have Ph.D. in Composition 
and Rhetoric or related field by time of appointment; prefer strong record 
of scholarly activity; evidence of successful college teaching; experience 
teaching secondar y English in public schools. Responsibilities include 
teaching first-year composition, advanced composition, courses related to 
English education; directing department's first-year and advanced composition 
programs; supervising composition courses taught via Washburn's 
concur rent enrollment program at local high schools. Send application 
letter, c.v., statement of teaching philosophy, five-page writing sample, 
three letters of recommendation to Professor Thomas Fox Averill, Interim 
Chair, English Department, Washburn University, 1700 College, Topeka, 
KS 66621, or e-mail: tom.averill@washburn.edu . Application review begins 
December 17, 2010 and continues until position filled. Employment 
at Washburn University may be conditioned upon satisfactor y completion 
of a backg round check. Washburn University is an EOE. http://w ww 
.washburn.edu/cas/prospectivefaculty/index.html [R] 


Washbu r n U 

English, 1700 SW College Av Topeka K S 66621 

Assistant Professor-American Literature 14198 

http://www.washburn.edu 
Washburn University’s English Department seeks an Americanist to join a 
vital undergraduate Literature program (150+ English majors) beginning 
Aug ust 2011. Requirements: must have PhD in English by time of appointment; 
record of publication, presentation and other scholarly work; 
seek emphasis in 18th/19th A mer ican literature with enough general 
knowledge to teach survey courses in American Literature I and II; commitment 
to undergraduate teaching essential, as is willingness to advise/ 
mentor students. Responsibilities include teaching American Literature 
sur vey courses, special topics literature courses and composition as part of 
four-course per semester teaching load. Send application letter, c.v., statement 
of teaching philosophy, evidence of scholarship, three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Thomas Fox Averill, Interim Chair, English 
Department, Washburn University, 1700 College, Topeka, KS 66621, or 
e-mail: tom.averill@washburn.edu . Application review begins Decem


ber 17, 2010 and continues until position filled. Employment at Washburn 
University may be conditioned upon satisfactor y completion of a background 
check. Washburn University is an EOE. http://www.washburn 
.edu/cas/prospectivefaculty/index.html [R] 


kentuCky 
Bellarmine U 

English, 2001 Newburg Rd Louisville KY 40205 

Assistant Professor of American Literature (to1865) 14330 

http://www.bellarmine.edu 
The Department of English at Bellarmine University in Louisville, Kentucky, 
invites applications for a tenure-track position at the Assistant 
Professor level to begin August 2011. We are searching for a specialist in 
American Literature to 1865. Secondar y strengths in Asian American, 
Latino/Latina, and/or literar y theor y are desirable, but not required. A 
strong com m itment to teaching undergraduates in a liberal ar ts environment 
is essentia l. The teaching load is 4/3, and wil l include a survey 
of A mer ican lit to 1865, composition, and introductor y literature 


courses; we welcome the addition of new upper level courses in early and 
nineteenth-centur y American literature. Ph.D. expected by August 2011. 
Bellarmine University is a dynamic, growing university with a strong lib


eral arts focus in the Catholic tradition, located on a scenic 135-acre cam


pus in Louisville, America's 16th largest city. 
Please send a letter of application, vita, a brief statement of teaching philosophy, 
and at least three letters of recommendation to Dr. Kathr yn 
West, Search Committee Chair; Department of English; Bellarmine University; 
2001 Newburg Road; Louisville, KY 40205; kwest@bellarmine 
.edu. Email applications accepted. 


Appl icat ion rev iew beg in s i m med iately; f ina l postmark dead l i ne is 


March 1, 2011. Applications will be acknowledged upon receipt. 
Bel larm ine is an equal opportunit y employer. Persons of diverse backgrounds 
are encouraged to apply. (R) [R] 


Eastern Kentucky U 

English & Theatre, 521 Lancaster Av 467 Case Annex R ichmond KY 
40475 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 14230 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/6a3rf 2v 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 
The Department of English & Theatre The Brief-Residency MFA Pro


gram and the Department of Eng lish & Theatre at Eastern Kentucky 
University seek applications from fiction writers for an entr y level, tenure-
track position at the rank of assistant professor in creative wr iting. 
Applicants should hold a term inal degree (MFA or Ph.D.) in creative 
writing from a regionally accredited or internationally recognized institution. 
Applicants should have a strong record of publication, with at least 
one book published by a nationally recognized press preferred. Though 
we seek a fiction wr iter for this position, we will consider applications 
from writers who specialize in creative nonfiction, as long as these applicants 
can demonstrate the ability to teach graduate workshops in both 
fiction and nonfiction. The successful applicant will also have an excellent 
teaching record. (For position finalists, we will request copies of formal 
teaching evaluations.) Other desired teaching qualifications include: 
experience with online instruction and distance learning; experience in 
leading workshops in more than one creative genre; and an interest in 
helping to develop an online undergraduate program in Creative Writing. 
Anticipated starting date is August 15th, 2011. Applicants must have 
a strong commitment to excellence in teaching, including willingness to 
participate in online teaching, mentoring student research, and developing 
an active program of scholarship that encourages student involvement. 
All interested applicants must apply via jobs.eku.edu (search requisition 
#0608804). Offers of employment are contingent upon satisfactory crim


32 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



inal background check and educational credential verification. Easter n 
Kentucky University is an EEO/AA institution that values diversity in its 
facult y, staff, and student body. In keeping w ith this commitment, the 
University welcomes applications from diverse candidates and candidates 
who support diversity. Apply Here 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Office Tower 500 S Limestone St Lexington 
K Y 40506 

Open rank (Advanced Assistant /Associate /Full), Teaching English as a 
Second Language 14034 

http://www.uky.edu 
The College of Arts and Sciences, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-
track professor (open rank) to direct and teach in the new Master of Arts 
in Teaching English as a Second Language (M A-TESL) prog ram. The 
successful candidate will have a Ph.D. in linguistics or related field with a 
focus in second language acquisition, an established research program in 
ESL teaching and learning, experience in P-12 ESL education and teacher 


training, and demonstrated administrative sk ills. Teaching load is t wo 
courses per semester. Departmental tenure home is open. 
The MA-TESL program will prepare graduates for careers as ESL teach


ers in 1) P-12 schools in Kentucky and elsewhere in the United States; 2) 
higher education institutions in the United States; 3) schools, colleges, and 
institutions in other countries. The program will offer a course track leading 
to certification /endorsement for public school teaching in Kentucky. 
The program will enroll both U.S. and international students. The MATESL 
program will be closely affiliated with the existing MA in Teaching 
World Languages Program in the Department of Modern and Classical 
Languages, which prepares students for careers as foreign language teachers 
in P-12 schools and higher education institutions. The program will 
also be closely affi liated with the Center for English as a Second Language 
(CESL) in the English Department; students will conduct obser vations, 
practica, and practice teaching experiences in the CESL. 


Please e-mail letter of application, c.v., research statement, teaching statement, 
three letters of recommendation, and writing sample to Michelle 
Del Toro (michelle.deltoro@uky.edu; please use the subject line “Application 
for TESL Position” in your e-mail) 


Deadline for receipt of these materials is December 10. 
Appointment begins August 2011. 
The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportu


nity University that values diversity and is located in an increasingly diverse 
geographical reg ion. It is committed to becom ing one of the top 
public institutions in the country. Women, persons with disabilities, and 
members of other underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. The 
University also supports family-friendly policies. [R] 


U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Office Tower 500 S Limestone St Lexington 
K Y 40506 

Advanced Assistant /Associate Professor – Writing, Rhetoric, and Digital 
Media 13927 

http://www.as.uky.edu/academics/departments_programs/Writing 
The University of Kentucky’s Division of Writing, Rhetoric, and Digital 
Media (WRD), a newly independent program in the College of Arts 
and Sciences, seeks a tenure-line advanced assistant or associate professor 
in wr iting, rhetor ic and digital media to ser ve as Director of Composition. 
Duties include collaborating with the Division of Instructional 
Communication (in the College of Communication) on two new first-
year general education courses that integrate instruction in oral, written, 
visual, and digital communication; providing training for the TAs; leading 
assessment of lower-division writing courses; and helping to create 
and teach upper-division and graduate-level courses in writing, rhetoric, 
and/or digital media. Of particular interest are candidates with any of the 

following areas of expertise: public rhetoric, community writing, professional 
writing, new media/multimedia production. A PhD in rhetoric and 
composition or an equivalent field is required. Candidates must show evidence 
of achievement in research, teaching and administration. Preliminar 
y interviews will be conducted via teleconference. 

Please email letter of application, vita, 3 letters of reference, a statement of 
teaching philosophy, and a writing sample by December 1 to be considered 
for preliminary interviews, to Ms. Diane Robertson (email: georgia 
.robertson@uky.edu; please use subject line “Application for WRD Position”). 


Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Appointment begins 
August 16, 2011. Funding for summer curriculum development work 
(prior to the appointment date) is negotiable. 

The University of Kentucky is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
University that values diversity and is located in an increasingly diverse 
geographical region. It is committed to becoming one of the top public 
institutions in the countr y. Women, persons with disabilities, and members 
of other underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. The University 
also supports family-friendly policies. [R] 


louisiAnA 
Loyola U, New Orleans 

English, 6363 Saint Charles Av, Box 50 New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor in Digital Humanities 

http://www.loyno.edu 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor in digital humanities with a secondary 
emphasis in 20th century and 21st centur y 
British literature or post-colonial literature. First-year courses, advising, 


and departmental service also required. 
PhD required. Send application by December 3, 2010, to Dr. 
Katherine H. Adams, Chair; Department of English, Box 50; 
Loyola University New Orleans; New Orleans, LA 70118. 
Applications must include resume and three con fidential letters of rec


ommendation. Loyola University New Orleans is an equal opportunity 
employer. [R] 


mAine 
U of Maine 

English, 304 Neville Hall Orono ME 04469 

Honors Preceptor in Medieval or Renaissance Literature 

http://www.umaine.edu/ 
The University of Maine’s Department of English and Honors College 
seek a candidate with expertise in either Medieval or Renaissance literature 
for a joint, ongoing appointment at the rank of lecturer, with a 3–3 
course load, beginning September 1, 2011. Must have Ph.D. in hand by 
time of appointment; commitment to undergraduate and interdisciplinary 
teaching; evidence of, or demonstrated potential for, involving undergraduates 
in scholarship. Experience in Honors education, in both literar y 

areas and in writing instruction preferred. Salar y is competitive. For more 
information on this position go to www.umaine.edu/preceptors. 
Please submit a letter of application, a cur r iculum vita, and a writing 

sample by email to Search Committee Chair Margaret Killinger honors_ 
english _search@umit.maine.edu. Applicants should arrange for three 
confidential letters of recommendation to be submitted electronically by 
the recommender to the same address. Applications will be reviewed beginning 
November 15, 2010 and accepted until the position is filled. 

The University of Maine is an EEO/AA employer. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


mAry lAnd mAry lAnd 
Cecil C 

English & Reading, 1 Seahawk Dr North East MD 21901 

Assistant Professor, English and Reading 13757 

http://www.cecil.edu/employment 
Cecil College, recently named the best performing college of its size by 
CCSSE, seeks an Assistant Professor in the depar tment of Eng lish and 
Reading. This full-time, 10-month position starts August, 2011. The 
College seeks a department chair and a generalist with a proven record of 
successfully teaching Freshman Composition and World Literature as well 
as knowledge and understanding of the use of an online learning management 
system such as BlackBoard. As is the case with all full-time English 
instructors, teaching Freshman Composition may be a significant part of 
the teaching load with an opportunity for additional assignments. Prior 
experience as a depar tment chair or program coordinator is preferred. 
The teaching load is 30 credit hours annually with 9 credit hours of release 
time to execute the department chair duties. Applicants are required 
to have a Master’s Degree in English or Literature with teaching experience 
and be available to teach day, evening, and possibly weekend classes. 
Candidates should apply online at www.cecil.edu/employment and submit 
electronic copies of their cover letter, curriculum vitae or resume, 
three letters of recommendation, and unofficial transcripts to resume@ 
cecil.edu, prior to November 22, 2010. Cecil College, an equal opportunity 
employer, values diversity. 

Comm C of Baltimore County 

English, 800 S Rolling Rd Baltimore MD 21228 

English Faculty Fall 2011 14202 

http://www.ccbcmd.edu 
The Communit y College of Baltimore Count y has a r ich tradition of 
providing undergraduate education, workforce development, technology 
training and life enrichment in the Baltimore metropolitan area. CCBC 
is the college of choice to over 75,000 students and 200 businesses every 


year. We meet students where they are and take them where they want to 
go! 
The Community College of Baltimore County is seeking applications for 


two full-time English faculty positions. Full-time faculty are expected to 
teach 15 credit hours per semester and to work with learning support staff, 
maintain at least one office hour per week for each course taught, continue 
professional development, and participate in college-wide professional activities 
. The primar y focus of each position is teaching developmenta l 
and college-level composition. Community college teaching experience 
is desired. Experience in the following areas also is a plus: teaching nontraditional 
and diverse populations, teaching English to students from diverse 
linguistic backgrounds, teaching in a computer-mediated classroom 
or on-line, and teaching African American literature. 


**For Best Consideration Apply By February 15, 2011, Position to begin 
August 15, 2011** 


Requirements: 
-College teaching experience and master's or PhD degree in English or 
related field. 


-Must apply online at www.ccbcmdjobs.com 
Benefits: 
Choice of one of two Mar yland State Retirement Plans (contributor y 


and non-contributory); 403(b) supplemental retirement plans; 457(b) deferred 
compensation plan; Choice of three college-subsidized health care 
plans (including prescription drugs) with dental and vision insurance plans 
for employee and eligible dependents; Employee Assistance Program for 
employee and fam ily; Flex ible spending accounts; Eligibilit y for postretirement 
medica l benefits; Generous tuition reimbursement benefits; 
Voluntar y life, long-term disability, and accidental death and dismember


ment insurances; Holidays, sick and personal leave (vacation leave for 12


month faculty and professional/administrative positions). 
CCBC practices equal opportunity in education and employment and is 
strongly and actively committed to diversity within the college community. 
EEO/A A 

Comm C of Baltimore County 

English, 800 S Rolling Rd Baltimore MD 21228 

Coordinator, English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) 14201 

http://www.ccbcmd.edu 
The Communit y College of Baltimore Count y has a r ich tradition of 
providing undergraduate education, workforce development, technolog y 
training and life enrichment in the Baltimore metropolitan area. CCBC 
is the college of choice to over 75,000 students and 200 businesses every 


year. We meet students where they are and take them where they want to 
go! 
Under the supervision of the Adult and Family Literacy (CAFL) Director, 


the ESOL Coordinator is responsible for overseeing instructional services 
for non-credit ESOL courses from beginning literacy level through transition 
courses to prepare students for pre-academic ESOL. The coordinator 
leads a team of ESOL program staff and is an essential part of the CAFL 
leadership team. Responsibilities include hir ing and super vising ESOL 
instr uctors and staff; ordering and distributing assessment and instructional 
materials; supervising registration processes; collection and analyzing 
of attendance and student performance data from ESOL instructors; 
establishing and monitoring program/grant outcomes; reviewing and reporting 
program data to the MIS Coordinator; working collaboratively 
w ith CEED/CAFL staff and credit ESOL to ensure smooth transition of 
students to academ ic/workforce development courses; developing and 
managing budgets and a business plan; establishing and maintaining relat 
ion sh ips w ith com mu n it y ESOL advocates i nclud i ng represent ing 
CCBC/CAFL at the State communit y college's ESOL A ffi nit y Group; 
planning and implementing staff development; and maintaining program 
quality. Evening and some weekend work hours are occasionally required. 


Requirements: 


-Bachelor's degree required; Master's Degree or cer tif icate in TESOL 
preferred. 
-At least 2 years' experience to include administering an educational pro


gram, including hiring and supervising staff, budget management, and as


sessing and teaching adult ESOL learners. 
-Proficiency in MS Office including word processing, spreadsheets, databases, 
and e-mail. 


-Demonstrated experience in planning and implementing interactive staff 
development activities, teacher meetings, and/or instructional sessions/ 
workshops. 


-Occasional evening and weekend work hours. 


-Preferred: Experience planning and implementing grant activities, budgets, 
and outcomes. 
-Must apply online at www.ccbcmdjobs.com 
Benefits: 
Choice of one of two Mar yland State Retirement Plans (contributor y 


and non-contributory); 403(b) supplemental retirement plans; 457(b) deferred 
compensation plan; Choice of three college-subsidized health care 
plans (including prescription drugs) with dental and vision insurance plans 
for employee and eligible dependents; Employee Assistance Program for 
employee and fam ily; Flex ible spending accounts; Eligibi l it y for postretirement 
medical benefits; Generous tuition reimbursement benefits; 
Voluntar y life, long-term disability, and accidental death and dismemberment 
insurances; Holidays, sick and personal leave (vacation leave for 12month 
faculty and professional/administrative positions). 


CCBC practices equal opportunity in education and employment and is 
strongly and actively committed to diversity within the college community. 
EEO/A A 


34 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Frostburg SU 

English, 101 Braddock Rd Frostburg MD 21532 

INSTRUCTOR/ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH (PROFESSIONAL 
WRITING) 14025 

Frostburg State University, Department of English, seeks applications for 
a full-time, tenure-track Instructor/Assistant Professor of English, available 
fall 2011. Salar y commensurate with experience and qualifications 
and includes USM benefits package. 

R ESPONSIBILITIES: Teach four classes per semester in professional 
writing (business writing, technical writing, scientific writing, journalism 
and others) which will include online components. Service to the department 
and the University is expected in addition to active research. 

QUALIFICATIONS: A BD in English or related field (for appointment at 
the rank of Instructor) and experience teaching professional writing at the 
University level. Ph.D. preferred and required for appointment at the rank 
of Assistant Professor. 

Frostburg State University is located in the Appalachian highlands (elevation 
2,000 feet) of western Mar yland. Of its more than 5,300 students, 
approximately 2,100 reside on campus in 11 traditional hal ls and one 
apartment-style community. The main campus covers 260 acres within 
the town limits of Frostburg (population 7,500). The University also offers 
courses at the University System of Mar yland at Hagerstown, on the 
Catonsville Campus of the Community College of Baltimore County and 
at Arundel Mills Regional Higher Education Center, as well as online. 

The local region is rich in both histor y and outdoor activities. Students 
can visit nearby recreational areas—Rocky Gap, New Germany, and 
Deep Creek Lake State Parks—which offer camping, boating, swimming, 
hiking, and skiing. For more information, visit http://w ww.frostburg 
.edu/about.cfm. 

To apply, email a letter of interest; curriculum vitae, transcripts, and the 
names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three professional references 
by Januar y 15, 2011, to: humanresources@frostburg.edu. Include “Instructor/
Assistant Professor of English (Position #11–010395)” in the subject 
line. 

Frostburg State University welcomes and encourages women and minorities 
to apply and seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce. FSU is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer. Appropriate auxiliar y aids and services for 
qualified individuals with disability will be provided upon request. Please 
notify us in advance. WW W.FROSTBURG.EDU [R] 


Morgan SU 

English, 1700 E Cold Spring Ln, 202 Holmes Hall Baltimore MD 21251 

Assistant/Associate/Professor of English 14193 

http://www.morgan.edu 
Tenure-track appointment starting August 2011, in Rhetoric /Composition 
with 50% released time from the four courses per semester teaching 
load as Director of the Writing Center. Specialty preferred in composition 
studies and electronic literacy. PhD required. Candidates should have experience 
in writing center administration, mentoring lecturers who teach 
undergraduate writing courses within the Writing Program and in Writing 
across the Curriculum. Commitment to effective teaching, evidence 


of ongoing scholarly activity in the field and a record of publication and 
scholarly activity in nationally known presses and journals are a plus. 
Applicants must communicate well in interview and demonstrate a com


m itment to working with an ethnical ly and culturally diverse student 
population. 


Salar y competitive and dependent upon qualifications. 
Review of applications w il l beg in Januar y 20, 2011, and will continue 
until the position is filled. 


Send letter of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, transcripts 
(may be unofficial for initial application), three recent letters of recommendation 
(or a dossier which includes them) and a writing sample of 
approximately 20 pages to: 


Dr. Dolan Hubbard, Chairperson 
Department of English and Language Arts 
Morgan State University 
1700 E. Cold Spring Lane 
Baltimore, MD 21251-0001 
dolan.hubbard@morgan.edu 
Morgan State University is a historically black institution with the unique 

designation as Mar yland’s public urban university. 
Appointment contingent upon funding. AA/EEO [R] 


U of Mar yland 

English, 2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742 

Associate Professor in Rhetoric /Composition 14318 

http://www.english.umd.edu/employment 
The University of Mar yland is seeking an established and active scholar in 
Rhetoric/Composition to contribute to strong graduate and undergraduate 
programs and to faculty guidance of the University’s Academic and 
Professional Writing Programs. Evidence of ongoing scholarly productivity 
is more important than subfield. Please submit a letter of application 
and c.v. online to Kent Cartwright, Chair, Department of English 
at https://jobs.umd.edu. Search and apply for position number 116997. 
Deadline is March 1, 2011. Application information is also available at 
ht t p://www.eng lish.umd .edu/employment. Appointment contingent 
upon funding. The Universit y of Mar yland is an A ff irmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity employer. [R] 


U of Mar yland 

English, 2119 Tawes Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 13969 

http://www.english.umd.edu/employment 
The College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Mar yland, College 
Park, invites applications for two tenure-track positions in Film Studies 
at the rank of Assistant Professor to start August 15, 2011. One position 
will have its tenure home in the Department of English and the Program 
in Comparative Literature; the other position will have its tenure home 
in the School of Languages, Literatures, and Cultures. This cluster hire is 
part of the College’s expanding interdisciplinar y program in Film Studies 


(http://film.umd.edu/). All candidates must have a Ph.D. in Film Studies, 
or closely related field, at the time of appointment. 
We seek two creative and active scholars with clearly demonstrated re


search and teaching interests in a range of critical issues related to the 
study of film. A variety of methodological and critical approaches is welcome. 
Research specialization is open and could include film theor y, film 
history, history and film, genre study, screen theor y, transnational/transcultural 
cinema, Hollywood, or global cinema. 


Successful candidates will join a growing, vibrant community of faculty 
and students working in Film Studies across the University. Candidates 
must be ready to take an active role in the creation and implementation 
of a new interdisciplinar y Film Studies program. Responsibilities wil l 
include the development and teaching of introductor y courses in f ilm 
histor y and fi lm theor y, as well as advanced electives based on areas of 
specialization. 


For best consideration, interested candidates should apply by December 7, 
2010. Please submit letter of application; c.v.; article-length writing sample; 
dissertation abstract; and three letters of recommendation. 


To apply, visit https://jobs.umd.edu. Search and apply for position num


ber 116839. 
Questions regarding these positions may be addressed to Professor Saverio 
Giovacchini, Chair, Film Studies Search Committee, at saverio@umd 
.edu. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


U of Mar yland Baltimore County 

Mod Langs, Lings & Intercultural Communication, 1000 Hilltop Cir, 
ACIV R m 146 Baltimore MD 21250 

Associate Professor for Language, Literacy & Culture Ph.D. Program 13729 

http://www.umbc.edu/llc 
The interdisciplinar y Language, Literacy and Culture (LLC) Ph.D. Pro-
g ram at the Universit y of Mar yland, Ba ltimore Count y (UM BC) invites 
applications for a tenured Associate Professor beginning August 23, 
2011. LLC is an interdisciplinary program of study of language, culture, 
human interaction and communication with faculty from seven departments: 
African Studies; American Studies; Education; English; Gender 

and Women's Studies; Modern Languages, Linguistics and Intercultural 
Communication; and Sociolog y and Anthropolog y. 
Applicants must have an earned doctorate in one of the participating dis


ciplines or a closely related field, administrative experience, and a successful 
research and teaching agenda in one of the following areas: 
Language, literacy, discourse or applied linguistics 
Media, multiliteracies, or globalized communication 

Identity, culture, ethnicity, race or area studies 
Located between Baltimore and Washington, D.C., UMBC is a highly 
ranked public Carnegie Research University (High Research Activity), 
widely recognized for its commitment to excellence in both undergraduate 
and graduate education. With over 12,000 students, UMBC is especially 
proud of the diversity of its student body, and we seek to attract an 
equally diverse applicant pool for this position. We have a strong commitment 
to increasing faculty diversity. 

Applicants should submit a letter of interest addressing qualifications and 
curriculum vitae, and have three letters of reference sent to Pam Gem-
mill, LLC Program, UMBC 1000 Hilltop Circle, Baltimore, MD 21250 
(gemmill@umbc.edu). Review of applications wil l begin on November 
15, 2010 and continue until the position is filled. Please address questions 
to Jodi Crandall, Chair, LLC Search Committee (crandall@umbc 
.edu). More information about the universit y and the program can be 
found at www.umbc.edu/llc 

UMBC is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

mAssACHusetts 
Emerson C 

Writing, Literature and Publishing, 120 Boylston St Boston MA 02116 

Lecturer in the First-Year Writing Program /Department of Writing, 
Literature & Publishing 13829 

http://www.emerson.edu 
The Department of Writing, Literature & Publishing in the School of the 
Arts seeks a Lecturer in the First-Year Writing Program. This is a full-
time, non-tenure track appointment, with a five year limit, subject to an


nual reviews. The initial appointment is for the 2011–12 academic year 
beginning September 1, 2011. 
Responsibilities include teaching in the First-Year Writing Program, 


working with the Director of the First-Year Writing Program on program 


development, and mentoring graduate instructors. 
Ph.D. in composition and writing studies or MFA (or other terminal degree) 
with experience teaching college composition required. Preference 
for candidates with experience in mentoring graduates students, knowledge 
of genre-based writing instruction, and interest in writing program 
development, bilingual/biliterate composition, and communit y literacy. 
This position emphasizes the professional development of the candidate 
hired. 


Emerson College values campus multiculturalism as demonstrated by the 
diversity of its faculty, staff, student body, and constantly evolving curriculum. 
The successful candidate must have the ability to work effectively 
with faculty, students, and staff from diverse backgrounds. Members of 


historically under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. Emerson 
College is an Equal Opportunity Employer that encourages diversity in 
its workplace. 

Send cover letter, curriculum vita, and names of three references to Nicole 
Martignetti, Administrative Assistant, Department of Writing. Literature 
and Publishing, Emerson College, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, 
MA 02116. 

You must also fill out an online application form in addition to submitting 
your application materials directly to the department. Please visit the 
employment web page at 

http://www2.emerson.edu/hr/Employment.cfm to view this position 
and submit your information. Review of applications will begin November 
15, 2010 and continue until the position is filled. 

Emerson College is the only comprehensive college or university in the 
United States dedicated exclusively to communication and the arts in a 
liberal arts context. It is located on the Boston Common, in downtown 
Boston and in close proximity to major media outlets. It also has facilities 
in Los Angeles and the Netherlands. The College enrolls approximately 
3,000 full-time undergraduates and nearly 1,000 full and part-time graduate 
students in its School of the Arts and School of Communication. 

Fitchburg SU 

English, 160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420 

Assistant Professor/English-Literature Tenure Track 13839 

http://www.fitchburgstate.edu 

Please visit our job site for a detailed job description and to apply at http:// 
jobs.fitchburgstate.edu 
The Fitchburg State University English Depar tment is cur rently seek


ing a full-time, tenure-track, assistant professor position in literatures before 
1500. Desired areas include World, British, Classical, Medieval, and 
Comparative literatures. Teaching responsibilities include survey courses, 
advanced courses within the field, and first-year writing. Ph.D. must be in 
hand by June 2011. 

Full-time, Tenure Track, 9 month Benefited Position 

Salar y commensurate with qualifications and experience and the MSCA 
Bargaining Agreement. Position contingent upon funding 
Fitchburg State University is committed to diversifying its workforce. We 

strongly encourage women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities 
to apply for the advertised position. 

Massachusetts Inst of Technology 

School of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences, Bldg E-51 255 77 
Massachusetts Ave Cambridge MA 02139 

Assistant Professorship (tenure-track) 13874 

Tenure-Track A ssist ant Professor sh ip-School of Hu m an ities MIT's 
School of Humanities, Ar ts, and Social Sciences seeks to f il l a tenure-
track assistant professorship with an outstanding historian or anthropologist 
specializing in women in the Middle East and North Africa, to start 
September 2011. Preference will be given to scholars with a recent PhD. 
Candidates should also demonstrate a strong familiarity with comparative 
and interdisciplinar y approaches to the study of women and gender. 
This position will be supported by the Geneviève McMillan-Reba 
Stewart Fund for the study of women in the developing world. The successful 
candidate for the position must be qualified for a tenure track faculty 
appointment in Anthropology or Histor y, and should demonstrate a 
strong record of research and teaching. It is expected that the appointee 
will teach courses in his or her specific unit as well as in the MIT Program 
in Women's and Gender Studies. Candidates should apply at https:// 
academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/541. Applicants will be asked to submit 
a letter of application, cur r iculum vitae, and three letters of reference. 
The application deadline is December 1st, 2010. MIT is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action Employer and encourages applications from 
qualified women and members of minority groups. For more information 

36 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



about the MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences please go 
to: http://shass.mit.edu/Apply Here 

Massachusetts Maritime Acad 

Humanities, 101 Academy Dr Buzzards Bay MA 02532 

FT Tenlure-track Humanities Faculty F Y11–16 14187 

MASSACHUSETTS MARITIME ACADEMY 
POSITION AVAILABLE 

(1) FT, Tenure-track Humanities Faculty 
Founded in 1891, the Massachusetts Maritime Academy is the nation’s 
oldest and finest co-ed maritime college. The Academy prepares young 
women and men for exciting and rewarding careers on land and sea. Our 
graduates have been at the very top of seagoing, engineering, environmental, 
and international business professions. 
The Academy is located in Buzzards Bay at the mouth of the scenic Cape 

Cod Canal and is a special mission college within the Massachusetts uni


versity college system. 
For information about this positions and how to apply, visit the employment 
quick link on our web page at 

www.maritime.edu. 
Massachusetts Maritime Academy is an A A/EEO 
employer. Under-represented groups are encouraged to 
apply. 


Suffolk U 

CAS Dean, 41 Temple Street Boston MA 02114 

Director, Writing Center 14146 

http://www.suffolk.edu 
The Director of the Wr it ing Center is responsible for the leader sh ip 
and management of the Writing Center which supports students in the 
Col lege of Ar ts and Sciences and the Saw yer Business School. The development 
of student wr iting is a key component of the undergraduate 
curriculum, and the Writing Center is charged with assisting students in 
all disciplines and at all levels. The Writing Center Director will be responsible 
for supervising one full-time support employee and the student 

peer tutors. Reports to the Associate Dean for the College of A rts and 
Sciences. 
Master's degree in English or related field with substantial Writing Center 

experience and/or advanced coursework required. An earned doctorate 
in English or Rhetoric and Composition preferred. Must have experience 
with college-level instruction and methods, as well as strong supervisor y, 
managerial, and interpersonal skills. 

Apply online at: http://jobs.suffolk.edu 
Suffolk University is an equal opportunity employer 

Tuf ts U 

English, East Hall 210 Medford MA 02155 

Professor of the Practice of Poetry 13769 

http://ase.tufts.edu/english 
Professor of the Practice of Poetr y. Five year, non-renewable position 
teaching courses in poetr y writing. Candidates should be established poets 
with strong records of publication and proven excellence as undergraduate 
instructors. Cand idates should be prepared to teach poetr y writing 
courses at the introductory and advanced levels, to direct undergraduate 
theses in poetr y, to serve as an academic advisor to undergraduates, and to 
serve on university and departmental committees. Review of applications 
wil l beg in November 1, 2010 and continue until the position is fi lled. 
Please send letter of application, CV, and dossier including three letters of 
recommendation to Professor Jay Cantor, Director of the Creative Writ


ing Program; Search Committee for Professor of the Practice of Poetr y; 


Department of English; Medford, MA 02155. 
Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 
We are committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty. Members of 
under-represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of Massachusetts, Dartmouth 

English, 285 Old Westport Rd North Dartmouth MA 02747 

Assistant Professor 14072 

Assistant Professor 
Eng lish Department The Department of Eng lish at the Un iversit y of 
Massachusetts Dartmouth seeks an assistant professor, tenure-track, in English. 
Requirements: The strongest candidates will demonstrate research 
and teaching interest in Shakespeare and Renaissance/ Early Moder n 
literary studies and an active research agenda. Demonstrated interest in 
teaching Drama more broadly is strongly preferred. Responsibilities will 
include teaching Renaissance/Early Modern literature and Shakespeare, 
foundation courses (Literar y Studies; Cr itical Methods), British sur vey 
and topics classes, and general education classes. Ph.D. in an appropriate 
specialization preferred. ABDs will be considered but the Ph.D. must be 
certified as complete no later than September 1, 2012 for consideration 
for contract renewal for third and fourth years of service. To apply, please 
submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, 1-page (each) statements of teaching 
and research interests, writing sample (not to exceed 10 pages), and 
three letters of recommendation to: English Tenure Track Search, Office 
of the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, UMass Dartmouth, N. 
Dartmouth, MA 02747-2300. An official transcript confirming award of 
terminal degree will also be required for consideration for contract renewal 
(prior to September 1, 2012). Completion of the search is contingent 
on the availability of funding. Formal review of applications begins 
December 1, 2010 and continues until the position is filled. Final authorization 
and appointment are subject to fiscal authorization. Preliminary 
interviews will be held at the MLA convention in Los Angeles in Januar y. 
The University of Massachusetts Dartmouth is an EEO/AA employer. 

U of Massachusetts, Lowell 

English, 61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854 

Assistant/Associate Professor-Post-1945 American Literature /American 
Cultural Studies 13768 

http://jobs.uml.edu 
The Department of English at the Universit y of Massachusetts Lowel l 
seeks an energetic and collaborative colleague for a full-time, tenure-track 
Assistant or Associate Professorship in American Literature and American 
Culture, with emphasis on the second half of the twentieth century. Primary 
or secondary specialty and the ability to offer courses in one or more 
of the following areas also desirable: Beat Literature, twentieth-centur y 
American drama, global perspectives on American culture. Teaching duties 
include introductor y and upper-level courses in American Literature 
and American Studies. The successful candidate will be expected to pursue 
an active publishing agenda and to engage in service to the department 
and university. We are especially interested in candidates who can 
participate in and enhance our many outreach projects in the community 
and region, such as the newly-established Jack Kerouac Literar y Festival, 

on-going work with the Lowell National Historical Park, and partnerships 
with local museums and cultural organizations. 
Located along the Mer r imack R iver 30 minutes north of Boston, the 

University of Massachusetts Lowell serves a diverse population of 13,000 
students in over 120 degree prog rams. The cit y of Lowel l is the birthplace 
of the Amer ican industrial revolution as well as of Jack Kerouac, 
and is home to a National Historical Park and a burgeoning local arts and 
culture scene. The University values its connections with the city and encourages 
its students to engage in interdisciplinar y thinking, service, and 
experiential learning. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Qualifications: PhD in American Literature or American Studies, with an 
emphasis in post-1945 literature and culture; minimum 3 years teaching 
experience at the college level; strong record of publication; evidence of 
outstanding teaching; excellent communication skills. 

Apply on-line at http://jobs .um l .edu by November 30. Please submit 
cover letter and cv, along with email addresses for three references. Position 
to begin September 2011. [R] 


miCHiGAn 
Eastern Michigan U 

English, 612 Pray-Harrold Ypsilanti MI 48197 

Assistant Professor of Children’s/Adolescent Literature 13908 

http://www.emujobs.com 
The English Department at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, MI 
is seeking applications for a position as an assistant professor of children’s/ 
adolescent literature and culture. Special consideration will be given to 
candidates with secondar y expertise in one or more of the fol lowing 
areas: folklore, mythology, youth culture, creative writing for children 
and young adults, global children’s literature and multicultural children’s 
literature. EMU houses one of the few graduate programs where students 
can earn a master’s degree specializing in children’s literature. Therefore, 
we seek a candidate able to mentor graduate students, super vise theses, 
and teach graduate-level children’s literature courses focused on such varied 
topics as folklore, mythology, global children’s literature or illustrated 
texts. We also seek a colleague able to effectively teach introductor y and 
upper-level undergraduate courses in children’s and adolescent literature, 
able to propose new and innovative additions to the curriculum, and willing 
to become an active member of a vibrant and collegial department. 
Candidates must have a PhD in literature, children’s culture, or a related 
field in hand by August 2011, and should be able to demonstrate excellence 
in teaching and an ambitious scholarly record and agenda. All applications 
must be made online at https://www.emujobs.com – Posting 
#FA1116E. Application materials should include a CV, cover letter, and 
three letters of reference. Review of applications will begin on November 
15 and continue until the position is f il led. For more infor mation 
about children’s literature studies at EMU go to http://www.emich.edu/ 
english/childlit/. Eastern Michigan University is an EOE employer. 

Eastern Michigan U 

World Langs, 219 Alexander Hall Ypsilanti MI 48197 

Department Head-Department of English Language and Literature 14293 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/u8bcrz4 
The Depar tment of English Language and Literature seeks a ful l-time 
Department Head for a permanent administrative appointment carr ying 
the rank of tenured full professor beginning in July 2011. Primar y responsibilities 
include program maintenance and development, faculty evaluation 
and development, assessment, recruitment, and budget management. 
The Department Head will work closely with the department’s various 
comm ittees, advocate for the department at the college and universit y 
levels, and engage with faculty to secure both internal and external resources. 
The teaching load is one course per year. 

The ideal candidate will have a record of teaching, scholarship, and service 
commensurate with an appointment as full professor; evidence of 
successful adm inistrative exper ience; and proven leadership and communication 
skills. PhD or equivalent required. This candidate will demonstrate 
vision, the abilit y to be a strong advocate for al l departmenta l 
programs, and commitment to both students and faculty. 

The Department of English Language and Literature has f ift y tenured 
and tenure-track faculty, a large contingent of full and part-time lecturers, 
graduate assistants, an administrative staff, and a history of congenial 

and collaborative work. The department offers programs in children’s literature, 
creative writing, English education, journalism, linguistics, literature, 
public relations, and written communication. It also maintains a 
strong commitment to general education. 

Easter n M ichigan Universit y is located in the heart of culturally-r ich 
southeastern Michigan, ten minutes from Ann Arbor and forty-five minutes 
from major towns and cities such as Toledo and Detroit. 

A l l applications must be made on line at https://w ww.emujobs.com – 
Posting #APA1107E. Application mater ials should include a letter of 
application, CV, statement of administrative philosophy (500 words maximum) 
and the names and contact information of four references. Review 
of applications will begin Januar y 27, 2011 and continue until the position 
is filled. Eastern Michigan University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and Educator. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged 
to apply. EMU faculty belong to the AAUP. Department Heads may be 
asked to participate on the administrative side of collective bargaining. 
For additional information, please visit our website at http://www.emich 
.edu/english/Apply Here 

Macomb Comm C 

Communications, 44575 Garfield Rd, Bldg N114 Clinton Township MI 
48038 

Instructor of English, Job # 000785 13763 

http://www.macomb.edu 

Teach composition. Requires Master’s degree in English. Starts Fall 2011. 
Apply by 12–17–10. 
For notice, requirements, and online application system, visit www.Ma-


comb.edu/Jobs. Concerns during process, call 586-445-7885. 
EEO EMPLOYER 
Michigan Relay Center 1.800.649.3777 (Voice and TDD). 


Ma r ygrove C 

English & Mod Langs, 8425 W McNichols Rd Detroit MI 48221 

Assistant Professor of English 14131 

Mar ygrove College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
in English to begin August 2011. Preferred areas of expertise 
include rhetor ic and composition, with opportunities to teach professional 
com munications courses. Ph.D. required. We seek an energetic 
teacher, an active scholar, and a dependable colleague committed to advancing 
an ambitious schedule of undergraduate and graduate programs 
and activities, as well as the College’s urban leadership mission. Normal 
teaching load: twelve credit hours per semester. Because Mar ygrove College 
strives to maintain a faculty that reflects its diverse student body, we 
encourage applications from members of communities traditionally underrepresented 
in college faculties. Send application letter, vita, unofficial 
transcr ipt, and three letters of recom mendation by December 15, 2010 
to: Donald E. Levin, Ph.D., Chair, English and Modern Languages Department, 
Mar ygrove College, 8425 West McNichols Road, Detroit, MI 
48221-2599. 

Ma r ygrove C 

English & Mod Langs, 8425 W McNichols Rd Detroit MI 48221 

Assistant Professor of English 13801 

Assistant Professor of English 

Mar ygrove College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
in English to begin August 2011. Preferred areas of expertise 
include rhetoric and composition, with opportunities to teach professional 
communications courses. Ph.D. required. We seek an energetic teacher, 

38 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



an active scholar, and a dependable colleague committed to advancing an 
ambitious schedule of undergraduate and graduate programs and activities, 
as well as the College’s urban leadership mission. Normal teaching 
load: twelve credit hours per semester. Because Marygrove College strives 
to maintain a facult y that reflects its diverse student body, we encourage 
applications from members of communities traditionally underrepresented 
in college faculties. 

Send application letter, vita, unofficial transcript, and three letters of recommendation 
by December 1, 2010 to: Donald E. Levin, Ph.D., Chair, 
English and Modern Languages Department, Marygrove College, 8425 
West McNichols Road, Detroit, MI 48221-2599. 

Michigan SU 

Dean's Office in the College of Arts and Letters, 319 Linton Hall East 
Lansing MI 48824 

Two Tenure System Associate or Full Professors 13735 

College of Arts and Letters 

Center for Applied Inclusive Teaching and Learning in Arts and Humanities 
Two Tenure System Associate or Full Professors 
Background: The College of Arts and Letters at Michigan State Univer


sity introduces an initiative designed to address pressing societal needs for 
fostering the advancement of teaching in K-U settings. CAITLAH, the 
Center for Applied Inclusive Teaching and Learning in Arts and Humanities, 
will provide a hub for the promotion of a core mission in the college: 
developing excellence in teaching and learning for our faculty, graduate 
students, and K-12 teacher candidates and teachers in the arts and humanities. 
The mission includes bringing together faculty who are committed 
to best practices in teaching and learning, several new faculty hires, and 
graduate students. 

Position and Responsibilities: The College of Arts and Letters seeks two 
tenure-system faculty whose assignments would include 25% time within 
CAITLAH and 75% teaching pre-service English education students and 
graduate students in the Critical Studies in Literacy and Pedagogy track 
of the Rhetor ic and Writing graduate prog ram. The new hires wi l l be 
tasked with organizing, synthesizing, and leading various efforts at imagining 
better, more inclusive teaching across schools, com munities, and 
disciplines. 

Qualifications: Applicants expected to hold a PhD or equivalent in a field 
relevant to the expected job duties, and possess strengths in at least two of 
the following areas: 

• Teacher training in inclusive teaching, culturally-relevant pedagogies, 
and the discourses of wider society and local communities 

• Teaching/learning with technologies, multimodal literacies, and multiple 
approaches to texts and interpretation of texts 
• Scholarship on writing and reading pedagogies, teacher research, training 
and education, or English education 
• Scholarship in teaching and learning of literature and interpretation, 
with preference for pedagogical training and experience in the teaching 
of African-American literature in middle school and/or high school 

• Scholarship in the teaching and learning of theoretical, cognitive, and/ 
or semiotic approaches to textual analysis 

• K-12 teacher training in discourse studies, anthropological linguistics, 
narrative studies, and sociolinguistics, 

• K-12 teacher training in heritage language learning, ELL, ESL and/or 
L2 pedagogies. 
Salar y: Competitive and commensurate with qualifications 
Procedures: Please send a statement of interest and c.v. to CAITLAH 

Search Committee Chair, c/o Jo-Ann Vanden Bergh, College of Arts and 
Letters in 320 Linton Hall, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI, 
48824. Ellen Cushman, the chair of the search committee, is available to 

answer any questions related to this search and can be reached at (517) 


355-2400 or cushmane@msu.edu. 
Deadlines: Due date for receipt of applications is November 15, 2010, 
though the search will remain open unti l the positions are f i lled. For 
more info, go online to: info.cal.msu.edu 


MSU is com m itted to achieving excellence through cultural diversit y. 
The universit y actively encourages applications and/or nominations of 
women, persons of color, veterans and persons with disabilities. MSU 
is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer.Email Us Here: 
cushmane@msu.edu 


Michigan SU 

English, 201 Morrill Hall East Lansing MI 48824 

Assistant Professor of English 14168 

http://www.english.msu.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for a position in the long 
18th centur y, including possible specializations in the Restoration, the 
18th century, or Romanticism, or in a specialization that encompasses/ 
crosses the period 1650–1820. Secondary fields might include one or more 
of the following: visual studies, the Black Atlantic, transatlantic literature, 
global literar y studies, digital humanities, creative writing, gender studies, 
and film studies. MSU English is a vital, productive department with an 
undergraduate major with tracks in literature, film studies, education, and 
creative writing. The M.A. /Ph.D. program is organized around cross-
field emphasis areas. English Department faculty are expected to contribute 
to the general education program in the College of Arts and Letters. 

Send letter of application, C.V., letters of recommendation, and writing 
sample to: Chair, 18th centur y search committee, Department of English, 
201 Mor ril l Hal l, Michigan State Universit y, East Lansing, MI 48824. 
Review of applications will begin on Dec 23, 2010, and continue until 
the position is filled. 

Michigan State University is an aff ir mative action /equal oppor tunit y 
employer. MSU is committed to achieving excellence through cultural 
diversity. The university actively encourages applications and /or nominations 
of women, persons of color, veterans and persons with disabilities. 
[R] 


Michigan SU 

English, 201 Morrill Hall East Lansing MI 48824 

Assistant Professor of English 14033 

http://www.english.msu.edu/ 
Assistant Professor of English with a specialization in African American 
Literature and Culture /Black Studies, beginning August 16, 2011. The 
successful candidate will also be expected to contribute research, teaching, 
and outreach efforts in the Ph.D. program in African American and 
African Studies (A A AS). Faculty members are expected to contribute to 
the general education program in the College of Arts and Letters. MSU 
English is a vital, productive department with an undergraduate major 
with tracks in literature, film studies, education, and creative writing. The 

M.A. /Ph.D. program is organized around cross-field emphasis areas. The 
A A AS Program is one of twelve Ph.D. programs in African Amer ican 
and African Studies nationally. It is interdepartmental, interdisciplinar y 
and richly diasporic, with an emphasis on a core Black Studies discipline 
that seeks to develop scholars committed to academic excellence and social 
responsibility among peoples and communities of African Americans, 
Africans and the non-US African Diaspora. 
QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English or a related discipline. Teaching 

experience preferred. 
APPLICATIONS: Send letter of application, C.V., letters of recommendation, 
and writing sample to: African American Lit and Culture Search 
Committee, Depar tment of English, 201 Morr ill Ha l l, Michigan State 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


University, East Lansing, MI 48824. Review of applications will begin on 

Dec. 3, 2010, and continue until the position is filled. 
Michigan State Universit y is an aff ir mative action /equal oppor tunit y 
employer. MSU is committed to achieving excellence through cultural 
diversity. The university actively encourages applications and /or nominations 
of women, persons of color, veterans and persons with disabilities. 
[R] 


Michigan Tech U 

Humanities Department, 1400 Townsend Dr Houghton MI 49931 

Assistant Professor of Composition 1374 4 

http://www.hu.mtu.edu 
The Depar tment of Humanities at Michigan Technological Universit y 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Composition 
to begin Fall 2011. Candidates should have a record of excellent teaching 
and scholarly work in composition, broadly defined, and an interest 
in writing program and/or writing center administration. The preferred 
candidate will have expertise in one or more of the following areas: computers 
& composition, cross-language writing, visual/multimodal com


position, research methodologies, English education, pedagogy, literacy 
studies. 
The department's graduate and underg raduate programs afford facult y 


unique opportunities to teach and engage in research that both shapes 
and benefits from a rich multi-disciplinary environment. The department 
offers doctoral and masters degrees in the interdisciplinary Rhetoric and 
Technical Communication program and undergraduate major degrees in 
Scientific and Technical Communication, Communication and Culture 
Studies, Liberal Arts, and English, including English with a concentration 
in Secondar y Education. The department also contributes to the general 
education program of the university. The usual tenure-track teaching load 
is 2 courses (6 hrs.) per semester. 


Please see our website: http://www.hu.mtu.edu. 


Please send a letter of application, curriculum vita, and three confidential 
letters of recommendation to: 
Dr. Marilyn Cooper 
Chair, Composition Search Committee 
Department of Humanities 
Michigan Technological University 
1400 Townsend Drive 
Houghton, MI 49931-1295 
Review of applications begins on December 1, 2010 and wil l continue 


until the position is filled. Candidates should have the Ph.D. or expect to 


receive the Ph.D. by July 1, 2011. 
Michigan Technological University is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer/educational institution. Members of under represented 
groups are encouraged to apply. 


In add it ion to the present search, strateg ic f acu lt y h i r i ng i n it iat ives 
with up to ten new positions in "Next Generation Energy Systems" and 
"Health: Basic Sciences, Technolog ies, and Medical Informatics" are 
under way and qualified candidates are encouraged to send a separate application, 
following the "How to Apply" guidelines at http://www.mtu 
.edu/sf hi 


Michigan Tech is an A DVA NCE institution, one of a lim ited number 
of universities in receipt of NSF funds in support of our commitment to 
increase diversit y and the participation and advancement of women in 
STEM. [R] 


Northern Michigan U 

English, 1401 Presque Isle Av Marquette MI 49855 

Assistant Professor, tenure track position in creative writing: Nonfiction 
14071 

http://www.nmu.edu 
The Department of English at Northern Michigan University invites applications 
for a tenure track position in creative writing: Nonfiction. MFA 
or PhD required. Expectations include publications, successful teaching 
exper ience at the col lege level, the abilit y to teach underg raduate and 
graduate workshops, and undergraduate composition and/or literature 
courses. In addition to nonfiction, a secondary area of emphasis is desir


able. Other responsibilities include the direction of MA and MFA theses. 
Competitive salary, excellent benefits, congenial department. 
To apply for this position, please submit a cover letter, curriculum vita, 


transcripts, the names, addresses and telephone numbers of three references 
to https://employme.nmu.edu. Applicant review will begin immediately. 
The position will be posted until February 15, 2011. 


Marquette, MI, is consistently named as one of the top ten places in the 


nation for quality of life and for raising a family. 
NMU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer and is strongly 
committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. 


Northern Michigan U 

English, 1401 Presque Isle Av Marquette MI 49855 

Assistant Professor, tenure track position in creative writing: Fiction 14070 

http://www.nmu.edu 
The Department of English at Northern Michigan University invites applications 
for a tenure track position in creative writing: Fiction. MFA or 
PhD required. Expectations include publications, successful teaching experience 
at the college level, the ability to teach undergraduate and graduate 
workshops, and undergraduate composition and/or literature courses. 
In addition to fiction, a secondar y area of emphasis is desirable. Other 


responsibilities include the direction of MA and MFA theses. Competitive 
salary, excellent benefits, congenial department. 
To apply for this position, please submit a cover letter, curriculum vita, 


transcripts, the names, addresses and telephone numbers of three references 
to https://employme.nmu.edu. Applicant review will begin immediately. 
The position will be posted until February 15, 2011. 


Marquette, MI, is consistently named as one of the top ten places in the 


nation for quality of life and for raising a family. 
NMU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer and is strongly 
committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. 


Saginaw Valley SU 

English, 7400 Bay Rd University Center MI 48710 

Assistant Professor of English 13906 

Assistant Professor of English 
Composition 

The Department of English at Saginaw Valley State University is seeking 
applicants for a tenure-track appointment with emphasis in Composition 
beginning Fall 2011. Qualified applicant must demonstrate research interest 
in issues tied to fi rst-year wr iting and a com mitment to innovative 
teaching, with heavy emphasis on first year writing. A BD or Ph.D. in English 
or closely related field required. For further information and to apply 
for this position please visit www.jobs.svsu.edu. Interested applicants must 
apply online at www.jobs.svsu.edu. SVSU is an EO/AA employer. 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 A ngell Hall Ann A rbor MI 48109 

Assistant Professor 13796 

DIGITA L EN VIRONM ENTS. As part of a cluster hire that involves 
similar hires in the Department of English, the Department of Communication 
Studies, and the School of Information, the Program in American 
Culture (AC) at the University of Michigan invites applications for a 
tenure-track university-year assistant professorship in “Digital Environments” 
beginning September 1, 2011. 

Scholars examining all aspects of digital media (e.g., Internet, ethnographies 
or cultural histories of new media, dynamics of social networking, 
new technologies of political organizing, games and gaming, etc.) from 
the perspectives of Amer ican studies, Amer ican ethnic studies, and/or 
American cultural studies, are encouraged to apply. Ph.D. required prior 
to employment. 

All application materials must be submitted electronically (in Microsoft 
Word or PDF format) to ac-position@umich.edu 
Applicants should send 

1. Cover letter addressed to Chair, Digital Environments Search Committee 
2. Vita 
3. Evidence of Scholarship (i.e., writing sample) 
4. Statement of teaching philosophy and experience 
5. Evidence of teaching excellence (i.e., teaching evaluations) 
6. Statement of current and future research plans 
7. Three or more letters of recommendation should be sent to ac-position@
umich.edu directly from the signer (or credentialing service) from 
an institutional e-mail address. 
Screening of applications will begin November 1, 2010 with plans to con


duct preliminary interviews in December 2010. 
Women and minority applicants are especially encouraged to apply. The 
University of Michigan is supportive of the needs of dual career couples 
and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 


Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Ste 9408 Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor of Composition Theory and Pedagogy (Assessment) 14153 

http://www.clas.wayne.edu/English 
The Department of English at Wayne State Universit y invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professorship in Composition Theor y 
and Pedagogy with a specialization in assessment. A PhD in English or 
Composition/Rhetoric is required. The candidate will join a PhD granting 
graduate program and contr ibute to our underg raduate program’s 
ongoing development in curriculum, pedagogy, teacher-training, and assessment 
in an urban research institution. The Composition Program is 

committed to scholarship and teaching that is both theoretically engaged 
and pragmatically grounded. 
To submit an application, applicants should go to http://jobs.wayne.edu 

(posting #037504) and upload the following: letter of application, CV, 2 
page teaching statement, and one 20–25 page writing sample. Applicants 
should also arrange to have 3 letters of recommendation sent to Ellen Barton, 
Chair, Department of English, Wayne State University, 5057 Wood-
ward, Detroit, MI 48202. All materials are due by Januar y 17, 2011, and 
preliminary inter views will take place via Skype the week of Januar y 24, 
2011. 

Wayne State University is a premier institution of higher education offering 
more than 350 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to 
more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University 
is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer [R] 


minnesotA 
Hamline U 

English, 1536 Hewitt Av, #156 St Paul MN 55104 

Assistant Professor of English: Professional Writing /Critical Media 13933 

http://www.hamline.edu/english 
The English Department at Hamline University invites applications for 

a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning fall 
2011. 
We seek candidates with scholarly promise and successful teaching ex


perience grounded in one of the general or related fields of professional 
writing, composition, rhetoric, or disciplinary writing as well as specialization 
in the scholarship of critical media or the intersections of textual 
production, reception, and technologies. 

A long with courses in expositor y and professional writing and cr itical 
media, candidates must be able to teach the sequence of courses offered 
by the department, including first-year writing, surveys, gateway courses 
in literar y study and literary and cultural theory, and the senior seminar. 
Candidates should be able to contribute to collaborative department initiatives 
and ongoing projects, including assessment. We particularly invite 
candidates, who, in the tradition of the department, are interested in 
interdisciplinar y, cross-disciplinary, and multicultural program delivery 
and development. Experience or interest in writing program or writingacross-
the-curriculum initiatives is welcomed. 

Candidates must have a Ph.D. by the time of employment, a commitment 
to the idea of a broad liberal arts and interdisciplinary education, and excellent 
teaching skills. Candidates should also be willing to engage in collaborative 
research with students, to supervise internships or experiential 
learning, and to integrate technolog y into their courses. Teaching load is 
six courses per year. All undergraduate faculty members at Hamline University 
advise students, participate in general education programs, serve 
on college and university committees, and undertake service assignments. 
Candidates are encouraged to visit Hamline’s website at www.hamline 
.edu before applying for this position. 

Send letter of application, C.V., and teaching philosophy by November 
15, 2010 to David Hudson, Chair, English Depar tment, M B 156, 
Hamline University, 1536 Hewitt Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55104. 

Hamline University is affiliated with the United Methodist Church and 
serves nearly 4,600 graduate and undergraduate students through its five 
colleges and schools. Hamline University has consistently ranked in the 
top ten of Midwestern comprehensive universities by the US News and 
World Report. The University’s mission is to create a diverse and collaborative 
community of learners dedicated to the development of students’ 
knowledge, values, and skills for successful lives of leadership, scholarship, 
and service. The University’s vision is to be a diverse, learning-centered 
university that is rooted in a tradition of liberal education, dynamic and 
actively inclusive, locally engaged and globally connected, and invested in 
the personal and professional growth of persons. Hamline University is an 
affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. [R] 


U of Minnesota, Duluth 

Writing Studies, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor Writing Studies 13897 

http://www.d.umn.edu/writ 
The Department of Writing Studies at the University of Minnesota Duluth 
seeks two tenure-track assistant professors for positions available beginning 
August 29, 2011. Successful applicants wil l have the vision to 
connect the study and teaching of writing with theories and methodologies 
in linguistics or composition theor y/professional writing. Job duties 


and responsibilities include teaching, research, and ser vice in Writing 
Studies. 
Required Qualifications: 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


~PhD or equivalent degree (completed by June 30, 2011) in composition/ 
rhetoric, English language/linguistics, technical communication, English, 
or a related field; 


~A defined research agenda leading to publications in peer reviewed journals; 
~Two years' experience teaching relevant college courses; 
~Evidence of excellence in teaching undergraduate courses 


Preferred Qualifications: 
~Record of presentation and publication in relevant fields, such as English 
lang uage/ l ing uist ics, composition studies, techn ica l com munication, 
writing pedagog y, writing program assessment and administration; 


~Experience teaching a broad range of undergraduate courses relevant to 


the major in Writing Studies and the related minors in the Department; 
~Experience with software relevant to corporate and industrial communication; 


~Knowledge of and/or experience in the rhetoric of science, engineering, 
or the social sciences; 


~Record of ability to work collaboratively and collegially 
Full-time tenure-track facult y in Wr iting Studies currently teach f ive 
classes per year. The successful candidate will teach a range of wr iting 
courses, including but not limited to freshman composition and advanced 
composition courses, courses to support the Writing Studies major, and 
our minors. The department expects the candidate to produce research 
in a relevant field. Service typically includes advising students, committee 
assignments, and department and curriculum development. 


To a p p l y , g o t o h t t p :// e m p l o y me nt .u m n .e d u / a p pl i c a n t s/ 


Central?quickFind=91099. The job requisition number is 169112. 
The Un iver sit y of M in nesota is an equa l oppor t un it y educator a nd 
employer. [R] 


mississippi 
A lcorn SU 

English & For Langs, 1000 ASU Dr, PO Box 120 Lorman MS 39096 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of QEP 14325 

http://www.alcorn.edu 
Alcorn State University seeks a Director for “Writing Matters,” a project 
to improve student writing, as part of its SACS Quality Enhancement 
Plan (QEP). The Director will provide leadership in program administration, 
facult y development, and assessment of program and student outcomes. 
The Director will hold an Assistant Professor position in the Dept. 
of English and will teach a minimum of one English course each semester. 
Qualifications include a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, experience 
in writing program administration, and administrative experience. Al-
corn State University, a state of Mississippi institution of higher learning, 
is a small HBCU in southwest Mississippi, with 3,500 students and forty 
undergraduate and graduate programs. Interested applicants should submit 
cover letter, official ASU employment application, 3 letters of reference, 
official transcripts, and resume/curriculum vitae. Send applications 
to Office of Human Resources, 1000 ASU Drive #390, Alcorn State, MS 
39096-7500, 601-877-6188. [R] 


Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of Applied Ling uistics 13783 

http://www.msstate.edu/dept/english/ 
Tenure-track position for assistant professor to begin in fall 2011. Ph D 
in applied linguistics, linguistics, or English with a linguistics concentration 
and college teaching experience required. We seek candidates with 
expertise in TESOL and with exper ience teaching TESOL theor y and 
pedagog y as well as general linguistics courses. The successful candi


date w il l carr y a 2–2 teaching assignment for the fi rst year, then a 3 –2 
assignment in subsequent years. Publications and professional service are 
required for tenure and promotion. Salary will be competitive. Affordable 
and comfortable faculty housing is usually available in the first two 
years of employment. Mississippi State University is a Carnegie Doctoral/ 
Research-Extensive institution with approximately 19,000 students on 
the main campus. Applicant must complete the Personal Data Information 
Form and apply on-line at www.jobs.msstate.edu to be considered 
for this position. Please send a letter and cv by December 15, 2010, to Dr. 
Richard Raymond, Head, Department of English, Mississippi State University, 
Drawer “E,” Mississippi State, MS 39762. Members of Phi Beta 
Kappa honor society are encouraged to apply. Mississippi State University 
is an AA/EO employer. [R] 


missour i 
Missouri U of Science & Tech 

English & Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla MO 
65409 

Assistant Professor 13985 

http://www.mst.edu 
Assistant Professor in English 
The Department of English and Technical Communication announces a 

tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2011, 
pending funding. Teaching load is three courses (9 hours) per semester. 
Ph. D. required, with a specialization in composition. Experience with 
writing program administration and online instruction is preferred. Missouri 
S&T, one of the four campuses in the University of Missouri system, 
is a research university; scholarly publication is required for tenure. Review 
of applications will begin on November 15, 2010 and continue until 
the position is filled. We will interview at MLA in January. 

Missouri S&T is an AA/EOE and does not discriminate based on race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or 
status as Vietnam-era veteran. 

Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 

Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify. For more information on E-Verify, 
please contact DHS at: 1-888-464-4218 
Please send a letter of application, vita, three letters of reference, and a 

composition syllabus. All application materials must be electronically submitted 
to the Missouri University of Science and Technology’s Human 
Resource Office using the following address: hrsinfo@mst.edu. Acceptable 
electronic for mats that can be used include PDF and Word. Hard 
copy documents will no longer be accepted. 

The f inal candidate is required to provide off icial transcr ipt(s) for any 
col lege deg ree(s) l isted i n appl icat ion mater ia l s subm it ted. Copies of 
transcript(s) must be provided prior to the start of employment. In addition, 
the final candidate may be required to verify other credentials listed 
in application materials. 

Failure to provide official transcript(s) or other required verification may 

result in the withdrawal of the job offer. 
NOTE: All application materials must have position reference number in 
order to be 

processed. 
Human Resources Services 
Reference Number: R31113 
Missouri University of Science & Technology 
hrsinfo@mst.edu 

42 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



U of Missouri, Columbia 

English, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Director, Campus Writing Program 14139 

http://www.missouri.edu 
The University of Missouri seeks a Director for its nationally recognized 
Campus Writing Program (CWP). Candidates should qualify for appointment 
as a tenured member of the faculty and have demonstrated success as 
an administrator. Academic rank and expectations for continued scholarship 
and/or teaching in the candidate’s area of expertise are negotiable. 
The Director reports to the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Studies. Full 

details about the position can be found on the Campus Writing Program 
website at http://cwp.missouri.edu. 
Applicants should submit a letter of application and full CV, including list 

of publications and references, as e-mail attachments to MUCWPdirectorsearch@
missouri.edu. Please include your last name in the title of your 
document fi les. Questions may be addressed to the Chair of the Search 
Committee, Dr. Wendy Sims, at the e-mail address above, or by phone at 

(573) 882-3238. Application review will begin Januar y 7th and continue 
until the position is filled. 
The Universit y of Missouri System is an Equa l Opportunit y/A ff irmative 
Action institution and is nondiscriminatory relative to race, religion, 
color, national or igin, sex, sexual or ientation, age, disabilit y or status 
as a Vietnam-era veteran. The Un iversit y of Missour i is in compliance 
with Title VI of the civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education 
Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and 
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. [R] 


montAnA 
U of Montana, Missoula 

English, 32 Campus Dr Missoula MT 59812 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 14020 

http://www.umt.edu/jobs 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Ethnic American Literatures 
to begin fall 2011, pending approval. Normal teaching load is five courses 
per year. Minimum qual ifications: Ph.D. at time of appointment, with 
specialization in African American, Asian American, Latina/Latino, Chicana/
Chicano, or Native American literatures, and Critical Race Theory. 
Send letter of application, CV, writing sample of relevant work, short 
statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of professional recommendation 
to Jill Bergman, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Montana, 32 Campus Drive, Missoula, MT 59812. Applications will be 
reviewed from Dec. 1 until the position is filled. University of Montana-
Missoula is committed to excellence through diversity and provides equal 
opportunity for education, employment and participation in University 
activities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, 
marital or family status, disability, or sexual orientation. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. UM provides domestic partner benefits. 
Background check required for employment. [R] 


nebr Ask A 
Creighton U 

English, 2500 California Plaza Omaha NE 68178 

Assistant Professor of English 13976 

http://mockingbird.creighton.edu 
Creighton University’s English department seeks to fi ll a tenure-track, 
entry-level Assistant Professor position in Modern/Contemporary American 
Literature; specialization in Western Literature or Native American 
Literature strongly preferred. Three-course load per semester. Ph.D. in 
above area required by August 2011 with evidence of excellent univer


sity-level teaching and significant publications. All faculty teach 100-level 
courses. Position begins August 2011. Candidates are strongly urged to 
familiar ize themselves with our programs, depar tment, universit y and 
mission at http://www.creightonenglish.org. Review of applications begins 
December 6, 2010 and continues until the position is filled. Two-part 
application process: 1. Fill out online application form and send CV at 
https://careers.creighton.edu (select “Faculty” link) ; 2. Send letter of application, 
CV, three letters of recommendation, graduate/undergraduate 
transcripts (photocopies acceptable initially), and writing samples to Dr. 
Bridget Keegan, Chair, Search Committee, English Department, Creighton 
Universit y, Omaha, NE 68178. Include emai l address. All applications 
acknowledged. A Jesuit, Catholic institution, Creighton University 
encourages applications from qualif ied individuals of al l backgrounds 
who believe they can contribute to the university’s distinctive educational 
traditions. Creighton is an EEO/AA employer and seeks a wide range of 
applicants for the position so that one of our core values—ethnic and cultural 
diversity—may be realized. [R] 


U of Nebraska, Kearney 

English, 905 W 25th St, 202 Thomas Hall Kearney NE 68849 

English, Department Chair /Associate or Full Professor 

http://www.unk.edu 
The Universit y of Nebraska—Kearney English depar tment invites applications 
for the position of Chair at the rank of professor or associate 
professor. The Chair is responsible for the oversight of academic programs 
and daily needs of the department, including evaluation of faculty, sched


uling courses, managing the budget, and representing the department to 
campus-wide entities. 
Required: Ph D or ter minal deg ree in English. Evidence of leadership/ 


administrative abilities. 
Preferred: Any academic area considered; medieval literature, composi


tion, long 18th-centur y British literature, and non-western literature especially 
welcome. 
For a full position descr iption and application procedures, please go to 


the UNK website at http://www.unk.edu. From Faculty & Staff, click on 
Employment Opportunities. To learn more about the department, visit 
http://www.unk.edu/academics/english/English. [R] 


new HAmpsHir e 
Southern New Hampshire U 

English, 2500 N R iver Rd Manchester NH 03106 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.snhu.edu 
Southern New Hampshire University seeks candidates for the full-time 
position of Assistant Professor of Eng lish, star ting September 1, 2011. 
Preference is given to candidates with a specialization in British literature 
of the Romantic and Victorian period, having the ability to teach 18th 
centur y and modernism. A Ph.D. and a strong record of success in teaching 
undergraduates is essential. Experience in teaching world literature 
from the En lightenment to World War II and a background that lends 
itself to interdisciplinar y teaching and research in the humanities are preferred. 
English faculty members are expected to teach half their course 
load in composition. Preliminar y interviews will be conducted at the annual 
MLA Convention in Los Angeles, Januar y 6–9, 2011. Interested candidates 
are requested to apply online at www.snhu.edu/jobs. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Lecturer in Professional & Technical Writing 14327 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/dq255r4 
Lecturer in Professional and Technical Writing The University of New 
Hampshire Department of English invites applicants for a one-year lectureship 
with the possibi lit y of renewa l in Professiona l and Technica l 
Writing. The 3–3 teaching load will include mostly the sophomore-level 
introductor y professional and technical writing course and composition 
courses. A junior-level course in this area will be piloted this spring and 
will likely be available as well. An ability to teach in a secondar y field in 
English a plus. A Ph.D in the field, M.F.A or equivalent ter mina l degree 
by Sept. 1, 2011 is preferred; however, an applicant with significant 
professional and teaching experience in professional and technical writing 
will be considered. How to Apply: A full position announcement 
and instructions on how to submit an application can be found online at 
https://jobs.usnh.edu Application Deadline: March 1, 2011. Cover letter, 
resume, dissertation abstract (required for PhD applicants), and writing 
sample are required and should be attached to the online application. You 
may also attach a teaching portfolio to the online application. Three professional 
reference letters are required documents and should be mailed to: 
University of New Hampshire, Dept. of English, 95 Main Street, Hamilton 
Sm ith Hall, room 113, Durham, NH 03824, Attn: Dawn Haines. 
Computer access/assistance is available at the Human Resources Office, 
2 Leavitt Lane, Durham, NH 03824 or call 603-862-0501 (TTY Users 
602-862-3227). Special Requirements: Backg round check may be required 
pr ior to employment. The Universit y of New Hampshire is an 
Equal Opportunit y/Equa l Access/Af f irmative Action institution. The 
universit y seeks excel lence through diversit y among its administrators, 
faculty, staff, and students. The university prohibits discrimination on the 
basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, 
gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. 
Application by members of all underrepresented groups in encouraged. 

U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Lectureship in Pre-1800 Literature 14039 

We are seeking applicants for a non-tenure-track lectureship with specialization 
in one or more areas of pre-1800 British literature. The 3–3 
teaching load will include literature surveys, Shakespeare, and some composition 
courses. 

Successful candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by Fall 2011. 

How to Apply: A full position announcement and instructions on how to 
submit an application can be found online at https://jobs.usnh.edu 

Application Deadline: Februar y 15, 2011 

Applicants should be prepared to upload the following required documents 
when applying online: cover letter, resume, and dossier: unofficial 
transcripts, three professional reference letters, teaching philosophy, writing 
sample and dissertation abstract. Computer access/assistance is available 
at the Human Resources Office, 2 Leavitt Lane, Durham, NH 03824 
or call 603-862-0501 (TTY Users 603-862-3227). 

U NH is a n A A /E EO Employer. U N H is com m itted to excel lence 
through the diversity of its faculty and staff and encourages women and 
minorities to apply.Apply Here 

new Jersey 
Fairleigh Dickinson U 

Lit, Lang, Writing, & Philos, 285 Madison Av, M-MS3– 01 Madison NJ 
07940 

Lecturer-College Writing Program 13949 

This is a full-time non-tenured faculty position. 
Instr uctiona l Responsibilit y: Four courses including developmental/ 


remedial writing and required freshman composition courses or the 12hour 
equivalent taught within the College Writing Program. 
SKILLS, EXPERIENCE and CREDENTIALS 


• A doctorate or a master's degree in composition is preferred; acceptable 
are master’s degrees in English literature or writing; credit hours in composition 
would be a plus. A master’s in education for teaching English is 
acceptable if the undergraduate degree is in English. 

• Experience and credentials related to developmental instruction are required; 
experience and/or credentials related to remedial reading instruction 
would be a plus. 
• Conference and other publication related to developmental instruction 
a plus. 

• A minimum of two (2) years applicable college teaching experience in 
composition and developmental /remedial writing required. 

• Experience teaching several levels of writing including experience with 
research instruction would be a plus. 

• Potential to serve as Coordinator for Developmental Writing. 
• Superior writing skill. 
• Ability to take a leading role in department meetings and program initiatives. 
• Employment is contingent upon a satisfactory background check. Candidates 
for hire wi l l be required to sig n a waiver author izing the background 
check and produce a Social Security Card. 
Application deadline: January 10, 2011 

New Jersey City U 

English, 2039 Kennedy Memorial Blvd Jersey City NJ 07305 

Assistant Professor (Composition Studies) 14085 

http://njcu.edu 
Anticipated Start Date: September 1, 2011 
The Eng l ish Depar t ment of the Wi l l iam J. Ma x wel l Col lege of A r t s 

and Sciences invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in 

Composition Studies, commencing Fall 2011. 
Experience in program administration is preferred. Teaching load is 12 
credits per semester and includes courses in the undergraduate major, general 
education program, and composition program. Additional responsibilities 
include service to the department and University and continued 
scholarly endeavor. Significant teaching experience required; experience 
teaching a diverse college student population is preferred. Candidate must 
have earned a Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature by September 
1, 2011. Doctoral candidates will be considered but the degree must 
be attained by the time of appointment, September 1, 2011. 

To Apply: Applicants should submit a letter of application, a cv, a statement 
of teaching philosophy, a short writing sample (10 pages), and three 
letters of recommendation by December 15, 2010, to: 

Dr. Barbara Feldman, Dean of Arts and Sciences 
William J. Maxwell College of Arts and Sciences 
New Jersey City University 
2039 Kennedy Blvd. 
Jersey City, New Jersey 07305 
Electron ic subm issions may be for wa rded by December 15, 2010, to 

deancas@njcu.edu. 

44 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Applications must be postmarked by December 15, 2010. [R] 


Rutgers U 

English, 360 Dr M L K ing, Jr Blvd Newark NJ 07102 

Assistant/Associate/Full Professor of Creative Writing 13957 

http://mfa.newark.rutgers.edu/ 
The Department of English and the Rutgers Newark MFA Program at 
Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey in Newark, invite applications 
from distinguished Poets and from distinguished Fiction writers 
for an (MFA) Assistant, Associate, or Professor position (dependent upon 
qualifications) to begin July 1, 2011. MFA or Ph.D required. Candidates 
should have a strong national reputation as a novelist and/or short story 
wr iter, at least two well–received books and substantial publication record, 
and extensive teaching experience. Additiona l exper tise in areas 
such as nonfiction or memoir preferred. We seek an excellent, committed 
teacher who has made and wil l continue to make impor tant contr ibutions 
to contemporar y literature, and who shows interest in our diverse, 
uniquely structured program & extensive community outreach. Duties 
include teaching fiction or poetry workshops & graduate or undergraduate 
literature courses, directing graduate theses, & advising graduate students 
in fiction, poetry and related topics. Candidates should send letter of 
application, writing sample (published books with SASE acceptable), C.V., 
and three letters of recommendation to: Jayne Anne Phillips, Co-Chair, 
Search Committee, Rutgers Newark MFA Program, c/o English Dept. 
501 Hill Hall, Rutgers Newark University, 360 Dr. MLK. Jr. Blvd, Newark, 
NJ, 07102. Review of applications will begin Nov. 15, 2010. Women 
& minorities are encouraged to apply. EOE/AA [R] 


Seton Hall U 

English, 400 South Orange Av South Orange NJ 07079 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature/Shakespeare 14178 

http://www.shu.edu 
The English Department at Seton Hall University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in Renaissance Literature with a specialization in 
Shakespeare to begin August 2011. The standard teaching load for faculty 
who are research and service active is 9 credits per semester. Course assignments 
will be balanced between first-year writing, university core, 
surveys, advanced electives, and graduate classes. We seek candidates with 
a commitment to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and service. Candidates 
must have the Ph.D. in hand by the time of appointment. Send a 
letter of application, current vita, and three letters of reference to Mar y 
Balkun, Chairperson, by December 20, 2010. Submissions may be in 
paper or electronic form (mar y.balkun@ shu.edu). If the latter, indicate 
“Renaissance/Shakespeare Search” in subject box. We will be interviewing 
at the MLA convention in January. Seton Hall University is a Catholic 
diocesan university and an EO/AA employer. 

William Paterson U 

English, 300 Pompton Rd Wayne NJ 07470 

Assistant Professor of Rhetor ic/Composition 14136 

http://www.wpunj.edu/cohss/departments/english 
The Department of English is pleased to solicit applications for a tenure-
track position at the level of assistant professor to teach rhetoric/composition 
with an emphasis on professional writing. Subspecialties of interest 
include children's and British literature. The successful candidate will be 
expected to serve the department's First-Year English program, the undergraduate 
major, the newly established M.F.A. in Creative and Professional 
Writing, and the University Core Curriculum. Preference will be 
given to candidates with expertise in Critica l Writing and in teaching 
technica l, business and professional wr iting that incor porates technolog 
y-intensive objectives. PhD required. Publications and college-level 
teaching experience required. We seek candidates who are committed to 

a high level of teaching effectiveness, to ongoing scholarship or creative 


expression, and to academic service. 
Candidates should send letters of application, current curriculum vitae, 
and a minimum of 3 reference letters with contact infor mation to Dr. 
Linda Hamalian, Chair, Department of English, William Paterson University, 
300 Pompton Road, Wayne, NJ 07470. Email (for inquires only): 
hamalianl@wpunj.edu 


Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 


new mexiCo 
New Mexico SU 

English, 1385 International Mall Clara Belle Williams Rm 132 Las 
Cruces NM 88003 

Assistant Professor of English: 19th-century British Literature 14023 

http://www.nmsu.edu/~english/ 
Qualifications: PhD in English with a specialization in Victorian literature 
and the development of the novel; other desired subspecialties include 
post-colonial literature and comparative literature. Demonstrable 
commitment to both teaching and scholarship; ability to teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses (typical teaching load is 3/3) as well as serve on 


MA thesis comm ittees; all requirements for PhD completed by date of 
hire in August 2011. 
The Department of English offers the B.A. in English (with emphases in 


Creative Writing, Literature, and Rhetoric), the M.A. in English (with 
emphases i n Creat ive Wr iti ng, Literat ure, R hetor ic and Professiona l 
Communication, and Teaching English Studies), the MFA in Creative 
Writing, and the PhD in Rhetoric and Professional Communication. All 
tenure-track faculty contribute to the undergraduate general education 
program through courses in literature and writing. 


New Mexico State University is a comprehensive land-grant institution 
of higher learning accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the 
North Central Association of Col leges and Universities. An active research 
university, NMSU anchors the southern end of New Mexico’s Rio 
Grande Research Corridor, exceeding $140 million in research and public 
service expenditures. NMSU is classified as a Hispanic-serving institution 
by the federa l government with a total m inorit y enrollment over 48%. 
Home to the state's NASA Space Grant Prog ram, NMSU is located in 
Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, the farmlands of the Rio Grande 
Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an extension of the Rocky Mountain 
chain. 


Benefits: Group medical, hospital and dental insurance, group life and dis


ability, and state educational retirement. 
Deadline: Screening of applications begins December 1, 2010, and applications 
received after this date may be considered. Position remains open 
until filled. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 


Salar y: Commensurate with education and experience. 
Reply to: Letter of application with cur rent CV, wr iting sample, and 
three letters of recommendation to Dr. Kathryn Valentine, Chair of Per


sonnel, Department of English, MSC 3E, Box 30001, NMSU, Las Cruces, 
NM 88003. 
NMSU IS A N EEO/A A EMPLOYER. A ll offers of employment, oral 


and written, are contingent on the university's verification of credentials 
and other information required by federal law, state law, and NMSU policies 
and procedures, and may include the completion of a criminal histor y 
check. We encourage applications from women and minorities. For information 
about the Department of English, please visit our website: www 
.nmsu.edu/~english. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


U of New Mexico 

English Lang & Lit, 1 Univ of New Mexico, MSC 03 2170 A lbuquerque 
NM 87131 

Assistant Professor of American literature 14054 

http://www.unm.edu/~english/ 
The English Department of the University of New Mexico seeks a tenure-
line assistant professor who specializes in American, Chicano/a, and 
southwestern literary and cultural studies from the Progressive Era (1910s) 
to the present. Desirable secondar y qualifications include expertise in in


terdisciplinar y methodologies and critical regionalisms, though we prefer 
projects that are decidedly literar y. 
The teaching responsibilities associated with this position will include— 


but not be strictly limited to—our Chicano/a literature sequence (sophomore-
to M.A.-level courses), as well as our lower-division American 
Literature surveys (both early and late) and upper-division historical survey 
of literar y criticism and theor y. Courses typically taught by members 
of UNM’s literature faculty range from sophomore level introductions to 
Ph.D. seminars. The teaching load is 2/2. The appointment will be in a 
probationary position leading to a tenure decision. 


The sea rch com m ittee w i l l beg in to rev iew appl icat ion s on December 
7, 2010 and cont inue the screen ing process unt i l the posit ion is 
fi l led. Prelim inar y inter views wil l take place by telephone. Please upload 
a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and scholarly writing sample 
(of not more than 25 pages) at https://unmjobs.unm.edu/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=60322. Please submit 3 letters of recommendation 
directly to Dr. Gary Scharnhorst, Search Committee Chair, at gscharn@ 
unm.edu or to University of New Mexico, English Department, MSC03 
2170, Albuquerque, NM 87131. 


The appointment date is August 2011, and the successful candidate must 
have a Ph.D. in hand by that date. Minimum qualifications for this position 
are a Ph.D. in Chicana/o Literature or related discipline. Preferred 
qualifications include: 2 years of college or universit y teaching experience, 
scholarly publications or professional presentations, and knowledge 
of and ability to teach general courses in American Literature, Southwestern 
American Literature, interdisciplinar y studies, and/or literary criticism 
and theory. 


This position is contingent upon final budgetary approval. 
UNM is a Carneg ie Ver y High Research institution, a federal ly-designated 
Hispanic-ser ving institution, and an Equal Opportunit y/A f-
f irmative Action Employer. The Universit y is especial ly interested in 
candidates who can contr ibute to diversit y through their teaching, research, 
and service. 


new york 
Bard C 

Lang & Lit, PO Box 5000 Annandale-on-Hudson NY 12504 

Faculty in MAT Graduate program 14105 

http://www.bard.edu/mat/ 
The Bard College Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT) Program is now accepting 
applications for a faculty position in English literature, teaching at 
the common campus of the Bard College Master of Arts in Teaching Program 
and the Paramount Bard Academy (PBA), a charter school ser ving 
grades 6–12, in Delano, California. This is a full-time appointment and 
preference will be given to literature scholars with a specialty in areas that 
connect to the California State curriculum standards. The MAT Program 
is committed to rigorous graduate training in biology, English, histor y, 
and mathematics; intense involvement in high school/middle school classrooms; 
partnerships for educational change with participant schools; and 
a re-conceptualized education curriculum. Courses in education and the 
student’s discipline are closely integrated in the M AT curriculum w ith 
the practical challenges of classroom instruction in a yearlong residency 
program at PBA and other local schools. In addition, the new PBA cam


pus offers a unique oppor tunit y for graduate and public school facult y 
and students to contribute to creating a model educational environment, 
linking theor y and practice in the context of the daily operations of the 
Paramount Bard Academy. For this reason, the MAT program requires a 
high degree of faculty collaboration, and we seek full-time and part-time 
faculty who share our commitments. The successful candidate will have 
a Ph.D. and a commitment to preparing high-quality teachers. Teaching 
begins in June 2011. Applications will be accepted immediately and hiring 
will be carried out on a rolling basis. 

To apply, please send a letter of interest, current CV, statement of teaching 
philosophy, and names and contact infor mation of three references 
by email only to hr10064@bard.edu Please contact Bard’s MAT Program 
with any questions: mat@bard.edu or 845-758-7145. Bard College is an 
equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from individuals 
who contribute to its diversity. AA/EOE [R] 


C of Saint Rose 

English, 432 Western Av A lbany NY 12203 

Assistant Professor of English 14241 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/tx5eahx 
The College of Saint Rose in Albany, NY, seeks a qualified candidate for 

a tenure-track Assistant Professor in the English Department, starting in 
August 2011. 
Candidate must have an earned doctorate in English with specialization 

in Early Literature of the Americas by the position commencement date. 
This line will involve courses in Early Literature of the Americas on the 
undergraduate and graduate levels. The candidate should be able to teach 
a range of other undergraduate courses and have a demonstrated ability to 
work with and instruct a diverse group of people. The College of Saint 
Rose values diversity and abides by federal, state and local law in admissions, 
employment and all ser vices and programs provided. It does not 
unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, religion/creed, 
disabilit y, age, national/ethnic origin, sexual orientation or any other 
condition established by law. 

Candidate should apply online at http://w ww.strose.edu/officesandre


sources/employment_opportunities/employmentopportunities. 
Review of applications will begin January 18, 2011; deadline for applications: 
Februar y 1, 2011. 

Apply Here: http://www.click2apply.net/tx5eahx 

Colgate U 

English, 13 Oak Dr Hamilton N Y 13346 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English and Africana & Latin American 
Studies 14091 

http://www.colgate.edu 
Visiting Assistant Professor of English and Africana and Latin American 
Studies for academic year 2011–12. Completion of PhD prior to or shortly 
after date of hire required. We seek someone broadly trained in African 
Studies with a research specialization in African Anglophone literature. 
Teaching assignment of five courses per year, including at least one course 
in African literature and contributions to the university's interdisciplinary 
Core Communities and Identities component. Applications may be 
emailed (as pdf fi les) to ALSTsearch@colgate.edu; they should include 
letter of application, vita, and dossier including three letters of recommendation. 
Regular mai l submissions are also acceptable and may be 
sent to ALST/English Search Chair, ALST, Colgate University, 13 Oak 
Drive, Hamilton, NY 13346. Review of applications will begin on December 
10, 2010. Preliminary interviews may be held at the MLA Convention 
in January. Colgate is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty, staff, and student 
body further the Universit y’s educationa l m ission. Applications from 
women and minorities are strongly encouraged. Applicants with dual-career 
considerations can find postings of other employment opportunities 

46 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



at Colgate and at other institutions of higher education in upstate New 
York at www.upstatenyherc.org. [R] 


Colgate U 

English, 13 Oak Dr Hamilton N Y 13346 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing: Fiction) 13816 

http://www.colgate.edu 
Colgate Un iversit y seeks to fi l l a tenure-track position in fiction writing, 
rank of assistant professor, beginning fall term 2011. Completion of 
MFA or PhD prior to or shortly after date of hire required. Teaching load 
of five courses per year includes creative writing workshops and courses 
in literature; the position carries the expectation of a contribution to all-
university programs, which includes the Liberal Arts Curriculum CORE 
program. Salary and benefits are competitive. Please send letter of application, 
vita, dossier (including 3 letters of recom mendation), and wr iting 
sample to Search Committee, c/o Jane Pinchin, Chair, Department 
of English, Colgate University, 13 Oak Drive, Hamilton, NY 13346. Re


view of applications will begin November 15, 2010. Preliminar y interviews 
will be held at the MLA Convention, Januar y 6–9, 2011. 
Colgate is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Develop


ing and sustain ing a diverse facult y, staff, and student body further the 
University’s educational mission. Applications from women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged. Applicants with dual-career considerations 
can find postings of other employment opportunities at Colgate and at 
other institutions of higher education in upstate New York at www.upstatenyherc.
org. [R] 


Colgate U 

English, 13 Oak Dr Hamilton N Y 13346 

Assistant Professor of English (19th Century British Poetry) 13815 

http://www.colgate.edu 
Colgate Universit y seeks to fi ll a tenure-track position, beginning fa l l 
term 2011, in nineteenth century British poetry. Completion of the Ph.D. 
prior to or shortly after the date of hire is expected. Teaching assignment 
of five courses per year includes introductory literature courses in 
British literature and advanced courses in the candidate’s area(s) of specialization; 
the position carries the expectation of a contribution to all-
university programs, which includes the Liberal Arts Core Curriculum 
CORE program. Salar y and benefits are competitive. Please send letter 
of application, vita and dossier (including 3 letters of recommendation) to 
Jane Pinchin, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, Colgate 
University, 13 Oak Drive, Hamilton, NY 13346. Review of applications 

will begin November 15, 2010. Preliminar y interviews will be held at the 
MLA Convention, Januar y 6–9, 2011. 
Colgate is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Develop


ing and sustain ing a diverse facult y, staff, and student body further the 
University’s educational mission. Applications from women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged. Applicants with dual-career considerations 
can find postings of other employment opportunities at Colgate and at 
other institutions of higher education in upstate New York at www.upstatenyherc.
org. [R] 


Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 

Professor/Associate Professor, Comparative Literary Studies 14109 

http://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=54019 
Columbia University 
Department of English and Comparative Literature 
The Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race and the Department of 

English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University invite applications 
for tenured position in comparative literar y studies with a pos


sible focus on Asian-American or Asian diaspora materials and archives. 
The position may be filled at the rank of Associate Professor or Professor. 
Research areas of interest may include: textual mig rations, cr itical 
theories of transnational community formations, the relationship between 
globalization and national literatures and visual culture. Teaching duties 
will be d ivided bet ween Columbia's Department of English and Comparative 
Literature and the undergraduate program in the Center for the 
Study of Ethnicity and Race. The candidate's tenure home will be Columbia's 
Department of English and Comparative Literature. Applications 
must be f iled online at https://academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=54019 by February 15, 2011. All applications must be 
made through Columbia University's online application system. On the 
site, please upload a cover letter, current CV, list of references and a writing 
sample of no more than twenty pages and arrange for three letters of 
recommendation. 

Columbia Un iver sit y is a n Equa l Oppor t u n it y/A f f ir m at ive Act ion 
employer. [R] 


CUN Y, Bronx Comm C 

English, 2155 University Av Bronx NY 10453 

Assistant Professor of English 13904 

Positions available for Fal l, 2011 to teach composition, developmenta l 
wr iting, and/or Eng lish as a Second Lang uage. Evening and weekend 
teaching is expected. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
Ph.D. degree in area(s) of expertise, or equivalent as noted below. Also required 
are the ability to teach successfully, interest in productive scholar


ship or creative achievement, and ability to cooperate with others for the 
good of the institution. 
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS 
Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric, English, Applied Linguistics, Com


parative Literature or related field required. Engagement and comm itment 
to departmental and college assignments expected. Experience in 
and commitment to teaching in an urban community college environment 
with a diverse student body highly desirable. 

COMPENSATION 
$42,873-$81,645 
BENEFITS 
CUNY offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees and eligible 

dependents based on job title and classification. Employees are also offered 
pension and Tax-Deferred Savings Plans. Part-time employees must meet 
a weekly or semester work hour criteria to be eligible for health benefits. 
Health benefits are also extended to retirees who meet the eligibility criteria. 


HOW TO APPLY 

Please apply through CUNYfirst, at www.cuny.edu/employment.htm l 
with a cover letter, curriculum vitae and three professional references. 
CLOSING DATE 
12/17/10 

CUN Y, Bronx Comm C 

English, 2155 University Av Bronx NY 10453 

Lecturer English 13902 

Positions available in Fal l, 2011 to teach composition, developmental 
wr iting, and/or Eng lish as a Second Lang uage. Evening and weekend 
teaching is expected. Successful candidates will engage in departmental 
and committee assignments. 

QUALIFICATIONS 
Master's degree preferred in Composition and Rhetoric, English, Applied 
Linguistics, Comparative Literature or related field. Experience in and 
commitment to teaching in an urban community college environment for 
a diverse student body is desirable. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


COMPENSATION 
$41,435-$74,907 
BENEFITS 
CUNY offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees and eligible 

dependents based on job title and classification. Employees are also offered 
pension and Tax-Deferred Savings Plans. Part-time employees must meet 
a weekly or semester work hour criteria to be eligible for health benefits. 
Health benefits are also extended to retirees who meet the eligibility criteria. 


HOW TO APPLY 

Please apply through CUNYfirst, www.cuny.edu/employment.html with 
cover letter, curriculum vitae and three professional references. 
CLOSING DATE 

Hobar t & William Smith Colleges 

Writing & R hetoric, Smith Hall 214 Geneva NY 14456 

Assistant Professor of Writing and Rhetoric 13784 

http://www.hws.edu/ 
Assistant Professor, Tenure Track 
The Writing and Rhetoric Program at Hobart and William Smith Col


leges invites applications for a tenure-track position at the Assistant or Advanced 
Assistant Professor level in Composition Pedagogy, Theor y and 
Research, beginning Fall 2011; Ph.D. in composition required; A BD 
considered. A secondary field of Writing Across the Curriculum and experience 
with digital technologies and paperless classrooms preferred. 

Teaching responsibilities include five courses per year, ranging from introductor 
y to advanced wr iting courses. Candidates must demonstrate 
teaching excellence or provide evidence of promise; experience with nontraditional 
evaluation methods including portfolio assessment preferred. 
In add it ion, the successf u l cand id ates w i l l have a record of schola rly 
achievement and a research and publication agenda for the future. 

The WRRH Program also directs the innovative and nationally recognized 
Writing Colleagues Program (see http://www.hws.edu/academics/ 
curr_colleagues.aspx). Successful applicants must be prepared to participate 
in this program. Other responsibilities include advising students, departmental 
service such as participation in departmental retreats, review 
committees, and so on, participation in campus-level service and service 
in professional arenas in the broader community. 

Founded as Hoba r t Col lege for men a nd Wi l l ia m Sm ith Col lege for 
women, Hobart and Wil liam Sm ith Col leges today are a highly selective 
residential l iberal arts institution located in a smal l diverse cit y in 
the Finger Lakes region of New York State. With an enrollment of approximately 
2,000, the Colleges offer 62 different majors and minors from 
which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be 
an interdisciplinar y program. Creative and extensive programs of international 
study and public service are also at the core of the Colleges’ mission. 


Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and supporting 
faculty and staff comprised of women and men that fully represent 
the racial, ethnic, and cultural diversit y of the nation and actively seek 
applications from under-represented g roups. The Colleges do not discriminate 
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national 
origin, age, disability, veteran's status, or sexual orientation or any other 
protected status. EOE 

Application instructions: 
Please send letters of application (including a CV, descriptions of research 
and teaching interests, and sample syllabi including assignments) and arrange 
for 3 letters of recom mendation to be sent to: Professor Cher yl 

Forbes, The Writing and Rhetoric Program, Hobart and William Smith 
Colleges, Geneva, NY 14456-3397. 
Applications must be received by November 30, 2010. Interviews will be 

conducted at the MLA Convention in Januar y. [R] 


Long Island U 

English, 720 Northern Blvd Brookville N Y 11548 

Assitant Professor of Rhetoric 14288 

http://www.liu.edu/CWPost.aspx 
LIU, C W Post, 720 Northern Blvd, Eng lish, Brookvil le N Y 115481300. 
Probable tenure-line asst. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. 
Field: Rhetoric and Composition (possibly including creative 
wr iting pedagog y or new media and digital literacy with background 
in electronic assessment and e-port folios; possible future administrative 
work). Scholarly publications required. Additional creative publications 
welcome. To begin September 2011. Salar y competitive. Teaching 
load three classes a semester including fist-year writing on a regular basis. 
E-mail applications preferred and acknowledged by return e-mail; surface 
mail applications acknowledged if retur n postcard is provided. By 
01 March 2011, send cover letter and CV to Richard McNabb, Chair, 
Search Committee. Please do not send copies of publications or letters 
of reference at this time. Applications received after the deadline may be 
considered if search remains open. Richard.McNabb@liu.edu [R] 


Medaille C 

Humanities, 18 Agassiz Cir Buffalo NY 14214 

Assistant Professor in Literature 14216 

http://www.medaille.edu 
The Humanities Department at Medai l le College seeks a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor in Br itish literature, sub-field open. We seek someone 
with a strong background in theory and practice of teaching beginning 
writing. Completed PhD and a demonstrated record of excellence in 
teaching are required. Successful candidates will teach at least two beginning 
writing classes a semester in a 4–4 load, with the remaining classes in 

area of specialization and in our General Education curriculum. Opportunities 
exist for occasional course release for professional development. 
Medaille is a growing, private, four-year, liberal arts teaching college in 

Buffalo, New York, serving the educational needs of traditional and nontraditional 
students in Western New York and Southern Ontario through 
a variety of undergraduate and graduate programs ( http://www.medaille 
.edu ). 

Please submit a letter of interest, current CV, and three letters of reference 
to: Barbara Bilotta, Director of Human Resources, Medaille College, 18 
Agassiz Circle, Buffalo, NY 14214. Review of applications will begin on 
January 21, 2011, and continue until position is filled. Appointment begins 
August 15, 2011. No phone calls please. 

Monroe Comm C 

English & Philos, 1000 E Henrietta Rd Rochester NY 14623 

English, Faculty Member Full Time Tenure-Track, Fall '11 14257 

http://jobs.monroecc.edu 
Monroe Community College announces a tenure-track position in English 
for fall of 2011. A PhD English, or Master’s English, or MFA and 
BA/BS English, or M E in teaching w/BA/BS in English or Ph.D Humanities 
and BA/BS English or MA Humanities and BA/BS English and 
ability to teach courses in English, specifically college level and advanced 
writing, as well as introductor y literature classes are required. The normal 
teaching load is 15 FCH’s per semester. To review complete job description 
and electronic application instructions, please visit: http://jobs.monroecc.
edu/postings94 Letters may be addressed to Search Comm ittee 
Members. Screening is to commence by Januar y 17, 2011. Upon submission 
of required materials an electronic confirmation is supplied. Monroe 
Communit y College is a unit of the State Universit y of New York. It 
is the policy of the Universit y and this Col lege not to discriminate on 
the basis of age, race, creed, color, national or ig in, sexual orientation, 
militar y status, sex, disability, predisposing genetic characteristics, marital 
status or domestic violence victim status in admissions, employment, and 

48 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



treatment of students and employees in any educational program or activity 
administered by any of its units. 

The New School 

Humanities, 66 W 12 St, 901 Humanities New York NY 10011 

Assistant Professor of Performance Studies 13974 

http://www.newschool.edu 
The New School seeks to hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Performance 
Studies in the Universit y’s signature Bachelor’s Program in 
which approx imately 700 non-traditional students, adults, and transfer 
students pursue self-designed degrees in the liberal arts. Our classes in


clude both degree and non-degree students, including a large number of 
students with interest and prior experience in theater and performance. 
The assistant professor will be expected to teach courses in performance 


studies across the Humanities curriculum; advise students completing a 
self-designed liberal arts degree; and contribute to the ongoing restructuring 
of the undergraduate curriculum. The successful candidate will be 
a promising scholar and charismatic teacher in the interdisciplinar y field 
of performance studies, although the specific research focus is open. Intercultural 
expertise and an interest in ethnic and/or gender studies would 
be welcome. 


Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Per formance Studies or a related Hu


manities discipline. 
All applications must be completed online at The New School’s Human 
Resource’s website (http://careers.newschool.edu). Direct link to posting: 
https://careers.newschool.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52511 [R] 


Saint Bonaventure U 

English, Box A A St Bonaventure NY 14778 

Assistant Professor-English 14061 

http://www.sbu.edu 
The English Department at St. Bonaventure University invites applica


tions for an assistant professor, tenure track, to start in Januar y, 2011 or 
Fall, 2011. Specialization: Early American Literature. 
Expertise in Early American Literature and the American novel to 1865, 


with particular attention to literature’s aesthetic, social, and political contexts, 
is required. Desired subfields within the period include popular literature 
and its media conditions, literature and democracy, religion, race 
and gender. Outside the early American period, interests in creative writing, 
film studies, or interdisciplinar y interests appropriate to our core curriculum 
are equally welcome. 


In add it ion to Early A mer ica n cour ses, the successf u l cand id ate w i l l 
be expected to teach composition and critical thinking as wel l as work 
closely with undergraduate majors and graduate students in a multifaceted 
MA program. 


Required: Ph.D., evidence of effective teaching, evidence of scholarly 
achievement and potential. Undergraduate/graduate teaching load of four 
courses (12 credit hours) per semester. 


Send letter of application, teaching and research statements, and curriculum 
vitae to Office of the Dean, Dr. Wolfgang Natter, School of Arts and 
Sciences, St. Bonaventure University, St. Bonaventure, NY 14778 or via 
email to smartin@sbu.edu Queries about the department or the position 
may be addressed to Search Chair Richard Simpson, Professor, Department 
of English: rsimpson@sbu.edu. 


Application review will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. Dossiers will be requested after the initial screening. Appreciation 
of the Franciscan-Catholic mission of St. Bonaventure University 
is expected of the successful candidate. The Universit y is an equa l opportunity 
employer committed to fostering diversity in its faculty, staff, 
and student body, and strongly encourages applications from the entire 
spectrum of a diverse community. 


Saint Lawrence U 

Human Resources, 23 Romoda Drive Canton N Y 13617 

Director of Munn Center for Rhetoric & Communication 14305 

http://www.stlawu.edu/ 
St. Lawrence University seeks a Director for its Munn Center for Rhetoric 
and Communication, known locally as the WORD Studio. The over-
arching responsibility of the Director is to foster students' communication 
sk il ls across the curr iculum, across their four undergraduate years, and 
across the various modes of communication. While the WORD Studio 
offers peer-tutoring services on written, oral, and visual assignments, the 


university seeks a Director whose primar y expertise is in written communication. 
The director’s responsibilities include: 


• consulting with individual faculty on writing pedagogy; 
• assisting departments and programs to meet their communication skills 
learning goals; 

• participating in university communication skills assessment; 
• periodically offering faculty development workshops; 
• promoting the WORD Studio to the campus community; 
• managing the center's budget; 
• training and supervising peer tutors; and 
• teaching three courses per year, including one section of the course designed 
to train WORD Studio mentors. 
This visiting faculty position, renewable for up to three years, requires the 
ability to collaborate successfully with students and faculty from a variety 
of disciplines, excellent organizational skills, and a strong commitment to 
communication skills pedagogy. A terminal degree in composition, rhetoric, 
or English preferred but A BDs and those with Master’s degrees & 
expertise running a writing center or program will be considered. 

Preference given to candidates with: leadership experience in a university 
communication center; experience training peer tutors; background 
in assessing communication skills; and the potential for productively using 
technolog y to advance communication skill development. 

Candidates should send a letter of application, vita, and three letters of 
reference to Kirk W. Fuoss, Chair, Search Committee, Depar tment of 
Performance and Communication Arts, St. Lawrence University, Canton, 
New York, 13617. Screening of appl ications will begin on Febr uar y 1, 
2011. 

St. Lawrence Universit y is an Af f ir mative Action/ Equal Employment 
Opportunity employer. Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


Skidmore C 

English, 815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs N Y 12866 

Visiting Assistant Professor-20th-Century Poetry 14222 

http://jobs.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52674 
The Department of English at Skidmore College invites applications for a 
one-year sabbatical replacement, to be appointed as Visiting Assistant Professor, 
and to begin September 2011. Research and teaching experience 
required in 20th-centur y poetr y. Experience teaching expositor y writing 
is also required. Additional expertise in Critical Theory is desirable. 

The teaching load is 3/3, which includes one themed expository-writing 
course each semester. 
Doctorate required at time of employment. We encourage applications 

from historically under-represented groups as wel l as individua ls who 
have experience teaching diverse student populations; women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Review of applications begins immediately. All applications will be acknowledged; 
phone interviews are likely in Januar y, though interviews at 
the MLA convention are a possibility. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


To learn more about and apply for this position, please visit Skidmore’s 

website at: jobs.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52674 
Skidmore Col lege is committed to being an inclusive campus community 
and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, does not discriminate in its 
hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, 
color, national origin, religion, age, disability, military or marital status, 
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, domestic violence victim 
status, predisposing genetic characteristics or prior arrest or conviction 
record. [R] 


Skidmore C 

English, 815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs N Y 12866 

Visiting Assistant Professor-18th-Century British Literature and Culture 
14221 

http://jobs.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52666 
The Department of English at Skidmore College invites applications for a 
one-year sabbatical replacement, to be appointed as Visiting Assistant Professor, 
and to begin September 2011. Research and teaching experience 
required in 18th-centur y British literature and culture. Experience teaching 
expository writing is also required. Additional expertise in Critical 

Theory is desirable. The teaching load is 3/3, which includes one themed 
expository-writing course each semester. 
Doctorate required at time of employment. We encourage applications 

from historically under-represented groups as well as individua ls who 
have experience teaching diverse student populations; women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Review of applications begins immediately. All applications will be acknowledged; 
phone interviews are likely in Januar y, though interviews at 
the MLA convention are a possibility. 

To learn more about and apply for this position, please visit Skidmore’s 

website at: jobs.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52666 
Skidmore Col lege is committed to being an inclusive campus community 
and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, does not discriminate in its 
hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, 
color, national origin, religion, age, disability, militar y or marital status, 
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, domestic violence victim 
status, predisposing genetic characteristics or prior arrest or conviction 
record. [R] 


Skidmore C 

English, 815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs N Y 12866 

Visiting Assistant Professor-Medieval Literature 14220 

http://jobs.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52672 
The Department of English at Skidmore College invites applications for a 
one-year sabbatical replacement, to be appointed as Visiting Assistant Professor, 
and to begin September 2011. Research and teaching experience 
required in Medieva l literature. Experience teaching expositor y wr iting 
is also required. Additional expertise in Critical Theory is desirable. 

The teaching load is 3/3, which includes one themed expository-writing 
course each semester. 
Doctorate required at time of employment. We encourage applications 

from historically under-represented groups as wel l as individua ls who 
have experience teaching diverse student populations; women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Review of applications begins immediately. All applications will be acknowledged; 
phone interviews are likely in Januar y, though interviews at 
the MLA convention are a possibility. 

To learn more about and apply for this position, please visit Skidmore’s 

website at: jobs.skidmore.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52672 
Skidmore Col lege is committed to being an inclusive campus community 
and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, does not discriminate in its 
hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, 
color, national origin, religion, age, disability, military or marital status, 

sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, domestic violence victim 
status, predisposing genetic characteristics or prior arrest or conviction 
record. [R] 


SU of New York, Binghamton U 

Comparative Literature, 3699 Vestal Parkway East PO Box 6000 
Binghamton NY 13902 

Two-Year Visiting Assistant Professor 14175 

http://https://binghamton.Interviewexchange.com 
Two-year Visiting Assistant Professor 
https://binghamton.Interviewexchange.com 
The Department of Comparative Literature at Binghamton University in


vites applications for the position of a Two-year Visiting Assistant Professor 
of Comparative Literature beginning September 2011. The successful 
candidate will contribute to the department’s focus on theoretical inquiry 
and cultural practice, foster ing effective links for interdisciplinar y cooperation 
between the fields of philosophy, literature, art, and the social 
sciences, and helping the department to maintain its leading role in the 
humanities division at Binghamton University. 


We would welcome a candidate with a proven commitment to teaching 
and mentoring in a broad-based, interdisciplinar y undergraduate program 
and with interest in supporting responsibilities and activities of our distinguished 
graduate program. Applicants must have PhD in hand by time 
of appointment. The teaching load is 2/2. Especially welcome are candidates 
with an expertise in Comparative Literature and Cultural studies (of 
any area from the Middle Ages to the Modern period), in the histor y and 
theor y of translation or in the histor y and theory of one ore more media 
form(s). 


To apply please submit the following materials: a cover letter outlining 
research interests and teaching experience, a CV, a description of an ideal 
undergraduate seminar, and a writing sample (up to 30 pages). Please attach 
material with the online application by visiting the following link: 


https://binghamton.Interviewexchange.com. Send three letters of reference 
(by providers or dossier service) to kstanley@binghamton.edu, re: 
job search. Full review of applications will begin on December 21, 2010, 
but none will be considered after January 15, 2011. Successful candidates 
will be invited to an on-campus interview beginning mid-February. 


The State University of New York is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 


SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport N Y 14420 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Non-European World Literatures 14017 

http://www.brockport.edu 
The College at Brockport invites applications for a three-year, full-time 
position to begin August 2011. Duties include teaching four courses each 
semester in literature and composition (graduate and undergraduate). This 
position requires a full-time presence on campus, including a commitment 
to ser vice. We seek candidates with expertise in Non-European 
World Literatures; time period and regional specialization are open, although 
we have particular interest in Asian literatures. Required: Ph.D. 
in English, Comparative Literature, or related field; a record of teaching 
success; a record of scholarship in non-European world literatures; evidence 
of potential for continued publication; and potential for increasing 
the diversity of the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/
mentoring or research activities. The College at Brockport is a comprehensive 
college of approximately 9,000 students located in the village 
of Brockport on the Erie Cana l, m inutes from the Cit y of Rochester. 
English is a dynamic and productive department of 20 full-time and 20 
part-time faculty with approximately 500 majors, an active creative writing 
prog ram, and an M A program. Please apply online at ww w.brock-

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



portrecruit.org. Applicants are encouraged to apply by February 15, 2011. 
SUNY College at Brockport is an EOE/AAE. [R] 


SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport N Y 14420 

Assistant Professor of Film studies 13755 

http://www.brockport.edu 
Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, coordination of Film Studiefs minor, advisement 
of minors, service to the department and college, and direction 
of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English or Film Studies; a record of 
teaching success; a record of scholarship in Film Studies; evidence of potential 
for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity 
of the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/mentoring 
or research activities. The College at Brockport is a comprehensive college 
of approximately 9,000 students located in the village of Brockport 
on the Erie Canal, minutes from the City of Rochester. English is a dynamic 
and productive department of 20 full-time and 20 part-time faculty 
with approximately 500 majors, an active creative writing program, 


and an MA program. Please apply online at www.brockportrecruit.org. 
Applicants are encouraged to apply by November 19, 2010. 
SUNY College at Brockport is an EOE/AAE [R] 


SU of New York, C at Cortland 

English, PO Box 2000 Cortland NY 13045 

Assistant Professor in New Media, Rhetoric, and Professional Writing 14134 

http://www2.cortland.edu/home/ 
SUNY Cortland seeks candidates for a full-time tenure-track Assistant 
Professor in New Media, Rhetoric, and Professional Writing, starting 
August 2011. The successful candidate will teach a 3–3 load in the undergraduate 
Professional Writing major located in the School of Arts and Sciences. 
Opportunities exist to teach undergraduate and graduate writing 
at all levels with particular emphasis on courses in new media theor y and 
practice, rhetoric, and print and online publishing, as well as science writ


ing and grant writing. The opportunity also exists to work with SUNY 
Cortland's National Writing Project site. 
More information about the Professional Writing and Cortland National 

Writing Projects is available at: http://www2.cortland.edu/departments/ 

english/professional-writing.dot and http://cortland.edu/sv wp. 
Ph. D. in rhetoric and composition, professional writing, technical communication 
or related fields by time of appointment, record of teaching 
excellence, and evidence of scholarly potential required. Publications and 
teaching experience in New Media Studies and experience with National 
Writing Project desirable. 

In addition to its undergraduate major in Professional Writing, our En-
g l ish Depa r tment of fer s bachelor’s a nd master’s deg ree prog ram s in 
English and Adolescence Education. The campus is located in the geographic 
center of New York State and is a half-hour drive from Syracuse 
and Ithaca and four hours from New York City and Philadelphia. Situated 
in the beautiful Finger Lakes region, Cortland offers an array of cultural 
and recreational opportunities, as well as affordable housing and excellent 
school systems. For consideration and application instructions, please apply 
online at: https://jobs.cortland.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52365. 
Review of applications will begin December 18, 2010, and will continue 
until the position is filled. 

SUNY Cortland is an A A/EEO/ADA Employer. We have a strong commitment 
to the affirmation of diversity and have interdisciplinary degree 
programs in the areas of Multicultural Studies. [R] 


SU of New York, C at Cortland 

English, PO Box 2000 Cortland NY 13045 

Assistant Professor of English Education 13756 

http://www2.cortland.edu/home/ 
The State University of New York (SUNY) College at Cortland invites 
applications for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor position in 
English Education. Position available Aug ust 2011. 3 –3 teaching load 
includes undergraduate and graduate courses, as wel l as super v ision of 
student teachers in NCATE certified degree programs. Required Qualifications: 
Ph. D. or Ed. D. in English Education, English, or a related 
field by time of appointment; record of teaching excellence; evidence of 
scholarly potential; high school or midd le school teaching exper ience. 
Preferred Qua lif ications: Competency in adolescent literacy, reading 
methods, language pedagogy, English language learners, or special needs 
education. In addition to bachelor's and master's degree programs in Adolescence 
Education, our English Department offers undergraduate majors 

in Professional Writing and English, as well as a master's in English Studies. 
The campus is located in the geographic center of New York State and is a 

half-hour drive from Syracuse and Ithaca and four hours from New York 
City and Philadelphia. Situated in the beautiful Finger Lakes region, Cortland 
offers an array of regional cultural and recreational opportunities, as 
well as affordable housing and excellent school systems. 

For consideration, apply online at: https://jobs.cortland.edu/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=52368 and attach a letter of application, cv, and the 
names, addresses, and phone numbers of three professional references. 
Please mail letters of recommendation to English Depar tment Search 
Committee, SUNY Cortland, Old Main, P.O. Box 2000, Cortland, NY 
13045-0900. Review of applications will begin November 8, 2010, and 
will continue until the position is filled. 

SUNY Cortland is an A A/EEO/ADA Employer. We have a strong commitment 
to the affirmation of diversity and have interdisciplinary degree 
programs in the areas of Multicultural Studies. [R] 


SU of New York, C at Oneonta 

English, Ravine Pky, 322 Netzer Admin Bldg Oneonta N Y 13820 

Assistant Professor, Classics 13840 

http://www.oneonta.edu 
The Department of English at the College at Oneonta invites applications 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor with a start 
date of fall 2011. This is a continuing position with an initial appointment 
of two years. The expectations include instruction, research, student advisement, 
college service, and continuing professional development. The 
College at Oneonta has 5,800 students and approximately 450 faculty and 
offers over 60 undergraduate majors and nine graduate majors. The English 
Department proudly boasts over 200 majors in English and nearly 
as many Education majors with an English concentration. To learn more 

about the college and department, please visit http://www.oneonta.edu 
and http://www.oneonta.edu/academics/english. 
Duties: Teach a variety of courses in ancient Greek and Roman literatures 

and mythologies, and composition. 
Qualif ications Required: Ph.D. in Eng lish, comparative literature, or 
classics (A BD considered with degree completion during 1st year of ap


pointment). Record of publications and/or presentations. Exper ience 
teaching at the college/university level. 
Prefer red: The ideal candidate will be able to teach courses in ancient 

Greek and Roman culture, and composition, and complement our existing 
world literature surveys by developing courses which move beyond 
the Wester n tradition. Candidates able to teach Latin and/or the Bible 
will receive strong consideration. We also especially welcome candidates 
with inclusive pedagogies and experience teaching students from diverse 
backgrounds. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


To Apply Go To: ht t p://oneonta .inter v iewexch a nge .com /cand apply 
.jsp?JOBID=21265. Please upload application letter, resume, statement of 
teaching experience and aspirations, as well as scanned copies of graduate 
transcripts (official at time of appointment). Hard copies of reference letters 
should be sent to Dr. Eileen Morgan-Zayachek, Search Committee 
Chair, English Department, 322 Netzer, SUNY Oneonta, Oneonta, NY 
13820. 

SU N Y Oneonta values a d iverse college com munit y. Please visit our 
website on diversity at: www.oneonta.edu/edu/navigation/diversity.asp. 
Moreover, the College is an EEO/AA/ADA employer. Women, persons 
of color, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


SU of New York, C at Oswego 

English, P301 Campus Ctr Oswego NY 13126 

Assistant Professor of Screenwriting 14233 

http://www.oswego.edu 
SUNY Oswego invites applications for a tenure track position as Assistant 
Professor of Screenwriting in the Department of English and Creative 
Wr iting. Candidates must have a record of outstanding narrative 
stor ytel ling in feature and short fi lm screenwr iting, an M.F.A. degree, 
and evidence of teaching effectiveness. We seek individuals dedicated to 
promoting students' ability to succeed in a multicultural and global community. 
Review of applications will begin on January 15, 2011. For com


plete information about the position and application procedures, visit our 
website at www.oswego.edu/vacancies. 
SUN Y Oswego is an Affirmative Action Employer 

SU of New York, C at Oswego 

English, P301 Campus Ctr Oswego NY 13126 

Assistant Professor of Cinema Production 14043 

http://www.oswego.edu/vacancies 
SUN Y Oswego invites applications for a tenure track position as Assistant 
Professor of Cinema Production in the Department of English and Creative 
Writing. We seek individuals with MFA or Ph.D and demonstrated 
teaching ability in the field of cinema production, and who can promote 
students’ ability to succeed in a multicultural and global community. Review 
of applications will begin on Januar y 15, 2011. For complete infor


mation about the position and application procedures, visit our website at 
www.oswego.edu/vacancies. 
SUNY Oswego is an Affirmative Action Employer 

SU of New York, C at Potsdam 

English & Communication, 44 Pierrepont Av Potsdam N Y 13676 

Assistant Professor 13853 

http://www.potsdam.edu 
The English and Communication Department at SUNY Potsdam is seeking 
applications for an Assistant Professor of English. This is a tenure-
track position in Renaissance (including Shakespeare) and 17th-centur y 
British Literature. Teaching responsibilities normally include upper-division 
courses in area of specialization, lower-division courses in literature 
and composition, and contributions to the graduate program. Full-time 
teaching load is 24 hours per academic year plus advising and committee 
responsibilities. Continuing program of scholarly activity is expected. 
The position offers opportunities for interdisciplinar y collaboration and a 
supportive teaching environment. Required qualifications: Ph.D. in Renaissance 
(including Shakespeare) or 17th-century British Literature in 
hand by appointment date. Proposed start date is September 1, 2011. Position 
is open until filled. Full consideration given to applications received 
by December 1, 2010. For further information and/or to apply on-line, 
please visit our website at https://employment.potsdam.edu. [R] 


SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU 

English, 101 Broad St Champlain Valley Hall, R m 103 Plattsburgh N Y 
12901 

Assistant Professor, Theatre 14239 

http://www.plattsburgh.edu 
The Theatre Department at the State University of New York College at 
Plattsburgh invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor 
position, beginning Fall 2011. The Department of Theatre is a small 
liberal arts department (3 faculty, 2 staff ) with approximately 35 majors. 


The department currently produces two mainstage and several secondary 
productions each year. 
Responsibilities include: The ideal candidate should display a range of in


terests and the ability to teach departmental courses in dramatic literature, 
directing, playwriting, and other areas such as dramaturgy, theor y, his-
tor y or production. The candidate is expected to share directing assignments 
in our co-curricular production program. In addition to teaching, 
responsibilities include scholarship and service to the department and college. 


Required Qualifications: A Ph.D. or D.F.A. in Theatre from an accredited 
institution or a Theatre MFA with substantial scholarship in dramatic 
literature and histor y or theor y. A BD with scheduled completion date 
may be considered. 


Preferred Qualifications: Previous experience in teaching and directing. 


SUNY Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer committed to excellence 
through diversity. 
Salar y: Minimum salary $44,000 plus excellent benefits. 
Review of materials will begin Januar y 31, 2011 and continue until the 


position is filled. Please apply at https://jobs.plattsburgh.edu/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=50956 and submit cover letter, resume, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference. The candidate to 
whom an offer is made will be required to verify academic credentials by 
providing official transcripts from an accredited institution prior to the 
start of employment. 


Suffolk County Comm C 

English, 533 College Rd Selden N Y 11784 

Instructor/Assistant Professor of English 13817 

http://www3.sunysuffolk.edu/index.asp 
Instructor/Assistant Professor of English to teach courses in Writing and 
Literature. In addition, successful candidates are expected to demonstrate 
current scholarship and involvement in the profession. Active participa


tion in departmental, campus and college committees as well as curriculum 
development is required. 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: A Ph.D. in Engl ish is prefer red; a 

master’s degree in English is required. Significant teaching experience at 

the college level is required. 
HIRING SALARY: The salary range is $50,655-$67,415. The exact salary 
will be determined by prior experience and placement on the salary 
scale negotiated by the Faculty Association of Suffolk County Community 
College. 

Apply online by 11/5/10 at: http://www3.sunysuffolk.edu/Administration/
HumanResources/employment.asp?id=402 

U of Rochester 

Mod Langs & Cultures, Lattimore 402, Box 270082 Rochester NY 
14627 

Director of the Frederick Douglass Institute 13982 

http://www.rochester.edu 
The University of Rochester is seeking a distinguished scholar to direct 
the Frederick Douglass Institute for African and African-American Stud


52 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



ies. The Freder ick Douglass Institute facilitates advanced research and 
intel lectual exchange through: seminars, workshops, and conferences; 
residential predoctoral and postdoctoral fellowships; expanding programs 
for visiting scholars; and graduate and undergraduate education. We seek 
a dynamic Director who will foster scholarship on the history, culture, 
politics, and economics of people of African descent, including in areas 
that cross traditional disciplinar y boundaries. The successful candidate 
will have an exemplary record of research and teaching, and will hold a 
primary appointment in the department of their field of expertise. 

Please submit all materials on-line at: https://www.rochester.edu/fort/ 
fdi/. Review of applications will begin December 1, 2010. The University 
of Rochester, an Equal Opportunity Employer, has a strong commitment 
to diversit y and actively encourages applications from candidates from 
groups underrepresented in higher education. 

US Military Acad 

English & Philos, 607 Cullum Rd West Point N Y 10996 

Professor of the Practice of Writing 14099 

http://www.usma.edu 
The United States Military Academy seeks a Professor of the Practice of 
Writing to help develop and direct a changing and growing writing program 
across the institution. The successful candidate will have a Ph.D. 
in English or a related field, a strong record of publication, an active research 
agenda, a demonstrated commitment to excellence in writing and 
writing instruction, and seven to ten years experience in writing program 
leadership and administration. Candidates should manifest strong communication, 
analytical, interpersonal, and motivational skills; a confident 
and decisive leadership style; and the ability to manage multiple projects 
concurrently. Candidates should also have extensive experience in working 
with col leagues across departments and in mentor ing and training 
both mid-career and young instructors. The successful candidate will be 
expected to ser ve as an advisor to the Vice Dean for Education on matters 
of writing program assessment and to chair the Academy-level committee 
that assesses all communication-related educational goals. Position 
involves teaching composition and/or advanced composition within the 
Department of English and Philosophy. Appointment as Professor of the 
Practice of Writing, a non-tenure-track, renewable (3-year contract) faculty 
position, occurs through confirmation by the Academic Board. Supporting 
documents should include the names of three references, CV, 
personal statement, official university transcripts, a writing sample, and 
any documents reflecting distinguished achievement in writing program 
direction, faculty training, or student outcomes and a DD214 if claiming 
Veteran's preference to: United States Militar y Academy, Department of 
English and Philosophy, ATTN: Ms. Kristina Fox, West Point, New York 
10996, telephone: (845) 938-3967. Email: Kristina.Fox@usma.edu. All 
application papers must arrive by December 20, 2010. The United States 
Military Academy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Utica C 

English, 1600 Burrstone Rd Utica NY 13502 

Visiting Assistant Professor: Creative Nonfiction 14026 

http://www.utica.edu 
Two-year visiting assistant professor starting August 2011 with the possibility 
of renewal. Applicants should have expertise in creative nonfiction. 
The 4/4 course load will consist of two sections of freshman composition, 
one section of introduction to literature ever y semester, and a multi-genre 
beginning creative writing course and a course in creative nonfiction in 
alternating semesters. We are looking for an experienced and enthusiastic 
teacher, who can contribute to the College-wide emphasis on writing 
across the curriculum, and who can reach out to students and faculty in 
professional programs. MFA or MA required; Ph.D. preferred. Interviews 


to be conducted at the AWP Conference on February 2–5, 2011 in Washington, 
D.C. 
Candidates must submit a short wr iting sample, a letter of application, 


CV, and names of three references. To ensure full consideration, please 


send information by Januar y 15, 2011 to John H. Johnsen, Ph.D., Dean, 
School of Arts and Sciences, Utica College, 1600 Burrstone Road, Utica, 
NY 13502-4892 or jjohnse@utica.edu. However, we may continue to accept 
and review applications until the position is filled. [R] 


nortH CArolinA 
East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor-English/Linguistics 13777 

English: Assistant Professor. East Carolina University. (Vacancy # 935524 
at www.jobs.ecu.edu). Tenure-track position specializing in theoretical 
linguistics to begin August 15, 2011. Candidates should have exper tise 
in theoretical linguistics and be prepared to teach in at least three of the 
following areas: morphology, phonetics, phonology, semantics, and syntax. 
Secondar y interest in at least one area of applied linguistics and/or 
sociolinguistics a plus. The selected candidate will be expected to support 
and contribute to teaching, research, and innovative curriculum development 
in graduate and undergraduate programs. Appropriate service 
to the university, community, and profession will be expected. Doctorate 
and record of scholarship required. Wil l consider other titles based 
on degree and qualif ications. Salar y commensurate. Screening begins 
11/15/10 (until filled). For complete job description, requirements, and 
application instr uctions, see https://ecu.peopleadmin.com/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=64025. 

Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action EmployerApply Here 

Guilford C 

English, 5800 W Friendly Av Greensboro NC 27410 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 13813 

http://www.guilford.edu 
Guilford College seeks a writing generalist to teach four first-year writing 
courses per year plus a creative nonfiction workshop and a contemporary 
fiction literature course in a full-time, one-year temporar y position 

as Visiting Assistant Professor of English, starting August 2011. Ph.D. is 
preferred; MFA will be considered. 
Guilford is a selective coeducational liberal arts college founded in 1837 

by the Relig ious Society of Fr iends (Quakers). Guilford College seeks 
applications from people representative of diversit y based on age, race, 
gender, sexual orientation, disabilities, ethnicity, religion, national origin, 
career and life experiences, socio-economic background, geographic 
roots, as well as members of the Society of Friends. 

Submit cover letter, current CV, statement of educational philosophy, 
writing sample, transcr ipts, and three letters of recom mendation (sent 
under separate cover) to Professor James W. Hood, Chair, English Department, 
c/o Fred Dev ine, Director of Human Resources, Guilford 
College, 5800 W. Friend ly Ave., Greensboro, NC 27410. Application 
Deadline: November 15, 2010. Applications wil l be acknowledged by 
e-mail; interviews at Guilford College. EOE/A A. 

High Point U 

English, University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262 

Assistant Professor of English 14079 

http://www.highpoint.edu 
The English Department at High Point University invites applications for 
a tenure-track faculty position in Composition, to begin Fall 2011, pending 
final budgetary approval. Requirements: PhD in Rhetoric and Composition, 
English, or related field; experience teaching first-year writing; 
experience with or coursework in writing program assessment, quantitative 
research methods, or m ixed-methods approaches; demonstrated 
potential for scholarly productivity and evidence of professional engage-

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


ment; commitment to the liberal arts mission of the university. Responsibilities: 
teach three courses per semester in composition and the English 
curriculum; develop and participate in ongoing assessments of the writing 
program; perform departmental duties which may include curriculum development 
and service on both departmental and university-wide committees; 
advise students; engage in scholarly research and publication; and 
other duties as assigned by the department chair. Candidates with interests 
in the scholarship of teaching, interdisciplinary research, or longitudinal 
studies of writing development are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Located in the Piedmont Tr iad, just south of Greensboro, NC, High 
Point University (HPU) is fast emerging as a premier liberal arts college. 
Well-funded, innovative, and learner-centered, HPU blends traditional 
educational goals with hi-tech facilities and cutting-edge programs. The 
campus has doubled in size over the last five years, and first-year student 
enrollments have grown by nearly 50 percent since 2007. Faculty receive 
excellent research and teaching support and have access to state-of-the-art 
classrooms. The new curriculum boasts 4-credit courses, first-year seminars, 
and emphases on global citizenry and civic engagement. New faculty 
will find plenty of room for curricular and pedagogical invention and 
experimentation, within both the gen-ed program and the major. 

The HPU English Department is positioned to grow substantially within 
the University. In addition to a new first-year writing curriculum, the department 
offers majors and minors in literature and writing. Its faculty are 
experimenting with new technologies (e-readers, Twitter, multi-media, 
wikis, etc.), while maintaining traditional emphases on critical thinking, 
cultural analysis, and creative writing. The new faculty member will have 
opportunities to push disciplinar y boundaries, explore new areas of inquiry, 
develop innovative courses, and mentor increasingly talented students. 


Please email a letter of application and current vita to Dr. William Carpenter, 
Director of Composition, Department of English, wcar pent@ 
highpoint.edu. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. 

High Point University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action/equal 
access employer and especially encourages applications from minorities, 
women and persons with disabilities. [R] 


Meredith C 

English, 3800 Hillsborough St Raleigh NC 27607 

Assistant Professor 14086 

http://meredith.edu 
Meredith College seeks qualified applicants to fi ll an assistant professorship 
in English. Subject to budget approval, this full-time, renewable 
position in writing wi l l begin in August 2011. Candidates must have a 
terminal degree in hand and demonstrated excellence in teaching as well 
as energy and enthusiasm for teaching composition and literature at the 
freshman/sophomore levels. Duties will include teaching freshman composition 
and upper-level writing courses; in addition, the position will entail 
supporting the Professional Writing minor, campus publications, and 
our internship program. Training and experience in professional writing 
are required; graduate training in literature is strongly preferred. Effective 

teaching and advising, scholarly activity, and service to the college are required 
for renewal and the possibility of promotion. 
Meredith College is a private comprehensive women's college of 2,200 

students offering both liberal arts and professional programs, located in 
Raleigh, North Carolina, near the Research Triangle. Applications will 
be reviewed beginning in December until the position is filled. Send letter 
of application, c.v., statements of teaching philosophy, and three letters 
of reference to Eloise Grathwoh l, Chair, Search Comm ittee, Depar tment 
of English, Meredith College, 3800 Hillsborough St., Raleigh, NC 
27607. Meredith College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The College 
is committed to diversity and encourages applications and nominations 
of all qualified individuals. 

North Carolina SU 

English, PO Box 8105 Raleigh NC 27695 

Advanced Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition 13834 

http://jobs.ncsu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=88441 
The Department of English at NC State University seeks applications for 
an advanced Assistant Professor to play an active role in the administration 
of our First-Year Writing Program. Our program serves approximately 
5000 students each year, and it was awarded a Writing Program Certificate 
of Excellence by the Conference on College Composition and Communication 
in 2009. The curriculum focuses on academic writing across 
disciplines, with an emphasis on writing technologies. We seek candidates 
with active research records who can provide leadership in the preparation 
of graduate teaching assistants and in other areas of programmatic 
development, such as faculty development, curriculum design, assessment, 
and digital literacies. Initial appointment as Associate Director of First-

Year Wr iting, 2–1 teaching load, with expectation of rotating into the 
Directorship post-tenure (1–0 load). 
The Department’s 57 tenure-track faculty members currently include 12 

faculty in rhetoric, composition, professional writing, and technical communication. 
In addition to the first-year writing program, these faculty 
teach in and administer an undergraduate major in Rhetoric, Writing, 
and Language; an upper-level professional wr iting ser v ice program; an 
M A option in rhetoric and composition; an MS in technical com munication; 
a campus-wide program supporting writing and speaking in 
upper-division courses; and an interdisciplinary PhD program in Communication, 
Rhetoric, and Digital Media. 

Qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric and Composition or related field and a 
strong record of scholarship in the field are required. Experience in program 
administration and TA training preferred, including faculty development, 
assessment, and digital literacies. Three or four years successful 
college level teaching and academic leadership preferred, but strong candidates 
with less experience may be considered. 

Appl ica nt s shou ld subm it a letter of appl icat ion, a l ist of three references, 
and a current vita online at http://jobs.ncsu.edu (reference position 
#101924). Preference will be given to applications received by November 
17, 2010. We will conduct initial inter views via web conference or 
phone. 

North Carolina State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. Women and members of other underrepresented groups 
are encouraged to apply. In addition, NC State University welcomes all 
persons without regard to sexual orientation. Individuals with disabilities 
desiring accommodations in the application process should contact Sara 
Reese, voice: (919) 515-4102; email: sara_reese@ncsu.edu; fax:(919) 5151836. 
We welcome the opportunity to work with candidates to identify 
suitable employment opportunities for spouses or partners. [R] 


U of North Carolina, Chapel Hill 

English & Comparative Literature, CB # 3520, Greenlaw Hall Chapel 
Hill NC 27599 

Lecturer-Advisor 14000 

http://englishcomplit.unc.edu/ 
The Department of English & Comparative Literature at UNC-Chapel 
Hill invites applications for a full-time Lecturer-Advisor. Responsibilities 
are divided between instructional (2/3) and advising (1/3) duties. We seek 
excellence in teaching undergraduate literature and demonstrated experience 
with advising and undergraduate curriculum. Expertise in peda


gogy, instructional technology, and undergraduate education are ideal. 
A BD; PhD preferred. 
2–2 teaching load plus advising role during fall and spring; full-time ad


vising role during summer. Salar y is competitive with benefits included. 
Please refer to our website for more information about the Department: 
http://englishcomplit.unc.edu/. 


54 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Applicants must apply online at http://jobs.unc.edu/2500631 and attach a 
cover letter, CV, and teaching portfolio (philosophy and syllabus). In addition, 
please have four letters of recommendation (preferably at least one 
focused on teaching, e.g., from a supervisor or a direct teaching observation) 
sent to: iamdan@unc.edu, or by conventional mail to: Dr. Daniel 
Anderson; Associate Chair; Department of English & Comparative Literature; 
Greenlaw Hall CB# 3520; University of North Carolina; Chapel 
Hill, NC 27599-3520. 

Review of applications will begin January 15 and continue until position 
is filled. Invited interviews will be conducted via Skype. The University 
of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is an Equal Opportunity /Affi rmative 
Action Employer. [R] 


U of North Carolina, Charlotte 

English, 9201 University Cit y Blvd Charlotte NC 28223 

Lecturer in English 14075 

http://english.uncc.edu/ 
The English Department at the Universit y of North Carolina at Charlotte 
invites applications for four non-tenure-track, 9-month, renewable, 
full-time positions, as Lecturers in English, beginning August 2011. The 


positions carr y a 4/4 teaching load and have primary responsibilities in the 
first-year writing program. 
Eligible applicants must have a minimum of a Masters degree in Rheto


ric and Composition or a related field, with experience teaching writing 
at the postsecondar y level. Qualified candidates will exhibit a commitment 
to process pedagogy; an interest in, or experience with, incorporating 
technology into teaching & learning; and an understanding of how 
differing student literacies and cultural backgrounds relate to writing and 
learning. Those who are hired will be expected to innovate and evolve 
over time as they work among a community of teachers who view writing 
pedagogy as a shared intellectual endeavor. 


For consideration, apply online at https://jobs.uncc.edu with a letter of 
application, a vita, a statement of teaching philosophy, two sample syllabi 
and names and contact information for three references. 


Candidates invited to interview will be asked to provide an official transcript, 
a teaching portfolio, and three original letters of recommendation 
addressed to: Dr. Tony Scott, Universit y of Nor th Carolina Charlotte, 
9201 University City Blvd., Charlotte, NC 28223. 


Applicants are subject to criminal background checks. 
We will begin screening applicants on December 3, 2010. Women and 
individuals from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. UNC 
Charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity of 
all individuals is respected and maintained. Therefore, we celebrate diversity 
that includes, but is not limited to ability/disability, age, culture, 


ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socioeconomic 
status. AA/EOE 
To learn more about the UNC Charlotte English Department, visit our 


web site at http://www.english.uncc.edu. 


U of North Carolina, Charlotte 

English, 9201 University Cit y Blvd Charlotte NC 28223 

Assistant Professor of English: New Media and Digital Writing 13778 

http://english.uncc.edu 
The Universit y of North Carolina at Charlotte invites applications for 
the position of assistant professor of English specializing in new media 

and digital writing, beg inning Aug ust 15, 2011. The appointment is a 
9-month tenure-track position. 
Required qualifications: Ph.D. in English with a specialization in rhet


oric, composition, technical or professional writing, or a closely related 
f ield; ev idence of strong potentia l for professiona l development as a 
scholar; evidence of potential for successful university teaching; the ability 
to contribute to diversity initiatives in our curriculum. 

The Department of English is developing a proposed Ph.D. in Writing 
and Language, and currently participates in a doctoral program in Curriculum 
and Instruction. The College of Liberal Arts & Sciences is also 
developing Ph.D. programs in Translation and Global Studies. The department, 
with 36 tenure-line faculty, more than 400 majors and 90 graduate 
students, offers Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees with area emphases 
in Rhetoric/Writing, Professional/Technical Writing, Linguistics, Literature, 
Children’s Literature, and Creative Writing. The teaching load for 
tenure-track faculty in the first six years is 2/2; in subsequent years it is set 
in relation to research productivity. 


UNC Charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity 
of all individuals is respected and maintained. Therefore, we celebrate diversity 
that includes, but is not limited to ability/disability, age, culture, 
ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socioeconom 
ic status. The department’s multicultural policy is available at: 
http://english.uncc.edu. 


For consideration, apply online at https://jobs.uncc.edu with a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, electronic transcript, 
and a writing sample of approximately 20 pages. The letter should 
address the contributions the candidate could make to: the department’s 
undergraduate and graduate programs in Rhetoric/Writing, the Literacy 
Education strand of the Ph.D. in Curriculum and Instruction, the Ph.D.in-
development in Writing and Language, as well as diversity initiatives 
in these programs’ curricula. Screening of applicants will begin November 
1, 2010, and will continue until the position is filled. Additional application 
materials, such as sample syllabi and teaching evaluations, may be 
requested of finalists. We will conduct preliminar y telephone interviews 
with follow-up interviews at the MLA convention. 


Please direct inquir ies to the chair of the search com mittee, Dr. Greg 
Wickliff – 
gawickli@uncc.edu 
Applicants are subject to criminal background checks. [R] 


U of North Carolina, Charlotte 

English, 9201 University Cit y Blvd Charlotte NC 28223 

Director for Communication Across the Curriculum Program 13892 

http://www.ucol.uncc.edu 
The University of North Carolina at Charlotte is recruiting a founding 
Director for its Communication Across the Curriculum Program (Position 
# 8979). The founding Director is expected to have the expertise 
and vision to build a program that will support departments and faculty 
in developing students’ skills with the spoken and written word. Candidates 
should have expertise in the administration of a speaking, writing, 
or communication across the curriculum program as well as a record of 
scholarly achievement in this area. Rank and field open. Screening of applications 
will begin 6 December, 2010 and will continue until the position 
is filled. Applications must be made electronically at https://jobs.uncc 
.edu and should include a cover letter, CV, and a writing sample(s) not to 
exceed 40 pages. Three letters of recommendation should be sent separately 
to Chair, CAC Director Search, University College, UNC Charlotte, 
Charlotte, NC 28223. For fu l l details on the position please visit 
www.ucol.uncc.edu/CAC _director_search EOE/AA 

Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Lecturers to teach First Year Writing in a new writing program. 14304 

http://www.wfu.edu/english 
WA K E FOR EST UNIVERSITY’S Department of English is seek ing 
Lecturers to teach First Year Writing in a new writing program. The positions 
are full-time renewable and include funds for professional development 
and the option for a long-term career path with the University. 
A BD or PHD in R hetor ic and Composition preferred, as is a commitment 
to high quality teaching and an interest in curriculum design and 
writing across the curriculum. Professional and scholarly writers in other 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


disciplines with experience teaching academ ic writing are also considered. 
Teaching load is normally 3/3, with courses in small, first-year writing 
seminars. Wake Forest University welcomes and encourages diversity 
and seeks applications and nominations from women and minorities. It 
seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the excellence 
of the University, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, 
and ways of knowing and learning. Salary is competitive. For information 
about the Department of English, go to www.wfu.edu/english. 
Located in Winston-Sa lem, NC, Wake Forest Universit y is a private, 
coeducational institution with a student-facult y ratio of 10:1. Ranking 
among the top thirty national universities, it offers a vibrant intellectual 
community with a rich cultural life, an impressive array of facilities and 
an active athletics community. For quick facts about the University, go 
to http://www.wfu.edu/visitors/quickfacts.html. For quick facts on Winston-
Salem, go to http://www.cityofws.org/Home/ DiscoverWinstonSalem/
Articles/CityInformation. AA/EOE. Send letter and vita only to 
Scott Klein, Chair, Department of English, P.O. Box 7387, Winston-Salem, 
NC 27109, postmarked no later than Februar y 28, 2011. [R] 


oHio 
Ba ldwin-Wallace C 

English, 275 Eastland Rd Berea OH 44017 

Assistant Professor of English 13961 

http://www.bw.edu 
Tenure track position to begin August, 2011. MFA/MA in Creative Writing 
+ Ph.D. in Literature or MFA/M A + Ph.D. in Creative Writing 
required by August, 2011. The department seeks a colleague to teach creative 
writing (fiction emphasis) along with some other area of specialization 
in literature. Teaching load normally 21 semester hours per academic 
year comprised of seven 3-credit hour classes, including lower-level writing 
and literature courses. Department needs may require flexibilit y in 
scheduling and t ypes of courses taught as needs change over time. Additional 
job expectations include advising, committee work or other college 
service, evidence of scholarly and professional activity (such evidence 
may include but is not limited to publication). The English Department at 
Baldwin-Wallace College seeks to attract faculty whose highest priority 
is undergraduate teaching. The College is an equal opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate because of race, creed, age, disabilities, national 
origin, gender, or sexual orientation in the administration of any policies 
or programs. We support and encourage diversity in a variety of forms, 
both within the student body and the faculty (see http://bw.edu/quickfacts/
diversity). Send letter of application, CV, letters of recommendation, 
writing sample (25 pages or less, please) and unofficial graduate transcripts 
to Michael Dolzani, Chair, Department of Eng lish, Baldwin-Wallace 
College, 275 Eastland Road, Berea, Oh 44017-2088 by Dec. 1. MLA interviews 
in Los Angeles. Official transcripts upon request only. Receipt of 
application acknowledged by departmental letter. [R] 


Belmont Tech C 

Arts & Sciences, 120 Fox-Shannon Pl St Clairsville OH 43950 

Full-Time English Faculty 14319 

http://www.btc.edu 
Belmont Technical College is accepting applications for a full-time, nine 
month faculty position in the area of English. Complete information, including 
responsibilities and requirements, can be obtained at http://www 
.btc.edu/jobs 

C of Wooster 

English, 1189 Beall Avenue 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English-British Literature 14042 

http://www.wooster.edu 
One-year visiting position, beginning fall 2011. Specialization in any field 
of British literature pre-1900. Appointment will be at the rank of assistant 
professor, but senior applicants from the Br itish Isles may be hired 
as a Gillespie Visiting Professor. The successful candidate will teach the 
department’s introductory course in textual and cultural interpretation as 
wel l as courses in her or his specialt y. The teaching load is 3 –3, which 
includes participation in the College’s Independent Study Program. Ph.D. 
required. Please send application, cv, graduate transcripts and three letters 
of reference to Thomas A. Prendergast, Chair, Depar tment of English, 

The College of Wooster, 1189 Beall Avenue, Wooster, OH 44691. Postmark 
deadline for applications: Januar y 17, 2011. 
The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and 

sciences with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate education. 
The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and minority 
candidates, and encourages individuals belonging to these groups 
to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversit y by its policy of employing 
persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national 
origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and 
expression, or pol itical affi l iation. The College of Wooster is an Equal 
Oppor tunit y/A ff ir mative Action Employer. Employment is subject to 
federal laws requiring verification of identity and legal right to work in 
the United States as required by the Immigration Refor m and Control 
Act. Drug-free workplace. [R] 


C of Wooster 

English, 1189 Beall Avenue 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English-American literature 14041 

http://www.wooster.edu 
Beginning fal l 2011. One-year position. Specializing in 20th-centur y 
American literature; secondar y expertise in film and/or ethnic studies desirable. 
The successful candidate will teach the department’s introductor y 
course in textual and cultural interpretation as well as courses in her or 
his specialty. The teaching load is 3–3, which includes participation in the 
College’s Independent Study Program. Ph.D. required. Please send application, 
cv, graduate transcripts and three letters of reference to Thomas 

A. Prendergast, Chair, Department of English, The College of Wooster, 
1189 Beall Avenue, Wooster, OH 44691. Postmark deadline for applications: 
Januar y 17, 2011. 
The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and 
sciences with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate education. 
The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and minority 
candidates, and encourages individuals belonging to these groups 
to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversit y by its policy of employing 
persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national 
origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and 
expression, or pol itical affi l iation. The College of Wooster is an Equal 
Oppor tunit y/A ff ir mative Action Employer. Employment is subject to 
federal laws requiring verification of identity and legal right to work in 
the United States as required by the Immigration Refor m and Control 
Act. Drug-free workplace. [R] 


Cleveland SU 

English, 2121 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44115 

Visiting Assistant Professor in English /Linguistics 13924 

http://www.csuohio.edu 
The English Department of Cleveland State University invites applications 
for a visiting assistant professor position in linguistics, to begin 
August 22, 2011. We seek applicants with a commitment to teacher edu


56 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



cation to teach at a comprehensive universit y in a diverse, urban community. 
Nine-month appointment, 16 credit hour per semester teaching 
load. The primar y teaching responsibility will be in the English Department, 
teaching upper-level courses in our teacher licensure program including 
Introduction to English Language, and courses such as the histor y 
of the English language and /or social dialects. In addition the successful 
candidate will have opportunities to teach in an interdisciplinary linguistics 
program in areas of his or her specialization. 

Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in Linguistics, or in English with specialization 
in linguistics, or in an appropriate related field, by July 1, 2011; 
ability to teach a range of linguistics courses in our teacher licensure program. 


Preferred qualifications: Secondar y English-related area of specialization, 
such as sociolinguistics, applied linguistics, or histor y of English language. 
Record of linguistics scholarship in area of specialization; demonstrated 
commitment to teacher preparation; and teaching experience with positive 
evaluations. 

Applicants should send a letter of application; current curriculum vitae; 
graduate transcripts; a sample of written or published scholarly work, if 
available; and at least three letters of recommendation sent under separate 
cover. Candidates with teaching experience should include a summary of 
teaching evaluations or reviews. Review begins on November 15, 2010; 
open until position is filled. We plan to interview at the MLA convention 
in Januar y, 2011, in Los Angeles. Application material should be addressed 
to David M. Larson, Chair, Department of English, RT 1815, Cleveland 
State University, 2121 Euclid Ave., Cleveland, OH 44115. Cleveland State 
Universit y is an Affi rmative-Action and Equal-Oppor tunit y Employer 
and invites members of underrepresented groups to apply. Hiring is contingent 
on maintaining existing levels of funding from the state. 

Cleveland SU 

English, 2121 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44115 

Assistant Professor in American Literature of the 20th-century; Tenure-track, 
full-time 13732 

http://hrjobs.csuohio.edu 
The English Department of Cleveland State University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in American literature of the twentiethcentur 
y at the rank of assistant professor, to begin August 22, 2011. A 
teaching load of eight credit hours per semester will include the opportunity 
to teach at both undergraduate and graduate levels, including directing 
M.A. theses. The successful candidate will be expected to teach a 
broad survey of American literature, as well as intermediate and advanced 
courses in American literature and topics courses in sub-specialties, e.g. 
20th-centur y American poetry; multi-ethnic/cultural literatures of the 
United States; gay and lesbian discourses; or disability studies. The suc


cessful candidate will be expected to carry on an active research program 
and to contribute to departmental and university service. 
Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English or A merican Studies with a 


specialization in American literature of the twentieth century by July 1, 
2011; ability to teach a broad survey of American literature; Evidence of 
research promise in twentieth-century American literature. 


Preferred qualifications: sub-specialization in one of the following fields: 
20th-centur y American poetry; multi-ethnic/cultural literatures of the 
United States; gay and lesbian discourses; or disability studies; record of 
scholarly achievement in the field of 20th-centur y American literature; 
demonstrated teaching achievement and/or potential. 


Applicants should send letter, c.v., and list of three references by December 
1, 2010 to David M. Larson, Chair, Department of English, Cleveland 
State University, 2121 Euclid Ave., Cleveland, OH 44115. Interviews will 
occur at the M.L.A. convention in Januar y, 2011, in Los Angeles. 


Hiring is contingent on maintaining existing levels of funding from the 


state. 
Cleveland State University is an AA/EOE committed to nondiscrimination. 
M/F/D/V encouraged. 


Oberlin C 

English, 10 N Professor St, R ice Hall Oberlin OH 44074 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Contemporary Literature 14243 

http://new.oberlin.edu 
Oberlin College seeks a full-time non-continuing Assistant Professor in 


Contemporary Literature for 2011–12. Ph.D. in hand or expected by Fall 
2011. 
To be assured of consideration, a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, 


graduate academ ic transcripts, and at least three recent letters of reference* 
should be sent to: William Patrick Day, Chair, Department of English, 
Oberlin College, 10 N. Professor Street, Oberlin, OH 44074 by 
Februar y 15, 2011. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 
*By providing these letters, you ag ree that we may contact your references. 


See Jobs at Oberlin: http://new.oberlin.edu [R] 


Oberlin C 

English, 10 N Professor St, R ice Hall Oberlin OH 44074 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Modern Literature 14240 

http://new.oberlin.edu 
Oberlin College seeks a full-time non-continuing Assistant Professor of 


Modern Literature, with focus on the novel; interest in poetry desirable. 
Ph.D. in hand or expected by Fall 2011. 
To be assured consideration, a letter of application, a curr iculum vitae, 


graduate academ ic transcripts, and at least three recent letters of reference* 
should be sent to: William Patrick Day, Chair, Department of English, 
Oberlin College, 10 N. Professor Street, Oberlin, OH 44074 by 
Februar y 15, 2011. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 
*By providing these letters, you ag ree that we may contact your references. 


See Jobs at Oberlin: http://new.oberlin.edu [R] 


Oberlin C 

English, 10 N Professor St, R ice Hall Oberlin OH 44074 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 14242 

http://new.oberlin.edu 
Oberlin College seeks a full-time non-continuing Assistant Professor in 

Renaissance Literature w ith specialization in Shakespeare and Renaissance 
drama for 2011–12. Ph.D. in hand or expected by Fall 2011. 
To be assured of consideration, a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, 

graduate academ ic transcripts, and at least three recent letters of reference* 
should be sent to: William Patrick Day, Chair, Department of English, 
Oberlin College, 10 N. Professor Street, Oberlin, OH 44074 by 
Februar y 15, 2011. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 
*By providing these letters, you ag ree that we may contact your references. 


See Jobs at Oberlin: http://new.oberlin.edu [R] 


Ohio Northern U 

English, 525 S Main St Ada OH 45810 

Assistant Professor of English in Composition/Rhetoric 13746 

http://www.onu.edu 
Assistant Professor of English in Composition/Rhetoric 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English in Composition and Rhetoric; 

primar y interest in composition preferred. Ph.D. required (A BD nearing 

completion considered). Position begins August 2011. 
Responsibilities include teaching first-year wr iting and upper-division 
courses according to candidate interests and departmental needs and assisting 
Coordinator of University Writing to implement and develop new 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


University-wide Writing Seminar. Teaching load 12 hours/semester or 


equivalent. Salary and benefits competitive. 
Evidence of effective college-level teaching, ongoing scholarly activit y 
and commitment to departmental and university service necessary. 


Materials must be received by November 15 for full consideration. Please 
complete all application materials online by visiting our website at www 
.onu.edu/hr/jobs. You must create an application (username/password) to 
begin this process. All required materials must be submitted electronically 
through the online employment site. EOE 


U of Cincinnati 

English & Comp Lit, PO Box 210069 Cincinnati OH 45221 

Assistant Professor, Poetry 14234 

http://URL: www.jobsatuc.com, position #210UC2061 
University of Cincinnati: Assistant Professor of Poetry Writing 
The Department of English and Comparative Literature invites applica


tions for a poet. MFA or PhD is required in creative writing/poetr y or 
a related area. Candidates must have significant publications, and at least 
one book is required. Work load expectations will include t wo courses 
per term in addition to publication and service. The appointment will be 
made at a salary commensurate with the individual’s record and includes a 
comprehensive benefits package. The University of Cincinnati has a creative 
writing poetr y track in its undergraduate major and in its masters 
program, and offers a PhD with the option of a creative dissertation. It 
supports graduate fellowships, a special collection of contemporary poetry, 
and regular visits by distinguished poets through the George Elliston 
Poetr y Fund. For full consideration, apply online with cover letter and 

c.v. by Februar y 11, 2011 to the following URL: www.jobsatuc.com, position 
#210UC2061. We will begin reviewing applications at that date. 
Cover letter should be addressed to Russel K. Durst, Head, Department of 
English. Applicants being considered will be asked to provide additional 
information and materials. Any questions can be directed to Prof. Durst 
at russel.durst@uc.edu. The University of Cincinnati is an equal opportunit 
y/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. 
In that spirit, we actively seek a broad spectrum of candidates including 
women, people of color, people with disabilities and veterans. [R] 
U of Dayton 

English, 300 College Park Dayton OH 45469 

Lecturer, Rhetoric and Composition 13898 

http://www.udayton.edu/artssciences/english/ 
Lecturer 
U of Dayton 
Dept. of English, 300 College Park, Dayton, Ohio 45469-1520 
Full-time, non-tenure track position in Professional or Technical Com


munication, with secondar y interests in Composition. Opportunit y to 
contribute to new curricula in writing studies in our growing undergraduate 
and graduate programs. Teaching load is four courses each semester 
with primar y responsibility in business and technical writing at the junior 
and senior levels, with some opportunity to teach first-year writing. Appointment 
is for one year, with possibility of renewal. 

M.A. in English or related discipline required; Ph.D. preferred. A record 
of excellence in college-level teaching is expected. Experience teaching 
students from diverse backgrounds and experience writing for industry 
are preferred. Additional qualifications of interest include writing in the 
disciplines, workplace writing technologies, new media, visual rhetoric, 
and/or ESL. To learn more about the Department, visit http://www 
.udayton.edu/artssciences/english/. 
Letter of application, CV, and statement of teaching philosophy must be 
submitted on-line at http://jobs.udayton.edu. Review of applications will 
begin Nov. 12 and continue until position is filled. 

The University of Dayton, a comprehensive Catholic University founded 
by the Society of Mar y (the Marianists) in 1850, is Ohio's largest indepen


dent university and one of the nation's ten largest Catholic universities. 
The University of Dayton is firmly committed to the principle of diversity 
and is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


U of Findlay 

English, 1000 N Main St Findlay OH 45840 

full-time, non-tenure track position in English 

http://www.findlay.edu 
The Universit y of Find lay (w ww.fi ndlay.edu) invites applications for a 
full-time, non-tenure track position in English to begin in August 2011 in 
the College of Liberal Arts. Candidates will be expected to teach a range 
of courses in composition, writing and literature, etc., via traditional, online, 
and hybrid delivery methods. In addition to teaching, responsibilities 
include defining a project in response to both department needs and 
candidate expertise/interest. A Ph.D. in a field within English Studies and 
prior college teaching experience is preferred. This position is renewable 
for up to three years and may be converted to a tenure-track position as 
the Un iversit y’s need s a l low. Cand id ates must demonst rate com m itment 
to student-centered education as well as professional development 
and scholarship. Applications should be sent to Dr. Gar y Johnson, Dean, 
College of Liberal Arts, The University of Findlay, 1000 N. Main Street, 
Findlay, OH 45840 or email to: g johnson@ f ind lay.edu. Appl icat ions 
should be identified for ENGLISH (FULLTIM E) and should include a 
cover letter, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of 
three references. Review of applications will begin December 15, 2010, 
and continue until the position is fi lled. The University of Findlay is an 
equal opportunity employer and educator. [R] 


oklAHomA 
U of Ok lahoma 

Expository Writing Program, 401 W. Brooks St., Bizzell Librar y Rm 4 
Norman OK 73019 

Lecturership of Expository Writing 

http://www.ou.edu/expo 
The Un iversit y of Ok lahoma Expositor y Wr iting Program anticipates 
hiring one or more lecturers to fill positions vacated by outgoing faculty. 
Expository Writing Lecturers teach advanced, interdisciplinary writing 
seminars, with the topic, reading, and writing assignments determined 
by the individual lecturers. Teaching load is 2/2, with enrollment capped 
at 16 students per section. Lecturers are appointed for renewable 5-year 


ter ms. Lecturer positions come with a competitive sa lar y, ful l benefits, 
funds for travel and research, and a stipend for relocation costs. 
Lecturers must have a PhD or MFA in hand by the time their appoint


ment begins. Experience teaching writing, especially first-year composition, 
is a plus, but candidates from all academic disciplines are encouraged 
to apply. 


Applications should be submitted electronically to gcusack@ou.edu by 
Februar y 28, 2011. For details on how to apply, including a list of required 
application materials, please visit our website: http://www.ou.edu/expo. 


oreGon 
Eastern Oregon U 

English, 1 University Blvd La Grande OR 97850 

Composition/Rhetoric Writing Center Director 

http://eou.edu 
Eastern Oregon Universit y invites applications for a ful l-time, nine-
month tenure-track appointment, at the Assistant Professor level as Writing 
Center Director. The appointment begins September 16, 2011. The 
successful candidate will teach a 200-level Methods of Tutoring course, 

58 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



which trains peer tutors, and a developmental composition course. The 
director hires, trains, schedules, supervises and evaluates peer tutors as facilitators 
of one-to-one writing instruction in an on-campus setting, and 
supervises the online writing lab. In addition, the Writing Center Director 
promotes the services of the Center and works with faculty across the 
curriculum though consultations and workshops. 

Eastern Oregon University is an equal opportunity employer and educator, 
committed to building a diverse and inclusive community and learning 
environment. The University is responsive to the needs of dual career 
couples. 

For best consideration applications should be received by November 22, 
2010. For further information, go to http://chinook.eou.edu/hr/ [R] 


Pacific U 

English, 2043 College Way Forest Grove OR 97116 

Assistant Professor of Nineteenth-Century British Literature 14200 

http://www.pacificu.edu/hr/employment/ 
Pacif ic Universit y invites applications for a tenure-track professor in 
Ni neteenth-Cent ur y Br itish Literat ure and Cu lt ure beg in n i ng August 
2011. Ph.D. required. Successful applicants will teach undergraduate 
courses in the Victorians and Romantics, freshman seminar, composition, 
and other courses in literature. 3/2 teaching load. Preference given to 
candidates with subspecialties such as African-American, Post-Colonial, 
Asian Pacific Rim, Holocaust, Continental literature. Candidates must 
demonstrate excellent university teaching, strong potential for scholarly 
development, and the ability to contribute to curriculum diversity initiatives. 
To be considered for MLA interview in Los Angeles, postmark 
application by December 20, 2010. A l l other applications considered 
through Februar y 1, 2011. Submit a letter of application, CV, unofficial 
transcripts, three letters of reference (under separate cover), and ten page 
scholarly writing sample, preferably published, to Dr. Pauline Beard, English 
Department Chair, Pacific University Oregon, 2043 College Way, 
Forest Grove, OR, 97116. [R] 


Portland Comm C 

English Composition, PO Box 19000 Portland OR 97280 

Instructor, English – Composition/Lite rature 14102 

http://apptrkr.com/168221 
Instructor, English – Composition/Literature (two positions) 
Portland Community College (Oregon) 
Por tland Communit y College is par t of a vibrant, urban com munit y 


and is a crossroads for people with many destinations. PCC is the largest 
institution of higher learning in the state, ser ving more than 1,373,758 
col lege-age residents in a five-count y area in NW Oregon. More than 
88,000 students attend classes at three major campuses and many learning 
centers across the Portland metropolitan area. Our unique role is to make 
high quality education accessible to ever yone, creating opportunities for 
our students and contributing to the economic development of our communit 
y. Portland Communit y College achieves educational excel lence 
by being accountable and committed to achieving diversity in its student, 
faculty and staff ranks. We invite you to consider becoming part of an exciting 
future at PCC! For more information about Portland Community 
College and Portland, please visit our homepage: www.pcc.edu. 

PCC is currently accepting applications for two full-time faculty position 
in English – Composition/Literature for academic year 2011/2012. This 
is a full time (1.0 FTE) probationar y faculty position commencing September 
2011. Hours of work may include evening or weekend teaching 
assignments. Initial assignment will be at the Sylvania Campus or Rock 
Creek campus. 

Requirements include: Master of Fine Ar ts or Master's Degree in English, 
Rhetoric and Composition or appropriate equivalent degree (e.g. 
Comparative Literature, Linguistics, American Studies, Humanities, etc.); 
AND: A minimum of thirt y (30) upper division and graduate quar ter 
credit hours in literature courses, with at least nine (9) of the hours at the 

graduate level required. Degree must be from an accredited institution. 
Deadline to apply: December 17, 2010. For complete position details and 
to apply, go to our website: http://apptrkr.com/168221 . Or call us at 971722-
5857. AA/EEO jeid-f42799c4e76c47c031fed54b69014c4d 

Por tland SU 

English, PO Box 751 Portland OR 97207 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English 

http://www.pdx.edu 
Assistant or Associate Professor, Fiction Writing, tenure-track, to begin 
Fall 2011. The successful candidate will be a core contributor to the MFA 
Creative Writing Program, teaching graduate workshops and seminars, 
as well as undergraduate fiction writing, directing MFA theses, and contributing 
to MFA administrative responsibilities. Minimum of one book 
and demonstrated ability to teach fiction writing required. Preference for 
experience teaching graduate craft and related seminars. MFA or Ph.D. in 
creative writing required at time of appointment. 2/2/2 course-load. (6 

per year). Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience 
and qualifications. Excellent benefits. 
Please send CV, cover letter, writing samples, and three letters of recom


mendation to: Chair, Fiction Search Committee, Depar tment of English, 
Portland State University, Box 751, Portland, OR 97207. Postmark 
dead line: December 10, 2010. Reviewing will beg in immediately and 
continue until finalists have been identified. Interviews at the AWP conference 
in Febr uar y 2011. See complete position description and application 
instructions at www.pdx.edu/hr. Portland State University is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


pe n n s y lvA ni A 
A llegheny C 

English, 520 N Main St Meadville PA 16335 

Tenure track creative nonfiction and literature 

http://www.allegheny.edu 
The Eng l ish Depa r tment at A l leg heny Col lege inv ites appl icants for 
a tenure track position in creative nonf iction and literature beg inning 
August 2011. We seek candidates w ith an expertise in creative nonfiction; 
secondary interests and publication in environmental writing, fiction 
or poetr y highly desirable. Ph.D. or MFA in hand by August 2011. 
The successful candidate will have significant publications in nonfiction, 
preferably one book in print, and can provide evidence of excellence in 
teaching at the undergraduate level, ongoing publication, and professional 
development. Teaching load is between 5.5 and 6 courses per year, divided 
between creative writing and literature courses and depending on 
senior project advising. All faculty are expected to participate in teaching 
college-wide first-year/sophomore seminars that emphasize writing 
and speaking. Allegheny College is a highly selective private liberal arts 
college with a dedicated faculty of teacher-scholars. Please send letter of 
application and CV before December 10 to Professor Jennifer Hellwarth, 
Chair, English Department, A l legheny Col lege, 520 N. Main Street, 
Meadville, PA 16335; requests for supporting materials such as references, 
dossier, and writing sample may follow. A llegheny College is an Equa l 
Opportunity Employer with a strong institutional com m itment to develop 
a diverse facult y and staff. Women and members of other underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Bloomsburg U 

English, Bakeless Ctr for the Humanities 400 E 2nd St Bloomsburg PA 
17815 

Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania-Five full-time temporary positions 
14329 

http://www.bloomu.edu 
The Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania English Department seeks 
qualified candidates for five temporary, full-time positions to teach composition 
for the 2011–2012 academ ic year (A A #s 20 – 0 -97, 20 – 0 -165, 
20– 0-166, 20 –0-167, and 20–0-168) at the Instructor/Assistant Professor 
Level. Required: minimum degree of MA in Rhetoric/Composition or 
terminal degree (MFA/ PhD) in English or closely related field and recent 
college composition teaching experience; graduate course work in 
Rhetoric/Composition/the Teaching of Writing strongly preferred. Send 
application letter, two letters of recommendation, unofficial transcripts, 
sample composition syllabus, and curriculum vitae to Dr. Mark Decker, 
Sea rch Com m ittee, Depar tment of Eng l ish, Bloom sbu rg Un iver sit y 
of PA, 400 East Second Street, Bloomsburg, PA, 17815-1301. Deadline 
postmarked no later than Friday, March 4, 2011. Prior to a final offer of 
employment the selected candidate will be required to submit to a back-
g round check including, but not lim ited to, employment ver if ication, 
educational and other credential verification, and criminal background 
check. Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania is an A A/EEO employer. 
For complete position description visit www/bloomu.edu/jobs 

East Stroudsburg U 

English, 200 Prospect St, Stroud Hall East Stroudsburg PA 18301 

Assistant Professor English, Professional and Technical Writing 
#2010000469 14249 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/bwdvb6s 
East Stroudsburg University invites applications for a full-time, tenure-
track Assistant Professor beginning August 2011. The English Department 
offers four tracks; literature, writing, professional and new media 
writing, and secondar y education. As part of Pennsylvania’s State System 

of Higher Education (PASSHE), we offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive 
benefits package. 
Responsibilities: Teaching a range of writing classes including upper divi


sion professional writing offerings. Experience in teaching writing for the 
web, technical and workplace writing, and composition/advanced composition. 
Teaching may include other English courses, distance learning, 
and/or off campus teaching. The person hired will play a central role in 
helping the department to develop a new M.A. degree proposal in professional 
and new media writing. 

Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or related field in hand at the 
time of appointment. Candidates currently enrolled in a doctoral program 
are encouraged to apply, but they should make clear their progress toward 
completion. Abilit y to teach the practices and theories of professional 
and new media writing (e.g., applied writing classes such as technical and 
business writing and/or classes such as visual rhetoric, usability testing, 
media ethics, theories of and issues in digital writing). Potential for scholarly 
growth. 

Prefer red Qua l i f icat ion s: Rel ated profession a l ex per ience, especia l ly 
in technical writing; ability to play a central role in the development of 
our professional and new media writing track, including development of 
a new Master’s program; experience with software applications and languages 
relevant to today’s professional and new media writer (e.g., Adobe 
Creative Suite, Wordpress, basic HTM L and CSS, etc.). Exper ience in 
ser vice lear ning endeavors and histor y of public ser vice and/or volunteerism. 


We welcome applications from candidates who br ing diverse cultural, 
ethnic and nationa l perspectives to their creative work and teaching, 
and the University encourages applications from members of historically 
under-represented groups, including women, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities, and is an AA/EEO employer. East Stroudsburg University is 

interested in hiring employees who have extensive experience with diverse 
populations. To learn more about diversity at ESU and in our community, 
visit our website at www.esu.edu/diversit y. 

To Apply: Full consideration wi l l be g iven to applications received by 
Februar y 7, 2011. 

Apply at: www.esucareers.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=52101. 
Applicants are to attach a cover letter, candidate's vitae, unofficial transcr 
ipts, and three letters of recom mendation. Additional materials may 
be requested as par t of finalist inter views and/or campus visits. Failure 
to submit all the required materials may lead to the candidate not being 
considered. A ll candidates must provide proof of elig ibilit y to work in 
the United States. Offers of employment are contingent upon successful 
completion of a background check. 

For confidential reference letters submissions and transcripts through an 
agency, institution and/or an individual, please mail directly to dwielebinski@
esu.edu or to the Faculty Search and Recruitment Coordinator at 
East Stroudsburg University, 200 Prospect St. G-1, East Stroudsburg, PA 
18301. You may make a notation in the text box for the requested documents 
that they will be forwarded to the Faculty Search & Recruitment 
Office directly. Please be advised that your application is not complete 
until you have received an electronic confirmation. 

Apply Here: http://www.Click2Apply.net/bwdvb6s 

East Stroudsburg U 

English, 200 Prospect St, Stroud Hall East Stroudsburg PA 18301 

Instructor of English 14174 

http://www.Click2Apply.net/u97s3h9 
Instructor of English – English Education Specialist #2010000470 
The Department of Engl ish of East Stroudsburg Universit y invites ap


plicants for a full-time (12.00 credits) temporar y instr uctor for the Fall 
2011 and Spring 2012 semesters. Responsibilities include teaching English 
courses including English Education methodology courses and supervising 
student teachers. Additional English courses may include Composition, 
100 and 200 level literature courses. The successful candidate is also 
expected to provide service to the department, university, and community 
and represent the English Department at the College of Education 
meetings. Teaching may include distance learning and/or of f campus 
teaching. 

Required Qualifications: A Master’s degree in English, English Education, 
or relevant area. Previous experience in teaching at the m iddle 
school, high school, and/or college level. 

Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or related field. ABD candidates 
are encouraged to apply. Candidates currently enrolled in a doctoral 
program are encouraged to apply, but should make clear what progress 
they have made toward completion. The following previous teaching experience 
is preferred; English/Language Arts in the middle school or high 
school level, training in the teaching of writing, English education programs 
and working with student teachers and with diverse student populations 
. 

We welcome applications from candidates who br ing diverse cultural, 
ethnic and national perspectives to their creative work and teaching and 
the University encourage applications from members of historically under-
represented groups, including women, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities, and is an AA/EEO employer. East Stroudsburg University is 
interested in hiring employees who have extensive experience with diverse 
populations. To learn more about diversity at ESU and in our community, 
visit our website at www.esu.edu/diversit y. 

To Apply: Full consideration will be given to applications received by 
January 31, 2011, but will remain open until filled. Apply at: www.esucareers.
com/applicants/Central?quickFind=52102 <http://www.esucareers 
.com/applicants/Central?quickFind=52102> . Applicants are to attach 
a cover letter, candidate's vitae, unofficial transcripts and three letters of 
recommendation. Failure to submit all the required materials may lead to 
the candidate not being considered. All candidates must provide proof of 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



eligibility to work in the United States. Offers of employment are contin


gent upon successful completion of a background check. 
For confidential reference letters submissions and transcripts through an 
agency, institution and/or an individual please mail directly to dwielebinski@
esu.edu or to the Faculty Search and Recruitment Coordinator 
at East Stroudsburg University, PO Box 447, East Stroudsburg, PA 18301. 
You may make a notation in the text box for the requested documents 
that they will be forwarded to the Faculty Search & Recruitment Office 
directly. Please be advised that your application is not complete until you 
have received an electronic confirmation. 

Apply here: http://www.Click2Apply.net/u97s3h9 

Franklin & Marshall C 

English, PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 14309 

http://fandm.edu 
The Department of English at Franklin & Marshall College invites applications 
for a one-year position at the Assistant Professor level, beginning 
Fall 2011. We are looking for a Creative Wr iter who can teach a 
multi-genre introduction to creative writing as well as upper-level workshops 
in a single genre—poetr y, fiction, or non-fiction. A commitment 
to undergraduate teaching, significant publications, and a terminal degree 
in creative writing required. Publications in a secondary genre are desirable. 
The 3/2 teaching load will include creative writing and literature 
offerings but no composition. Please submit a letter of application, cur-
r iculum vitae, g raduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, a 
writing sample, and, if possible, teaching evaluations to: Patrick S. Bernard, 
Chair, English Department, Franklin & Marshall College, P.O. Box 


3003, Lancaster, PA 17604-3003. Application deadline: March 4, 2011. 
We will not accept materials submitted electronically. 
F&M is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a demonstrated 


commitment to cultural pluralism. EOE. 


Franklin & Marshall C 

English, PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Assistant Professor of English Renaissance 14307 

http://fandm.edu 
The Department of English at Franklin & Marshall College invites applications 
for a one-year position at the Assistant Professor level, beginning 
Fall 2011. We are looking for an English Renaissance specialist. We 
welcome secondar y teaching interests in any other literatures written in 
English. A commitment to undergraduate teaching, evidence of scholarly 
activit y, and a PhD required. Teaching load is 3/2 and will include no 
composition. Please submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate 
transcripts, three letters of recommendation, and a writing sample 
(15 pages maximum), and, if possible, teaching evaluations to: Patrick S. 
Bernard, Chair, English Department, Franklin & Marshall College, P.O. 


Box 3003, Lancaster, PA 17604 -3003. Application deadline: March 4, 
2011. We will not accept materials submitted electronically. 
F&M is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a demonstrated 


commitment to cultural pluralism. EOE. 


Franklin & Marshall C 

English, PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century British literature 14306 

http://fandm.edu 
The Department of English at Franklin & Marshall College invites applications 
for a one-year position at the Assistant Professor level, beginning 
Fall 2011. We are looking for an Eighteenth-Centur y British literature 
specialist. We welcome secondary teaching interests in any other literatures 
written in English. A commitment to undergraduate teaching, evidence 
of scholarly activity, and a Ph.D. required. Teaching load is 3/2 and 

will include no composition. Please submit a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, graduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, a writing 
sample (15 pages maximum), and, if possible, teaching evaluations to: 
Patrick S. Bernard, Chair, Department of English, Franklin & Marshall 
College, P.O. Box 3003, Lancaster, PA 17604-3003. Application deadline: 
March 4, 2011. We will not accept materials submitted electronically. 

F&M is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a demonstrated 
commitment to cultural pluralism. EOE. 

Indiana U of Pennsylvania 

English, 421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705 

Assistant Professor 19th Century British Literature 13930 

http://www.iup.edu/employment 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania invites applications for a tenure-track 
position at the assistant professor rank to begin Fall, 2011. We seek a specialist 
in 19th Centur y British Literature to teach in the undergraduate 
major and the Graduate Program in Literature and Criticism (M.A. and 
Ph.D). The ideal candidate will have a broad knowledge of the field and 
will be able to contribute to the graduate program through the teaching 
of theory, criticism, and pedagogy. Applicants must also be prepared to 
teach undergraduate writing and introductory literature courses, to advise 

majors, and to participate in departmental governance. Expertise in 18th 
century and/or across genres is desirable. 
The regular doctoral program in Literature and Criticism is augmented 

by an intensive summers-on ly prog ram which enrol ls current col lege 
teachers; the prog ram takes pr ide in the integ ration of theor y, applied 
pedagogy, and supportive mentoring. To qualify for graduate teaching, 
candidates must demonstrate excellence in teaching and scholarship, including 
relevant publication and professional activity. 

Ph.D. must be in hand at the time of employment. In addition to expertise 
and scholarship in the specified field, all candidates must have documented 
training and experience in teaching literature and experience in 
teaching composition, proven excellence in teaching, and a demonstrated 
com mitment to ser vice. Candidates must communicate effectively and 
perform well during the inter view process, which may include a teaching 
demonstration. All applicants must be work eligible. 

Please indicate that you are applying for the English faculty position in 
British Literature. Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, original 
transcripts, three current letters of recommendation, writing sample, and 
a one-page statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. Linda Norr is, Recruitment 
Chair, Department of English, 110 Leonard Hall, Indiana University 
of Pennsylvania, Indiana, PA 15705. 

Please see announcement at www.english.iup.edu. Our review of completed 
applications will begin on November 30, 2010, and will continue 
until the position is fi l led. We anticipate screening cand idates at MLA 
and by telephone and will be inviting candidates for campus visits in the 
spring. 

Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. IUP is 
an equal opportunity employer M/F/H/V. Indiana University of Pennsylvania 
is a member of the State System of Higher Education. For more 
information about IUP, visit our website at www.iup.edu. 

Penn State U, Erie, Behrend C 

Humanities & Social Sciences, 4951 College Drive Erie PA 16563 

Assistant Professor of English (Global Lit) 13973 

http://www.behrend.psu.edu 
Assistant Professor of English (Global Lit) 
Penn State Erie, The Behrend College 
The English program at Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, invites 

applications for a tenure-track position in (1) Global Anglophone Literature, 
especially of the Pacific Rim, Africa, India, East Asia, the Americas, 
and/or the Caribbean, with (2) a sub-specialty in Film Studies, beginning 
August 2011. Responsibilities include teaching surveys of global litera-

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


ture, film, composition, and courses in the candidate’s specialty as needed. 
Ph.D., college teaching experience, and record of refereed publications 
expected. 


The position requires excellence in teaching and scholarship, as well as 


involvement in college and departmental service. 
Penn State Behrend is a comprehensive four-year and residential college 
of Penn State in Erie, PA. The college prides itself on the balance it 
achieves between teaching and research. Located on a beautiful, wooded 
hilltop campus, Penn State Behrend of fers its 4700 undergraduate and 
graduate students an inspiring and technologically-advanced environment 
characterized by close student/faculty interaction. For more information 
about the college and major, please visit our Web site (www.behrend.psu 
.edu). 


Please send letter of application, cur r iculum vitae, unof f icia l graduate 
transcripts, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of recommendation 
to HSSjobs@psu.edu. 


If unable to send electronically, applications may be mailed to: 
Chair, Global Lit Search Committee 
School of Humanities and Social Sciences 
Box M, Penn State Erie, The Behrend College 
4951 College Drive 
Erie, PA 16563-1501 
Review of applications will begin December 6, 2010 and continue until 


the position is filled. 
Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the 
diversity of its workforce. [R] 


Saint Joseph's U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of English, Fiction Writing 13872 

http://www.sju.edu/cas/english 
Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, the Department of English at 
Saint Joseph’s University is currently recruiting a tenure-track position in 
Fiction Writing. Secondary expertise in screen writing or communications 
is desirable. The departmental load is 3/3. Teaching responsibilities 
will include the core courses in the graduate Writing Studies Program, 
courses in fiction writing at both undergraduate and graduate levels, introductor 
y wr iting workshops, and introductor y composition and literature 
courses. English programs are offered on both day and evening 
schedules. All English faculty members advise majors. For further infor


mation about the department, please visit our website at www.sju.edu/ 
cas/english. 
Applicants should have dedication to teaching and demonstrated potential 


for scholarly activity. Ph.D. in English or Creative Writing or M.F.A. in 
English with a published or forthcoming book required. Ph.D. or M.F.A. 
in hand by August 2011. 


In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply on-
l ine. Please log on to the Saint Joseph's Universit y Human Resource 
website using the following link http://www.sju.edu/hr; click on Employment 
and follow the instructions. Applications are to include (1) a 
curriculum vitae, including the names of 3 references with complete contact 
information (e.g., address, phone, and email) and (2) a letter outlining 
academic achievements (including dissertation or M.F.A.), research plans, 
and teaching philosophy. Please do not send hard copies of documents. 
Dossiers and writing samples will be requested after initial screening. All 
materials must be submitted by Dec. 1, 2010. We w il l be inter viewing 
at the AW P Conference, held Febr uar y 2–5 in Washington, D.C. The 
search chair is Dr. April Lindner, Department of English (alindner@sju 
.edu). 


Saint Joseph's University is a private, Catholic, Jesuit institution and expects 
members of its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. Saint Joseph's University 
is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer that seeks to 
recruit, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. 


AA/EOE M/F/D/V [R] 


West Chester U 

Langs & Cultures, 109 Main Hall 109 Main Hall West Chester PA 
19383 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 

School: College of Arts and Sciences 
Description: Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is ref 
lected in its diversit y and student success. West Chester Universit y is 

seeking applicants for an Assistant Professor of TESOL. Highly competitive 
salar y and benefits. 
Assistant Professor of TESOL, beginning late August 2011. Tenure-track 

position. Required qualifications: Ph.D./Ed.D. in TESOL or in one of 
the fol lowing related areas w ith a clear TESOL emphasis in research 
and/or coursework: second language education, English education, or 
a closely-tied field in linguistics (e.g., second lang uage acquisition and 
teaching) in hand by August 15, 2011. 

Open research specialization with required exper ience or solid preparation 
in teaching [or teacher training for] TESOL PK-12 in the public 
schools, as well as TESOL courses at the graduate level. Instr uctional 
load will include “Teaching English Language Learners PK-12,” a course 
designed to meet the needs of certification candidates across disciplines, 
content areas and grade levels. Evidence of excellence in teaching and creative/
innovative pedagogies and strong research or research potential. 

Additional qualifications in second language assessment, sheltered instruction, 
teaching undergraduate linguistics, composition and rhetoric and/or 
general education writing, EFL, or second language courses highly desirable. 


Depending upon qualifications, the successful candidate will assume this 
position in either the Department of English or the Department of Languages 
& Cultures, which col laborate in the adm inistration of TESOL 
programs at WCU. 

Candidates must subm it materials postmarked by November 13 to be 
considered in the initial screening of applicants. Screening will continue 
until the position is filled. Finalists must successfully complete an on-site 
interview and teaching demonstration. Please send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to: 

Dr. Charles Grove 
Director, TESOL Programs 
Department of Languages & Cultures 
107 Main Hall 
West Chester, PA 19383 
Developing and sustaining a diverse facult y and staff advances WCU’s 

educational mission and strategic Plan for Excellence. West Chester University 
is an Affirmative Action – Equal Opportunity Employer. Women 
and Minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The filling of this position is contingent upon available funding. All offers 
of employment are subject to and contingent upon satisfactor y completion 
of all pre-employment criminal background and consumer reporting 
checks. 

rHode islAnd 
Brown U 

Watson Institute, 111 Thayer St Box 1970 Providence RI 02912 

Associate/Full Professor-Contemporary China 

http://www.watsoninstitute.org 
Contemporar y China, two positions. Brown Universit y is launching a 
major new initiative in the study of China. We are soliciting applications 
from scholars of contemporar y China for two tenured positions, each at 
the associate-or full professor rank. One of the new positions wil l be a 

62 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



joint appointment in a social science department with the Watson Institute 
for International Studies; the other will be an appointment in any 
department, with a preference for the social sciences. 

Applicants should submit a letter expressing interest and a curriculum 
vitae. They also should suggest the names of at least f ive scholars who 
can provide references. Applications must be received by December 15, 
2010, to be guaranteed full consideration, but will be accepted until the 
position is filled. All applications must be submitted online. For further 
information and a link to the application form see: http://www.watsoninstitute.
org. Brown University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


R hode Island C 

English, 600 Mt Pleasant Av Providence R I 02908 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 13910 

http://www.ric.edu 
Assistant professor, Creative Wr iting/Fiction. Anticipated vacancy at 
Rhode Island Col lege beginning fall 2011, pending funding approval, 
full-time, tenure track position. Requirements include Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in creative writing/fiction. Preferred: college teaching 
experience; subfield in literary nonfiction and/or young adult creative 
writing; experience supervising the production of an undergraduate lit


erary journal; and/or willingness eventually to play a significant role in 
program promotion and administration. 
The successful candidate will teach the department’s offerings in creative 

wr iting/fiction, our 200-level introduction to creative writing course, 
and general education courses. An ongoing com m itment to publishing 
fiction, to student advising, and to departmental and college service is expected. 
Application deadline: January 7, 2011. IMPORTANT: for full job 
description, including additional responsibilities and requirements for the 
position and application procedures, see our web site at https://employment.
r ic.edu. Candidates must apply on-line, using Rhode Island College’s 
PeopleAdmin Applicant Tracking system. [R] 


R hode Island C 

English, 600 Mt Pleasant Av Providence R I 02908 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 13909 

http://www.ric.edu 
Assistant professor, American literature. Anticipated vacancy at Rhode Island 
College beginning fall 2011, pending funding approval. Full-time, 
tenure track position in American literature of the 19th or 20th centur y. 
Requirements include Ph.D. in English with specialization in American 
literature of the 19th or 20th century. Preferred: college teaching experience; 
subfield in literary theor y or film. The successful candidate will 
teach the department’s offer ings in Amer ican literature of the 19th or 
20th centur y, 200-level introduction to the major courses, and general 
education courses. An ongoing commitment to scholarly work, to student 
advising, and to departmental and college service is expected. Application 
deadline: January 7, 2011. IMPORTANT: for full job description, 
including additional responsibilities and requirements for the position and 
application procedures, see our web site at https://employment.r ic.edu . 
Candidates must apply on-line, using Rhode Island College’s PeopleAdmin 
Applicant Tracking system. [R] 


Roger Williams U 

Human resources, 1 Old Ferr y Rd Bristol R I 02809 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English Literature 13828 

http://rwu.interviewexchange.com/jobofferdetails.jsp?JOBID=21454 
The Department of English Literature invites applications from individuals 
with a specialty in global literatures, a desire to assist the Department 
in sustaining and creating courses specifically in African, Asian, Canadian, 
Caribbean, Latin American, and South Pacific literatures, and teach 

other English Literature courses as appropriate, who can demonstrate a 
strong commitment to undergraduate education and a willingness to 
teach in the University’s General Education/Core Curriculum Program. 
A demonstrable interest in eco-literatures and/or sustainability is also desirable. 


Minimum qualifications include a Ph.D. in English Literature or Comparative 
Literature by August, 2011, with a specialt y in global literatures, 
evidence of successful teaching exper ience, along with a record 
of scholarly activity in global literatures, and background in teaching in 
Core Curriculum/General Education or interdisciplinar y programs. Any 
questions not related to the application process can be routed to Deborah 
Robinson-drobinson@rwu.edu. 

U of Rhode Island 

C of Arts & Sciences, Deans Office Chafee Hall K ingston RI 02881 

Professor and Director of the Harrington School of Communication and 
Media 14262 

http://jobs.uri.edu 
The University of Rhode Island (www.uri.edu) is the state’s largest universit 
y, with an enrol lment of about 13,000 undergraduates and 3,000 
graduate students on four campuses. With nationally and internationally 
renowned faculty engaged in a broad range of research, teaching and outreach 
activities, URI is a land grant, sea grant and urban grant institution. 
The University’s 1,200 acre main campus is located in Kingston, about 30 
miles south of Providence and six miles from the coast. Other campuses 
are the 165 acre Nar ragansett Bay Campus, the Feinstein Providence 

Campus in the cit y of Providence, and the 2,300 acre W. A lton Jones 
Campus in West Greenwich, RI. 
The University seeks an innovative leader with the rank of Professor (or 

Associate Professor) to serve as the founding Director of the Harrington 
School of Communication and Media. Continuing to build on U RI’s 
strong record of teaching, research, and outreach, the successful candidate 
will lead the development of the Harrington School of Communication 
and Media, established thanks to a $5M gift by Richard and Jean Harrington. 
Reporting directly to the Dean of Arts and Sciences, the Director 
will work with faculty to create the vision and mission for the School; 
bring together the programs in Com munication Studies, Film Media, 
Journalism, Library and Information Studies, Public Relations and Writing 
and Rhetoric; and establish and launch innovative interdisciplinary 
programs of teaching and research to build a School of national distinction. 
The Harrington School includes over 30 tenure track faculty members, 
other instructional personnel, over 1,200 undergraduate majors, and 
274 full and part-time graduate students. 

Qualifications for the position include: An earned doctorate and/or terminal 
degree with a demonstrated strong record in higher education, including 
teaching, research, service and/or administration appropriate for 
appointment as a tenured full or associate professor in an academic program 
in the Harrington School; demonstrated ability to work well with 
a diverse community of students and faculty; demonstrated appreciation 
and understanding of com munication and media technolog y and the 
global marketplace; evidence of dynamic leadership; administrative, management 
and/or supervisor y experience; experience in program building 
and/or global initiatives; skills in support of grant writing and fundraising; 
demonstrated ability to manage corporate and community outreach; 
and excellent communication skills, both written and oral. 

Visit our website at https://jobs.uri.edu and view Job Posting #6000316 
for a complete job description and to apply on-line. An application will 
require the following attachments: a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and 
the names and contact information for five references. Review of candidates 
wil l beg in Febr uar y 16, 2011 and continue until the position is 
filled. 

Nominations and questions should be directed to: Dr. Winifred Brownell, 
Dean of Ar ts and Sciences ( Phone: 401-874 -4101; Fa x: 401-874-2892; 
Email: Winnie@uri.edu). 

URI is an AA/EEOD employer and values diversity. URI is an E-Verify 
Employer 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


soutH CAroli nA soutH CAroli nA 
Charleston Southern U 

English, PO Box 118087 Charleston SC 29423 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance/Early Modern literature 14205 

http://www.csuniv.edu/HR/jobs_faculty.asp 
Charleston Southern University invites applications for an Assistant Professor 
of English. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in English with evidence 
of excellence in teaching and potential for scholarly activity; we are seeking 
an English Renaissance/ Early Modern specialist w ith an abilit y to 
teach as a generalist in other British literature and composition courses. 
Charleston Southern seeks candidates for faculty positions who are professing 
Christians and who support the goals of a strong liberal arts education 
and are willing to explore with students the integration of faith and 
learning. Candidates must complete the online application (http://www 
.csuniv.edu/HR/jobs_faculty.asp) and should also e-mail a letter of interest 
addressing qualifications and compatibility with the University’s mission 
to Dr. Scott Yarbrough, Chair, Department of English (syarbrou@ 

csuniv.edu). Review of credentials will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. 
Charleston Southern University (www.csuniv.edu) is an independent uni


versity, affi liated with the South Carolina Baptist Convention, with over 
3,200 students and offering over 30 undergraduate majors. Charleston 
Southern University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national 
or ethnic origin, disability or sex. [R] 


Coastal Carolina U 

World Langs, PO Box 261954 Conway SC 29528 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English Education (Tenure-Track) 14067 

http://www.coastal.edu 
The Spadoni College of Education at Coastal Carolina University announces 
a full time (9 month) tenure-track position in English Education. 
The successful candidate will become part of a dynamic faculty who 
teach, conduct research, and provide curriculum development within The 
Master of Arts in Teaching and Middle Level Education programs. The 


position starts August, 2011. ABD candidates may apply; however degree 
must be completed by start date. 
Required Qualifications: 


• an earned doctorate in English Education or in secondar y/middle level 
curriculum and instruction with a specialization in English Education. 

• at least three years of successful experience as a teacher in a public school 
system 

• evidence of a strong potential for excellence in graduate and undergraduate 
level teaching and scholarly productivity 
• sensitivit y to issues of diversity and difference that face educators in rural 
and urban school settings and the specific ability to respond effectively to 
cultural, linguistic, gender and ethnic diversity 

• excellent written and oral communication skills; exceptional collaborative 
skills; and use of technology for synchronous and asynchronous instruction. 
Preferred Qualifications: 

• experience with the National Writing Project 
• teaching reading in the content areas for middle and secondar y education 
Responsibilities: 

• teaching and advising in the Master of Arts in Teaching and M iddle 
Level Education. programs and maintaining a scholarly research agenda 

• supervising interns and the use of a hybrid approach of face to face and 
online courses. 

• co-teaching, teaching off campus, and incorporating distance learning 
options are additional expectations 

• establish working relationships with practitioners, schools, and policy-
makers and share responsibility in collecting data and writing accreditation 
reports 

• participating in programmatic and instructional decisions within the 
program areas 

• teaching graduate courses in the M.Ed. in Learning and Teaching/Literacy 
degree program 
• knowledge of Specialized Professional Association (SPA) standards (National 
Council for Teachers of English) 
• knowledge of accountability requirements for the National Council for 
the Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE) 
Candidates should submit a letter of application (outlining interest in the 
position, qualifications, and approach to teaching), a current CV, a list of 
five references, and transcripts of all graduate work (copies are acceptable 


at this time) electronically at: http://jobs.coastal.edu. Official transcripts 
of all college work will be required if invited for an on-campus interview. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the po


sition is filled. 
Coastal Carolina University is building a culturally diverse faculty and 
strongly encourages applications from women and minority candidates. 
CCU is an EO/A A employer. 


Coker C 

Communication, Lang & Lit, 300 E College Av Hartsville SC 29550 

Assistant Professor in En glish Education 14069 

http://www.coker.edu 
Assistant Professor in English Education 
Coker College is currently seeking a ful l-time, tenure-track Assistant 

Professor in English Education. This person will repor t directly to the 
Depar tment Chair of Communication, Language, and Literature. Responsibilities 
include teaching courses in Children’s Literature, Adolescent 
Literature and English Methods as well as advising English majors 
concentrating in Education and supervising student teachers. The ideal 
candidate will have a firm grounding in literature and composition as well 
as pedagog y because the 4/4 teaching load will include composition and 
sophomore survey courses. 

The preferred candidate will hold a Ph.D. in an appropriate field, but a 
candidate with an Ed. D. w il l be considered. We welcome candidates 
who have a record of successf u l teach i ng in Eng l ish la ng uage a r t s at 
the middle and/or high school level or with teaching certification. The 
preferred candidate will demonstrate a comm itment to underg raduate 
teaching in day, evening, and online programs, professional development, 
and a wil lingness to engage in facu lt y duties outside the classroom. 


Compensation includes a salar y com mensurate w ith education and ex-
per ience and an excellent benef its package with health insurance, retirement, 
and life insurance. The position wil l begin in August 2011. 
Interested candidates should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
three recent letters of recommendation, short statement of teaching philosophy, 
and transcripts to: 

Dr. David McCracken, Search Committee Chair 
Department of Communication, Language, and Literature 
Coker College 
300 East College Ave. 
Hartsville, SC 29550 
dmccracken@coker.edu 
Coker College – www.coker.edu www.cokercobras.com 
Become a Friend – http://www.facebook.com/cokercollege 
Founded in 1908, Coker College is an independent, comprehensive col


lege with a liberal arts core required of all students. With an enrollment of 
approximately 1150 full-and part-time students, Coker provides quality 
educational experiences in and out of the classroom that prepare graduates 
for professional and personal success. A close rapport between students, 

64 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



faculty and staff and the opportunity for students to customize their education 
are the foundations of the Coker College experience. U.S. News & 
World Report consistently ranks Coker one of “America’s Best Colleges.” 
The Princeton Review rates Coker a Best Southeastern College based on 
academic reputation and student satisfaction. 

Coker College, in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws, 
including Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of 
the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation 
Act of 1973, and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, does not 
discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, 
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, marital 
status, veterans or militar y status, or against individuals with disabilities, 
or other legally protected classifications in the areas of employment, ad-
m ission, f inancial aid or access to educational or extracurr icular programs, 
activities or facilities. 

Coker C 

Communication, Lang & Lit, 300 E College Av Hartsville SC 29550 

Assistant Professor in British Literature 13754 

http://www.coker.edu 
Coker College is currently seeking a ful l-time, tenure-track Assistant 
Professor in British Literature. This person will report directly to the Department 
Chair of Communication, Language, and Literature. Responsibilities 
include teaching courses in Augustan, Romantic, and Victorian 

literature. The 4/4 teaching load will include composition and sophomore 
survey courses. 
This position requires a Ph.D. in an appropriate field. Experience in En


glish Education, Children’s Literature, or Adolescent Literature is a plus. 
The preferred candidate will demonstrate a commitment to undergraduate 
teaching in day and evening programs, professional development, and 
a willingness to engage in faculty duties outside the classroom. 

Compensation includes a salar y com mensurate w ith education and experience 
and an excellent benefits package with health insurance, retirement, 
and life insurance. The position will be available Januar y 2011. 
Interested candidates should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
three recent letters of recommendation, short statement of teaching philosophy, 
and transcripts to: 

Dr. Rhonda Knight, Chair 
Department of Communication, Language, and Literature 
Coker College 
300 East College Ave. 
Hartsville, SC 29550 
rknight@coker.edu 
Coker College – www.coker.edu www.cokercobras.com 
Become a Friend – http://www.facebook.com/cokercollege 
Founded in 1908, Coker College is an independent, comprehensive col


lege with a liberal arts core required of all students. With an enrollment of 
approximately 1150 full-and part-time students, Coker provides quality 
educational experiences in and out of the classroom that prepare graduates 
for professional and personal success. A close rapport between students, 
faculty and staff and the opportunity for students to customize their education 
are the foundations of the Coker College experience. U.S. News & 
World Report consistently ranks Coker one of “America’s Best Colleges.” 
The Princeton Review rates Coker a Best Southeastern College based on 
academic reputation and student satisfaction. 

Coker College does not discriminate in its educational programs, activities 
or employment on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin, 
religion, sex, disability or age. [R] 


Francis Marion U 

English, Mod Lang, & Philos, PO Box 100547 Florence SC 29502 

Wr iting Specialist 13810 

http://www.fmarion.edu 
Francis Marion Universit y seeks a wr iting specialist with an interest in 
writing for teachers, creative non-fiction, and business writing. A Ph.D. 
and experience teaching first-year writing are required. Send cover letter, 
citing position #11– 05, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and faculty application 
www.fmarion.edu/about/HR to Christopher Johnson, Chair, Department 
of English, Modern Languages, and Philosophy, Francis Marion 

University, P.O. Box 100547, Florence, SC 29502-0547. Screening begins 
immediately. The position will begin in August 2011. 
FMU is a state-supported regional university with a strong emphasis on 

the liberal ar ts. The English program of fers three degree options and 
serves over 120 majors. Located in Florence, SC, a growing city with a 
vibrant arts culture, FMU is within easy driving distance of beach resorts, 
such as Myrtle Beach, and areas of historical interest, including Charleston 
and Savannah. A state-of-the-art child care facility in the University’s 
Center for the Child provides childcare at competitive prices. [R] 


Newberry C 

English, Lit, & Langs, 2100 College St Newberr y SC 29108 

Assistant Professor of English Education 14184 

http://www.newberr y.edu/human-resources/careers.aspx 
Newberr y College Department of English, Literature, & Languages seeks 


to fi ll one tenure-track position depending upon interest and qualifications 
to begin August 2011. 
Responsibilities: 4/4 load with teaching in English Education, composi


tion, introductor y literature, and future upper-level courses. Desirable 
second areas of interest include Linguistics and developmental composition. 


Requirements: Earned doctorate preferred with specialization in English 
Lang uage Arts, composition/rhetor ic, and non-Western literature; experience 
using computers and other classroom technologies. Preference 
given to a strong record of scholarly work and successful teaching at the 
public school and college/university level. 


Preferred Qualifications: Recent, successful teaching in schools, teaching 
certification; familiarity with secondary English classroom practice, assessment 
and NCTE standards for ELA; expertise in the theor y and methods 
of teaching English in secondary environments. Responsibilities may 
include supervising student interns. 


Review of applications to begin immediately. Search to close 2/15/2011. 
See college website for subm ission details (http://www.newberr y.edu/ 
human-resources/careers.aspx). 


Newberry College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national 
origin, sex, religion, age, gender, veteran status, genetic characteristic, 
and disability in employment or the provision of services. 


Newberr y College encourages a diversity of applicants. 
Foreign Nationals should indicate current United States immigration status 
when submitting application materials. [R] 


soutH dAkotA 
South Dakota Sch of Mines & Tech 

Humanities, 501 E St Joseph St Rapid City SD 57701 

Assistant or Associate Professor of En glish 

http://sdmines.sdsmt.edu/sdsmt/employment 
Assistant or Associate Professor 
Humanities 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


The Humanities Department at South Dakota School of Mines and Technolog 
y invites applications for an Assistant or Associate Professor of English. 
This is a nine-month, tenure-track position. The anticipated start 
date is August 22, 2011. Typical semester course load is three sections of 
composition/technical communications and one humanities/ literature 
course, assigned by the department head and appropr iate to the candidate’s 
experience and areas of interest. The successful candidate will have 

(1) an earned doctorate in English or related field; (2) demonstrated excellence 
in teaching; (3) demonstrated experience and/or potential to engage 
in scholarly activities, professionally-based service, and student advising. 
Experience teaching at the college level is required. Experience teaching 
technical writing/speaking and American literature is preferred. Writing 
sample and documentation of teaching excellence will be requested from 
finalists. 
Individuals interested in this position must apply online at http://sdmines 


.sdsmt.edu/sdsmt/employment. 
Human Resources can provide accommodation to the on-line application 
process and can be reached at (605) 394-1203. Review of applications will 
begin December 1, 2010, and wil l continue until the position is fi l led. 
Employment is contingent upon completion of a satisfactory background 
investigation. 


SDSM&T is an EEO/AA/ADA employer & provider. [R] 


South Dakota SU 

English, Scobey Hall, Box 504 Brook ings SD 57007 

Assistant Professor of English 13798 

http://www.sdstate.edu/engl/index.cfm 
The English Department at South Dakota State University seeks a full-
time, tenure-track assistant professor of English to teach courses in Creative 
Writing (Fiction). Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English with 
Creative Dissertation in Fiction or MFA in English with Creative Thesis 
in Fiction, in hand by August 15th, 2011, along with an established and 
successful record of publication. Experience or training in one or more 
of the following areas desired: Contemporar y Literature; Screen-and/or 
Play-Writing; Ethnic Studies; or Juvenile Literature. Must demonstrate 
the following: effective written and oral communication skills; effective 
interpersonal skills; exper ience coordinating wr iting conferences and 
assisting w ith student publications and contests; willingness to develop 
and teach distance education courses; interest in developing community 
outreach or Service Learning programs. Application deadline: December 
30th, 2010. To apply, visit https://YourFuture.sdbor.edu, search by 
the position, and follow the electronic employment process. Paper and 
e-mail applications will not be accepted. For questions on the electronic 
employment process, contact SDSU Human Resources at (605) 6884128. 
SDSU is an AA/EEO employer. We encourage women and members 
of minority groups to apply. [R] 


U of South Dakota 

English, 414 E Clark St, 212 Dakota Hall Vermillion SD 57069 

Visiting Creative Writer 14258 

http://www.usd.edu/english 
The University of South Dakota invites applications for a Visiting Creative 
Wr iter for the 2011–12 academ ic year. Anticipated contr ibutions 
are teaching classes focused on creative writing and literature, mentoring 
undergraduate and graduate students in creative writing, participation in 
the life of the creative writing program and the Department of English, 
and continued activit y as a publishing writer. Excel lence in teaching is 
expected, both in the classroom and in mentor ing students outside the 
classroom. USD is the state’s flagship liberal arts university. Housed in the 
College of Arts and Sciences, USD’s English Department offers BA/BS, 
MA, and PhD degrees, with creative writing specializations at all levels; 
it hosts South Dakota Review and the biennial John R. Milton Writers’ 
Conference (October 2011). 

Teaching experience and book publication are required, as is an MFA in 
Creative Writing or a PhD in English (or equiva lent). Additional publications, 
readings, and presentations are desirable. Appointment runs 
Aug ust 22, 2011 to May 21, 2012. Salar y is commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. To apply, send CV, application letter, graduate 
transcript, at least three letters of reference, and a representative sample of 
published creative writing to John Dudley, Chair, English Department, 
The University of South Dakota, 414 East Clark Street, Vermillion, SD 
57069-2390. Materials may also be submitted via https://yourfuture.sdbor 
.edu. Screening beg ins Januar y 31, 2011 and continues until a suitable 
candidate is hired. The University of South Dakota is an equal opportunity/
affirmative action institution committed to increasing the diversity of 
its faculty, staff, and students. [R] 


tennessee 
Tennessee Tech U 

English, PO Box 5053 Cookeville TN 38505 

Assistant Professor of English 13883 

http://www.tntech.edu/jobs 
Tenure-track, assistant professor position in English is available at Tennessee 
Technological University. By August 1, 2011, the candidate must 
have earned the Ph.D. in English from an accredited institution with dissertation 
or other significant research in any one of the following areas 
(listed in alphabetical order): Contemporar y Literature in English, Ethnic 
American Literature, Milton or other Early Modern Literature, or Postcolonial 
Literature. The successful candidate will be a generalist who will 
teach general education courses in composition and/or literature, as well 
as upper-division and graduate courses in literature. Teaching load is 4/4. 
Prior teaching experience is required. Experience with program and curriculum 
planning is preferred. [R] 


U of Memphis 

For Langs & Lit, 375 Dunn Hall 3725 Norriswood Memphis TN 38152 

Holder of the Chair of Excellence 14046 

http://https://workforum.memphis.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/frameset 
The Office of Interdisciplinary Studies at the University of Memphis invites 
applications and nominations for the endowed Bornblum Chair of 
Excellence in Judaic Studies/Director, Judaic Studies Program. The Judaic 
Studies program has three faculty, an active research program, thriving 
communit y relationships, and an interdisciplinar y undergraduate 
education program (see http://www.memphis.edu/jdst/courses.htm for a 
list of course offerings). The Judaic Studies curriculum provides students 
with knowledge of Judaica and prepares them for careers in Jewish education, 
Jewish community service, and graduate studies, reflecting inter


disciplinary perspectives. Faculty research addresses major issues in Judaic 
Studies. 
The Universit y of Memphis is a metropolitan research university with 

a combined undergraduate and graduate enrollment of 23,000 students. 
The University is committed to making a significant contribution to the 
economic, social, and cultural development of the Greater Memphis, 
Delta, and Mid-South regions. 

Criteria for a successful candidate include evidence of strong scholarship, 
knowledge of Hebrew, ev idence of successful teaching, and a commitment 
to furthering the program’s mission of community service at local, 
regional, and national levels. Administrative experience is an asset, proven 
ability to work with various constituencies on and off campus is a necessity. 
Qualified candidates should submit a letter of application, CV, and 
contact infor mation for three references, on line at https://workfor um 
.memphis.edu. Nominations and inquiries can be submitted by e-mail to 
Professor Ralph Albanese, Search Committee Chair, at ralbanes@memphis.
edu . Review of applications will begin January 18 and may continue 
until the position is filled. 

66 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Successful candidates must meet the guidelines of the Immigration Reform 
Act of 1986. The University of Memphis, one of the Tennessee 
Board of Regents institutions, is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. [R] 


U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower K noxville TN 37996 

Associate Professor of Rhetoric/Composition 13987 

http://web.utk.edu/~english/ 
The University of Tennessee, Knoxville, is seeking a Rhetoric/Composition 
scholar to join its graduate and undergraduate programs and to direct 
the university's first-year writing program. Position requires Ph.D. 
in Rhetoric and Composition, successful experience directing a writing 
program, a record of teaching excellence, and an active research agenda, 
with publications warranting appointment at or immediate promotion to 
the Associate Professor rank. UTK features the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. degrees 
in English with an emphasis in Rhetoric, Writing, and Linguistics. 
Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment provides 
ample support for research and travel. UTK, a "Doctoral/Research Extensive" 
institution, is the flagship university in the state system. Applications 
were due by November 1, but the search will remain open until the 
position is filled. Applications should include: cover letter, vita, abstract of 
current research project, philosophy of writing program administration, 
representative writing sample, and a dossier or three letters of recommendation. 
Have these sent to David Goslee, Associate Head, Department of 
English, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996. The University 
of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ADEA 
institution in the provision of its education and employment programs 
and services. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for 
employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, 
pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical 
or mental disability, or covered veteran status. [R] 


U of Tennessee, Martin 

English & Mod For Langs, 131 Humanities Bldg 209 Hurt St Martin 
TN 38238 

Assistant Professor Modern/Contemporary American literature 13823 

http://www.utm.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professor in modern and contemporary American 
literature (12-hour load), beginning August 1, 2011. Ph.D. in English required 
by time of appointment. Candidates should also have ability in one 
or more of the following areas: women's studies, gender studies, Southern 
literature, or Victorian literature. A successful candidate will demonstrate 
a comm itment to teaching composition and the abilit y to use technology 
as a teaching tool. UT Martin has the traditional tenure requirements 
in teaching, research, and service, though the primar y focus is on quality 
teaching. Send letter of application and vita to Dr. Jeffrey Longacre, 
Chair, Modern and Contemporar y Amer ican Literature Search Committee, 
131 Humanities, 209 Hurt Street, The University of Tennessee at 
Martin, Martin, TN 38238. Review of applications will begin on Dec. 1, 
2010, and will continue until the position is filled. UTM is an EEO/AA/ 
Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ADEA employer. The University 
seeks to diversify its work force. Therefore, all qualified applicants, regardless 
of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, disability or 
veteran status, are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 


Union U 

English, 1050 Union University Dr Jackson TN 38305 

Faculty Position in English 14019 

The English Department at Union University seeks candidate for a full-
time tenure-track position in Renaissance literature with responsibilities 
in world literature and composition for Fal l 2011. Exper tise in cr itical 

theory is desirable. Rank/assignment commensurate with education/experience. 


Position Description: 
The successf u l ca nd idate w i l l teach upper d iv ision Rena issance a nd 
Shakespeare courses as well as introductor y composition and world literature. 


Qualifications: 


Graduation from accredited college or university with completed Ph.D. 
preferred. 
Successful candidates must be professing Chr istians, active members of 


local church, enthusiastically support Union University’s Identity, Mission 
and Core Values, and articulate Christian worldview in their work and 
life. 


To Apply: 
Individuals may access an application at www.uu.edu/humanresources. 
Send application, resume, and letter expressing interest to: HR, Union 


University, 1050 Union University Drive, Jackson, TN 38305, fax to 731661-
5177, or e-mail to hrdept@uu.edu. 
Women and minority candidates encouraged to apply. 
Application review will begin immediately. MLA interviews anticipated. 


texAs 
Midwester n SU 

English, 3410 Taft Blvd Wichita Falls TX 76308 

Assistant Professor 14248 

English: Tenure track position, fall 2011, Assistant Professor specializing 
in comparative/world literature. The position carries a 4/4 teaching load 
that includes undergraduate and graduate courses in the area of specialization, 
survey courses, and freshman composition. The position also includes 
advising and serving on appropriate committees. Required: Ph.D., 
demonstrated excellence in teaching, and on-going research in the area 
of specialization. Send letter of application, g raduate transcr ipts, C.V., 
and contact infor mation for three references to Pam Marshall, Department 
of English, MSU, 3410 Taft Blvd., Wichita Falls, TX 76308-2099, 
or submit materials electronically to pam.marshall@mwsu.edu. Review 
of applications will begin February 1, 2011, and will continue until the 
position is filled. This position is designated as security sensitive and requires 
the finalists to complete a criminal background check. EEO/ADA 
Employer. [R] 


Midwester n SU 

English, 3410 Taft Blvd Wichita Falls TX 76308 

Assistant Professor 14247 

English: Tenure track position, Fall 2011. Assistant Professor in romantic 
or 19th centur y English literature. The position carries a 4/4 teaching 
load that includes undergraduate and graduate courses in the area of 
specialization, survey courses, and freshman composition. The position 
also includes advising and serving on appropriate committees. Required: 
Ph.D., demonstrated excellence in teaching, and on-going research in the 
area of specialization. Send letter of application, graduate transcripts, C.V., 
and contact infor mation for three references to Pam Marshall, Department 
of English, MSU, 3410 Taft Blvd., Wichita Falls, TX 76308-2099, 
or submit materials electronically to pam.marshall@mwsu.edu. Review 
of applications will begin February 1, 2011, and will continue until the 
position is filled. This position is designated as security sensitive and requires 
the finalists to complete a criminal background check. EEO/ADA 
Employer. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Midwester n SU 

English, 3410 Taft Blvd Wichita Falls TX 76308 

Associate Professor 14246 

English: Tenure track position, fal l 2011, Associate Professor specializing 
in contemporary literature. The position carries a 4/4 teaching load 
that includes undergraduate and graduate courses in the area of specialization, 
survey courses, and freshman composition. The position also includes 
advising and serving on appropriate committees. Required: Ph.D., 
demonstrated excellence in teaching, and on-going research in the area 
of specialization. Send letter of application, g raduate transcr ipts, C.V., 
and contact infor mation for three references to Pam Marshall, Department 
of English, MSU, 3410 Taft Blvd., Wichita Falls, TX 76308-2099, 
or submit materials electronically to pam.marshall@mwsu.edu. Review 
of applications will begin February 1, 2011, and will continue until the 
position is filled. This position is designated as security sensitive and requires 
the finalists to complete a criminal background check. EEO/ADA 
Employer. [R] 


Saint Mar y's U 

English & Communication Studies, 1 Camino Santa Maria San 
Antonio TX 78228 

Assistant Professor of Engli sh/Communications Studies 14250 

http://www.stmarytx.edu/hr 
The Department of English & Communication Studies, St. Mar y’s Universit 
y, San A ntonio, Texas, invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor to begin August 2011. Suitable candidates must possess 
teaching experience or background in some or all of the following: literature, 
composition, rhetoric, and multimodal literacies. PhD in literature, 
composition, rhetoric, or closely related area required. The successful applicant 
must be able to demonstrate excellence or promise of excellence in 
teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels and in scholarship in the 
discipline. Send cover letter, CV, and letters of recommendation to Search 
Committee/English & Communication Studies /St. Mary’s University / 
San Antonio, TX 78228–8535. Applications submitted by Feb. 15, 2011 
will receive priority consideration; all applications considered until position 
is f il led. Founded in 1852 by the Societ y of Mar y, Marianists, St. 
Mar y’s is a comprehensive Catholic and Marianist university with a strong 
tradition of integrating liberal arts with professional studies. St. Mary’s 
enrolls 4,000 students in a diverse university with five schools, more than 
40 academic programs including Ph.D. and J.D. programs, and numerous 
pre-professional programs. St. Mar y’s has been cited for high graduation 
rates among Texas colleges and is ranked among the best in the West Region 
for value and academic quality by U.S. News & World Report. St. 
Mar y’s is the oldest Catholic university in the Southwest, and continues to 
advocate the Marianist mission of academic excellence and servant leadership. 
Candidates should appreciate the Catholic educational tradition, 
but need not be Catholic. St. Mary’s University is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer (AA/EOE). [R] 


Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Department Head, English Department, Texas A&M Univeristy 14084 

http://www-english.tamu.edu 

Department Head, English Department, Texas A&M University 
We are seeking a distinguished scholar with an active program of research 
and a record of accomplishment in academic leadership to serve as Head 
of the English Department at Texas A&M University. The new Head will 
bring fresh perspectives that help promote nationally visible programs and 
scholarship within an a lready strong, comprehensive, and collegial department. 
He or she will also help the department to compete successfully 
for outside funding. The appointment will be at the rank of full professor 

with responsibilities in scholarship and classroom teaching as well as ad


ministration. 
Texas A&M, a flagship public University and member of the American 
Association of Universities, is committed to academic excel lence and 
g rowth in diversit y and interdisciplinar y initiatives. With major programs 
at the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. levels, the English Department at 
Texas A&M has an excellent record of scholarship and innovation, with 
established strengths in British and American literature, and recent hires 
in ethnic, diasporic, postcolonial, immigrant, transnational and nonwestern 
literatures and rhetorics, as well as in digital humanities and film. The 
department's major interdisciplinar y emphases include efforts toward research 
prominence and curricular development in English Without Borders 
and Digital Humanities. With several recent hires in both areas and 
major participation in Texas A&M’s new Institute for Digital Humanities, 
Media and Culture, the department is poised to make its mark upon the 
evolving futures of English Studies. 


Minimum requirements include a Ph.D. in English (or comparable terminal 
degree) and credentials befitting a full professor at a Research I university. 


Texas A&M is an AA/EEO employer, is deeply committed to diversity, 


and responds to the needs of dual-career couples. 
The review of applications will begin immediately. We plan to invite selected 
applicants to campus in February 2011. Expected appointment date 
is August 1, 2011. 


Qualified applicants should send a vita and letter (which covers the applicant’s 
scholarship, teaching, administrative experience and philosophy, 
and statement on diversity). Finalists will be asked for letters of recommendation 
and other materials. Inquiries and applications should be addressed 
to: 


Dr. Nandini Bhattacharya 
Search Committee Chair 
Department of English 
4227 TAMU 
College Station, TX 77843-4227 
nbhattac@tamu.edu [R] 


Texas A&M U, Corpus Christi 

English, 6300 Ocean Dr Corpus Christi TX 78412 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://islanderjobs.tamucc.edu 
Texas A&M Universit y— Corpus Christi invites applications for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor of Eng lish in Rhetor ic/Composition or 
Linguistics with a specialization in second language acquisition/writing, 
starting August 2011. Secondar y specialization in at least one of the following 
areas is required: grammar, English education, basic writing, and/ 
or writing centers. The strongest candidates will have teaching experience, 
will engage in research, and will be able contribute to departmental 
and university service. PhD required at time of appointment. Application 
materials must include: (a) statement of teaching philosophy and research 

goals; (b) curriculum vitae; (c) graduate transcripts; and (d) three letters of 
recommendation. 
Apply online: https://islanderjobs.tamucc.edu. The position will remain 

open until fi l led, but preference w il l be given to applicants submitting 
all requested documentation by January 3, 2011. For more information, 
contact Nancy Sullivan, Chair, Department of English, nancy.sullivan@ 
tamucc.edu. More infor mation about the Department can be found at: 
http://cla.tamucc.edu/english. TAMUCC is an EO employer. [R] 


68 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Texas Christian U 

English, TCU Dept of English 297270 2800 S Universit y Dr Fort 
Worth TX 76129 

Instructor in English 13730 

http://eng.tcu.edu 
The Depar tment of English invites applications for the position of Instructor 
in English, a non-tenure-track, renewable position with primary 
responsibilities teaching lower-division courses for the university’s Core 
Curriculum requirements in writing and literature. In a department offering 
courses in literature, rhetoric, and writing, demonstrated teaching 
excellence is expected. Candidates are expected to teach four courses each 
semester. In addition to expertise in composition and literature pedagogy, 
other areas of specialization are open to consideration and may be taught 
when scheduling responsibilities and requirements for Core courses are 
satisfied. TCU offers annual support for travel and long-term opportunities 
for professional advancement. PhD or MFA required by August 2011. 
Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. Please send a letter of application, 
vita, teaching philosophy, and sample syllabus for a lower-division 
course to Brad Lucas, Chair; TCU Department of English (via email to 
both b.e.lucas2@tcu.edu and m.roberts@tcu.edu). Review of applications 
begins November 1 and will continue until the position is fi l led. 
A pr ivate, secular institution of approximately 9,000 students located 
in the nation's four th-largest metropolitan area, TCU is an A A/EEO 
employer. [R] 


U of Texas, Austin 

English, Parlin 108 1 Universit y Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of English 13942 

http://www.utexas.edu/cola/depts/english/ 
The English Department at the University of Texas at Austin invites applications 
for a tenure-track, beginning Assistant Professor in transatlantic 
modernist or contemporar y Anglophone literature; candidates with a specialty 
in African literature are particularly encouraged to apply. Applicants 
should have PhD in English or related field by August 2011, documented 
evidence of teaching excellence, and a clearly defined research agenda. 
The selected candidate will be expected to teach at all levels of our curriculum, 
to direct dissertations, MA reports, and honors theses, publish 
actively, and offer service to the English Department. Applicants should 
subm it a single .pdf containing a cover letter, CV, 1–2 page abstract of 
dissertation, and writing sample (25–30 pages) to amgolden@mail.utexas 
.edu. Three letters of recommendation should be sent via a service such as 
Interfolio, or from the letter writers as .pdfs to the same address. Priority 
will be given to applications submitted by November 22, 2010, but the 
search will continue until the position is filled. The University of Texas is 
an A A/EEO employer. Background checks will be conducted. 

U of Texas, Tyler 

Lits & Langs, 3900 Universit y Blvd Tyler TX 75799 

Visiting Assistant Professor 14223 

The Department of Literature and Languages at The University of Texas 
at Tyler invites applications for a one-year Visiting Assistant Professor/ 
Writing Scholar In-Residence position in English starting fall 2011. Candidates 
with specialties in professional writing and/or rhetoric/composition 
with a secondary concentration in literature are encouraged to apply. 

Responsibilities: teaching composition, rhetoric, writing, and literary survey, 
developing writing courses at undergraduate and graduate level, conducting 
research, and providing university service. 

Requirements: Ph.D. or ABD in Composition/Rhetoric, English, or a 

related field. Compensation will be competitive based on credentials. 
To apply: send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, contact information for 
four references, and supporting documents to Dr. Hui Wu, Chair, De


partment of Literature and Languages, College of Arts and Sciences, The 

University of Texas at Tyler, 3900 University Blvd., Tyler, Texas 75799. 
Review will begin on February 1, 2011 and will continue until the position 
is filled. For additional information, contact Hui Wu at hwu@uttyler 
.edu or visit http://www.utt yler.edu/news/jobs.php. 

This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 
Section 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain cr im inal his-
tor y record information. The successful applicant must be able to demonstrate 
eligibility to work in the United States. Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. The University of Texas at Tyler is an Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employer [R] 


utAH 
Utah Valley U 

English, 800 W University Pky Orem UT 84058 

Faculty, Assistant or Associate Professor, Humanities – Asian Studies 13884 

http://www.uvu.jobs 
The Humanities Prog ram at Utah Val ley Universit y, located in Orem, 
Utah, is seeking a competitive scholar in ar t or literature related Asian 
St ud ies for a tenure-t rack appoint ment at the A ssist ant or Associate 
Professor level for the Fall of 2011. The successful candidate wil l teach 
undergraduate courses and must be able to apply his or her expertise to 
the teaching of the appreciation of var ious ar t forms. Ph.D. or equivalent 
professional preparation preferred. College teaching experience required. 
The application deadline is Januar y 5, 2011. Please initially submit 
only a cover letter and detailed CV online at www.uvu.jobs. Utah Valley 
University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Equal Access 
Employer. 

Utah Valley U 

English, 800 W University Pky Orem UT 84058 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 13733 

http://www.uvu.jobs/applicants/Central?quickFind=55724 
Utah Valley University’s Department of English and Literature invites ap


plications for two tenure-track positions in Rhetoric and Composition to 
begin August 2011. 
Successful candidates for both positions will teach first-year composition, 


advanced academic writing, rhetorical theor y, and other courses in their 
area of specialty. Standard teaching load is 4/4 with opportunities for reassigned 
time for WPA or other administrative work and scholarly projects. 


(1) Rhetoric and Composition: Focus in first-year writing, writing program 
administration, and curriculum development for proposed Writing 
Studies Emphasis. 
(2) R hetor ic and Composition with emphasis in Technical Commun i-
cation: Focus in technical wr iting, new media, and curr iculum development 
for established Technical Communication minor and proposed 
Writing Studies Emphasis. 
The committee welcomes candidates with secondar y expertise in teaching 
Modern Grammars or Histor y of the English Language, and in developing 
hybrid online/classroom courses. 

Located forty miles south of Salt Lake City, Utah Valley University is a 
growing regional state university of approximately 30,000 students that 
offers a super ior undergraduate experience through teaching, research, 
and engagement. The university offers competitive salary and excellent 
benefits. UVU is an Affi rmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Equal Access 
Employer. UVU is committed to an inclusive hiring process and welcomes 
diverse candidates. 

Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition or related field required at time of 

appointment. 
Screening of applications begins November 15 and continues until positions 
are filled. Please submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation online at www 
.uvu.jobs/applicants/Central?quickFind=55724. Letters of recommendation 
may also be sent to HREmployment@uvu.edu or mailed to Human 
Resources at MS 184, 800 West University Parkway, Orem, UT 84058. 

Please call 801-863-8207 if you need assistance with the application. If 
you have questions about the position, please contact search committee 
co-chair, Dr. Gae Lyn Henderson, at 801-863-8579 or gaelyn.henderson@
uvu.edu. [R] 


Utah Valley U 

English, 800 W University Pky Orem UT 84058 

Faculty, Assistant or Associate Professor, Humanities-Science/Technology 

http://www.uvu.jobs/applicants/Central?quickFind=55718 
The Humanities Prog ram at Utah Va l ley Universit y, located in Orem, 
Utah, is seeking a competitive scholar for a tenure-track appointment at 
the Assistant or Associate Professor level for the Fall of 2011. We invite 
applications from candidates with a research specialty in Environmental 
Humanities, Animal Studies, Humanities and Science, Humanities and 
Technology, or Posthumanist Theory. The successful candidate will be 
able to apply his or her expertise to the teaching of the appreciation of 
various art forms. Ph.D. or equivalent professional preparation preferred. 
Col lege teaching exper ience required. The application deadline is December 
1. Please initially submit only a cover letter and detailed CV online 
at www.uvu.jobs. Utah Valley University is an Affi rmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer. 

Weber SU 

English, 1404 University Cir Ogden UT 84408 

Assistant Professor English 13934 

http://weber.edu 
Weber State University invites applications for one tenure-track position 
in fiction writing, to begin August of 2011, depending on funding. Full 
teaching load consists of 12 hours per semester (4 and 4). In addition to 
fiction writing courses, teaching load includes lower-division composition 


and introductor y l iterature courses. At time of appointment, candidate 
must have an MFA or PhD in creative writing with a fiction emphasis. 
Prefer red qualifications: exper ience teaching, mentor ing, and working 


with Creative Wr iting students, and a record and/or strong prom ise of 
publication, are highly desirable. Expertise in computer and online literacy, 
and exper ience w ith teaching composition and/or l iterature, are 
preferred. Experience in the teaching of script and play writing is a plus. 


To apply, complete the online faculty/staff data form at http://jobs.weber 
.edu and attach a cover letter, CV, a writing sample, and a list with the 
names and contact information for three references. 


Screening of applications will beg in November 21, 2010 and continue 
until position is filled. 
Criminal background check required as a condition of employment. 
WSU is an AA/EO employer. 


virGiniA 
George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Director: University Writing Center, George Mason University 13748 

http://english.gmu.edu 
Duties for this 12-month facult y position include providing leadership 
and vision for a large and successful writing center, overseeing its daily 
operations across three locations, super vising and mentor ing g raduate 
and undergraduate writing tutors, marketing the center’s services across 

the university, engaging in ongoing assessment of the center's work, and 
teaching t wo courses a year. Applicants should have a commitment to 
providing effective writing support to students across the disciplines, and 
expertise/experience in supporting second language writers. Cover letter 
shou ld speak to experience/philosophy related to all of the above. M A 
in Rhetor ic/Composition or related field and substantive experience in 
wr iting center administration and the teaching of wr iting required; an 
A BD/PhD in Rhetoric/Composition or related field desired. Review of 
applications will begin November 8. Interviews at MLA, January 6th-9th 
2011. Visit writingcenter.gmu.edu to learn more about our center. 

Apply and attach a cover letter, CV, and list of three references at http:// 
jobs.gmu.edu. Look for position number F7699Z. 

Randolph-Macon C 

English, PO Box 5005 Ashland VA 23005 

Assistant Professor of African-American Literature 13935 

http://rmc.edu 
Tenure-track position in English for a specialist in African-American literature. 
Ph.D. required at commencement of duties. Responsibilities include 
teaching within an interdisciplinar y first-year program as well as 
upper-division courses in the area of the candidate’s specialty. Teaching 
load is six or seven (3 and 4 credit) courses per year. A strong com m itment 
to undergraduate education in a liberal arts environment is essential. 
Please send letter of application, vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to Amy Goodwin, Chair, Department of English, Randolph-Macon College, 
P.O. box 5005, Ashland, VA 23005. To receive full consideration, 
materials must be submitted by December 15. We will be interviewing at 
MLA. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. EOE 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

World Studies Sch, PO Box 842021 R ichmond VA 23284 

Faculty Positions 13856 

Faculty Positions 
College of Humanities and Sciences 
To advance its ongoing humanities initiative, the College of Humanities 

and Sciences at Virginia Commonwealth University is searching for four 
tenure-eligible faculty (three assistant professors and one advanced assistant 
or associate professor; two in English, and two in another humanities 
unit such as African-American Studies, History, Gender, Sexuality, and 
Women’s Studies, or World Studies (the administrative home to programs 
in Anthropology and World Cinema) with research and teaching interests 
in and potential to secure external funding in the areas of: 

Transatlantic Studies 
Theor y and History of Media or Film 
Medical Humanities 
Ethnic Literatures of the United States with a focus on historical contexts 
Gender and Sexuality Studies 
Of particular interest are candidates who br ing interdisciplinar y and 

global perspectives in their work and who can contribute to the interdisciplinar 
y Ph.D. program in Media, Art, and Text (MATX). We seek 
candidates who possess disciplinary knowledge, theoretical acumen, and 
a master y of the relevant cultural and historical contexts. Preference will 
be g iven to candidates with a clear research agenda, existing or potential 
to secure external funding and teaching experience in: new media, 
world cinema, slaver y and the literature of the slavery debate, the African 
presence in Central and South America or the Middle East, Transnational 
Gender and Sexuality studies, Africa and the African Diaspora including 
its literature, and narrative medicine. 

We seek to f ill these positions, contingent upon funding, w ith facult y 
appropriate for appointments in one or more of the following academic 
units: African-American Studies, English, Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s 
Studies, History, or World Studies. 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



Qualifications expected of candidates include a Ph.D. in an appropriate 
field in hand by January, 2011 and a record of or potential for excellence 
in scholarship. Demonstrated experience working in and fostering a diverse 
faculty, staff, and student environment or commitment to do so as a 
faculty member at VCU required. 

Applicants should e-mail (preferably as a single attachment) a letter of application, 
CV, and 3 letters of reference to the Search Chair, Naomi Batten, 
battenne@vcu.edu. 

The application review process will begin on October 20, 2010. For full 

consideration, applications must be received prior to November 25, 2010. 
For appropriate disciplines, we will be available to interview at the MLA 
Conference in Los Angeles ( January 2011) 

For additional information, visit our website at www.has.vcu.edu 

Virginia Commonwealth University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women, minorities and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged 

to apply. 

wAsHinGton 
Washington SU, Vancouver 

Creative Media & Digital Culture Program, 14204 NE Salmon Creek 
Ave Vancouver WA 98686 

Assistant Professor of Media Communications 14313 

http://www.wsujobs.com 
The Creative Media & Digital Cu lture Program at Washing ton State 

University Vancouver in Vancouver, WA seeks an Assistant Professor of 
Media Communications. 
Responsibi l it ies include teach i ng underg raduate classes t hat i nvolve 

hands-on practice in digital media content creation across multiple media 
pl at for m s. K nowled ge of the inter sect ion s among d ig it a l, pr int, and 
broadcast is also required. Research emphasis may include digital media, 
media journalism, social media, and/or visual and aural communication. 
Candidates may be asked to teach graduate level courses at the Murrow 
College of Communications. The successful candidate may be responsible 
for advising student multimedia projects and productions. Also, the successful 
candidate will be expected to advise undergraduate and/or graduate 
students and serve as a liaison with the professional community. 

To apply, visit www.wsujobs.com. For application, please include: 1) cover 
letter describing training and experience relating specified qualifications, 
2) CV, 3) description of research goals and plans, 4) three letters of reference, 
5) Also required is a link to an online portfolio where examples of 
personal and student work are available to be downloaded and viewed. 
Review of completed applications will begin by February 1, 2011. Questions 
should be directed to Dr. Dene Gr igar, dgr igar@ vancouver.wsu 
.edu. 

wisConsin 
Carroll U 

English, 100 N East Av Waukesha WI 53186 

Assistant Professor of English 14147 

http://www.carrollu.edu 
Description: Full-time tenure-track position in English with specializa


tion in Early Modern/Renaissance British Literature, starting September 
1, 2011 
Qualifications: PhD in area of specialization by the time of appointment. 


The successful candidate will have a history of teaching excellence and a 


strong record of professional and scholarly activity. 
Responsibilities: The teaching load is 12 credits per semester (typically, 
three four-credit courses) and includes two sections of freshman compo


sition per year. Other teaching responsibilities include the following: an 
early British Literature survey (Anglo Saxon to 1780), upper-level courses 
on Shakespeare and/or Chaucer, and introductory literature courses for 
Carroll University’s newly designed General Education program. Other 
responsibilities include student academic advising; engagement in service 
at the departmental, divisional, or university levels; and continued scholarly/
professional activity. 

Application: Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue 
until February 1st 2011. Please submit as attachments to an email 
with the subject line “Assistant Professor in English/EarlyModer n” in 
a Word or PDF format 1) a letter of application, 2) curriculum vitae, 3) 
writing sample, 4) statement of teaching philosophy and 5) letters of recommendation 
to facapp@carrollu.edu. Final applicants will be asked to 
submit graduate transcripts. Carroll University is an Equal-Opportunity 
Employer. For further information see: http://www.carrollu.edu/campus/ 
employment/faculty.asp?nav=5291 

Carthage C 

English, 2001 A lford Park Dr Kenosha WI 53140 

Assistant Professor English 14002 

http://www.carthage.edu 
Faculty Appointment 18th, 19th, and 20th Century British Literature 
Car thage College invites applications for a 3 -year renewable contract 


position in Br itish Literature from 1700 to the present at the Assistant 
Professor level. Teaching of British literature includes survey courses, upper-
level courses in authors and periods, and special topics courses. In addition 
to courses taught in the Department, the successful candidate will 
also have the opportunity to teach innovative courses to a general audience 
dur ing our Januar y term. The successful candidate is expected to 
contribute to the Western Heritage program focusing on core texts. Possibility 
exists for a joint appointment to the College’s Great Ideas Program. 
Representatives of the department will be interviewing candidates at the 
MLA Convention in Januar y. 


Founded in 1847, Carthage is located on the shore of Lake Michigan, 
midway between Milwaukee and Chicago and offers quick urban access 
from the relaxed environment of a small city. The Carthage curriculum 
is designed to promote critical thinking while challenging students to express 
themselves 


effectively. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 


the position is fi lled. For full consideration, applications should be received 
by December 15, 2010. 
Applications materials should include a cover letter, statement of teaching 


philosophy, a curriculum vita, and the names, addresses and phone num


bers of three references. 
Materials can be sent to Professor Christian Von Dehsen, Chair Humanities 
Division, Carthage College 2001 Alford Drive, Kenosha Wisconsin 
53140 or, electronically to englishsearch@carthage.edu. [R] 


Edgewood C 

English, 1000 Edgewood College Dr Madison WI 53711 

Assistant Professor of English 13871 

http://www.edgewood.edu 
The English Depar tment at Edgewood Col lege invites applications for 
a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor to beg in August 
2011. Preference will be given to generalists with a primary strength 

in American Literature to 1900 and secondar y strength in 19th-centur y 
British Literature (composition and rhetoric a plus). 
Responsibilities include teaching three courses per semester, to include 

composition and introductor y literature in addition to area(s) of specialization; 
service to the College; and ongoing scholarly activity. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


The successful candidate will share our faculty’s commitment to teaching 
writing, and will have experience at the college level. Ph.D. required at 
the time of appointment. 

Edgewood Col lege is a smal l, Catholic liberal arts college in Mad ison, 
Wisconsin. Salar y and benef its competitive. Edgewood Col lege is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in hiring, and welcomes 
persons of diverse backgrounds, religious affiliations, ethnic and racial 
identifications, and sexual orientations. 

Inter views are to be held at MLA in Los Angeles. Please send CV and 
cover letter by November 15th to: 
Edgewood College 
Human Resources – ENG1 
1000 Edgewood College Drive 
Madison, WI 53711 
E-mail: humanresources@edgewood.edu 
Equal Opportunity Employer [R] 


U of Wisconsin Cs 

English, 750 W Bayshore St Marinette WI 54143 

Assistant Professor of English 14135 

http://www.uwc.edu 
ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH 
U N I V ER S I T Y O F W I S C O N S IN-M A R S H F I EL D/ W O O D 


COUNTY 
MARSHFIELD, WISCONSIN 
The University of Wisconsin-Marshfield/Wood County and the Univer


sity of Wisconsin Colleges English Department invite applications for an 
Assistant Professor of English. The UW-Marshfield/Wood County campus 
in Marshfield, Wisconsin, is one of thirteen campuses comprising the 
U W Colleges, a freshman-sophomore transfer institution within the UW 
System. The UW Colleges offers an excellent liberal arts and pre-professional 
education for students beginning work toward a bachelor’s degree. 


Title: Assistant Professor of English 


Appointment: Tenure-track faculty appointment in the Department of 
English. 
Contract begins August 26, 2011. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, prior to start date. Candidates with a re


cord of successful teaching in freshman composition, creative writing, and 


literature at the undergraduate level are preferred. 
Responsibilities: The teaching load is twelve credit hours per semester, 
which will typically include three sections of writing and one section of 
literature. Candidates who have expertise in creative writing, as well as 
in British literature, world literature, and/or postcolonial literature will 
receive special consideration. This tenure-track position requires scholarly 
activity in the discipline and/or in the scholarship of teaching and learning. 
Service expectations include advising students, assisting with student 
recruitment, engaging in campus activities, serving on institutional committees, 
and participating in discipline-specific community service. 


Salary: Starting salar y currently is $43,000. Additional compensation for 
summer and/or winterim instruction may be a possibility as needed. Details 
of the excellent benefits package may be found at http://www.uwsa 
.edu/hr/benefits . 


Applications: Assured consideration date is Januar y 10, 2011; position 
will remain open until filled. Applications must include a letter of interest, 
current vita, unofficial transcripts, a one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy, and three current letters of recommendation. If summaries 
of student evaluations of teaching are available, they should be included 
with the application. Final inter views of candidates w il l include a class 
presentation. 


Applications must be accompanied by a statement of whether the applicant 
wishes to have the application held in confidence or made available 
to the public upon request. If requested, confidentiality of an applicant 
can be maintained until an applicant is deemed a finalist in the search. 


Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction wil l not necessarily disqualif y an applicant. 
The University of Wisconsin is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer. 

Electronic submission required for all materials. Send to chase.janisch@ 
uwc.edu. Send materials that cannot be submitted electronically to Chase 
Janisch, University of Wisconsin Colleges, 432 N. Lake St., Madison, WI 
53706. Send queries about the position to Jane Oitzinger, English Department 
Chair, at jane.oitzinger@uwc.edu. 

Candidates can fi nd add itiona l information about the U W Colleges at 
http://www.uwc.edu, about the UW-Marshfield/Wood County campus 
at http://www.marshfield.uwc.edu/, and about the English Department at 
http://uwc.edu/depts/. [R] 


U of Wisconsin Cs 

English, 750 W Bayshore St Marinette WI 54143 

Assistant Professor of English, Writing Specialist 

http://www.uwc.edu 
ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH 
UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN BARRON COUNTY 
RICE LAKE, WISCONSIN 
The University of Wisconsin-Barron County and the University of Wis


consin Colleges English Department invite applications for an Assistant 
Professor of English. The U W-Bar ron Count y campus in R ice Lake, 
Wisconsin is one of thirteen campuses comprising the UW Colleges, a 
freshman-sophomore transfer institution within the U W System. The 
UW Colleges offers an excellent liberal arts and pre-professional education 
for students beginning work toward a bachelor’s degree. Rice Lake 
is located on the Red Cedar River two hours from the Twin Cities and 
is situated at the gateway to Wisconsin’s northwestern recreational area. 

TITLE: Assistant Professor of English 

APPOINTMENT: Tenure-track faculty appointment in the Department 
of English. 
Contract begins August 26, 2011. 
QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English pr ior to start date is required. 


Record of successful college teaching is preferred. We seek an individual 
with expertise primarily in teaching college composition. Also desirable 
are interest and/or experience in teaching world literature, using instructional 
technolog y, teaching online wr iting courses, and teaching in a 
writing-related interdisciplinar y learning community. 

R ESPONSIBILITIES: Typical teaching load is twelve credit hours per 
semester to include three f irst-year courses and one sophomore-level 
writing or literature course. Responsibilities will also include overseeing 
and anchoring the campus’ interactive television (ITV) program, which 
offers college-level composition courses to area high schools. Courses will 
include Composition I and Composition II on a regular basis, plus Technical 
Wr iting and/or Inter mediate Composition. The literature course 
will draw from one of our International Literature surveys and/or Twentieth 
Century Novels of the World. Excellence in classroom teaching is 
required. Innovative teaching and integrating technolog y into the classroom 
is expected. This tenure-track position also requires scholarly activity 
in the discipline and/or in the scholarship of teaching and learning. 
Service expectations include assisting with student recruitment, engaging 
in campus activities, serving on institutional committees, and participating 
in discipline-specific community service. 

SALARY: Starting salary currently is $43,000. Additional compensation 
for summer and/or winterim instruction may be a possibility depending 
on campus need. Details of the excellent benefits package may be found at 
http://www.uwsa.edu/hr/benefits . 

Applications: Assured consideration date is Januar y 10, 2011; position 
will remain open until filled. Applications must include a letter of interest, 
current vita, unofficial transcripts, a one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy, and three current letters of recommendation. If summaries 
of student evaluations of teaching are available, they should be included 

72 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



with the application. Final inter views of candidates w il l include a class 

presentation. 
Applications must be accompanied by a statement of whether the applicant 
wishes to have the application held in confidence or made available to the 
public upon request. If requested, confidentiality of an applicant can be 
maintained until an applicant is deemed a finalist in the search. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor of Old and Middle English Language and Literature 13809 

http://uwlax.edu 
The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, College of Liberal Studies, invites 
applicants for a full-time, academic year, tenure-track Assistant Professor 
position for a specialist in Old and Middle English Language and 
Literature in the English Department, beginning August 29, 2011. The 
University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is a high-ranking comprehensive universit 
y specia lizing in teaching (the load is 4/4). Strong candidates wil l 
have a proven pedagogical track record and a desire to teach as strong as 
their desire to conduct research. Our new colleague will teach upper-level 
courses in Old and Middle English literature and Chaucer as well as regular 
assignments in freshman composition and early Western literature. 
Strong candidates will demonstrate evidence of teaching effectiveness and 
strong oral and written communication skills, potential for curriculum 
development, evidence of/potential for scholarship, and commitment to 
professional service. Preferred secondar y specialties include interdisciplinar 
y studies, gender studies, and history of the English language; also attractive 
are knowledge of the Bible as literature, and classical literatures 
and/or mythologies. The English Department values and supports diversity 
in its faculty, staff, and students. We seek a colleague who shares the 
department's commitment to diversity in curriculum and who will be a 
dedicated teacher, active scholar, and effective mentor for students with 

diverse backgrounds, preparation, and career goals. Candidates must have 
a PhD in English conferred by August 29, 2011. 
Note: Electronic submission of application materials is required, includ


ing letter of application; c.v.; unofficial transcript(s); and three letters of 
reference uploaded through the electronic portal or mailed by reference 
providers or dossier service to UW-L English Department, Attn. Old and 
Middle English Search, 1725 State Street, La Crosse, WI 54601. For additional 
information about this faculty position and to apply, please visit 
ht t ps://employment.uwlax.edu/. A l l application materials must be received 
by November 19, 2010. Initial interviews will be held at the Los 
Angeles MLA Convention. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. 
If you have a special need for accommodation in the hiring process, please 
contact the search and screen committee to make appropriate ar rangements. 
To learn more about the English Department, visit http://www 
.uwlax.edu/english . UW-L is an A A/EEO employer. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics and Grammars 13808 

http://www.uwlax.edu 
The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, College of Liberal Studies, Department 
of English, invites applicants for a full-time, tenure-track Assista 
nt Professor posit ion for a genera l ist in Eng l ish Ling u istics and 
Grammars with a strong interest in teaching English courses. The Universit 
y of Wisconsin-La Crosse is a high-ranking comprehensive university 
specializing in teaching (the load is 4/4). Strong candidates wil l 
have a proven pedagogica l track record and a desire to teach as strong 
as their desire to conduct research. Our new colleague will teach major-
level courses in Modern English Grammars, Introduction to Linguistics, 
and The English Language, as well as regular assignments in freshman 
composition. Attractive secondary specialties include ESL, TESOL, Education 
Studies, Rhetoric and Composition, Literature, and/or Multicul


tural Studies. The English Department values and supports diversity in 
its facult y, staf f, and students. We seek a colleague who shares the department's 
comm itment to diversit y in curriculum and who w il l be a 
dedicated teacher, active scholar, and effective mentor for students with 
diverse backgrounds, preparation, and career goals. Candidates must have 
a PhD in Linguistics, or in English with expertise/preparation in Linguistics, 
conferred by August 29, 2011. 

Note: Electronic submission of application materials is required, including 
letter of application; c.v.; unofficial transcript(s); and three letters of 
reference uploaded through the electronic portal or mailed by the candidate 
or a dossier service to UW-L English Department, Attn. Linguistics/ 
Grammars Search, 1725 State Street, La Crosse, WI 54601. For additional 
information about this faculty position and to apply via electronic portal, 
please visit https://employment.uwlax.edu . All application materials must 
be received by November 19, 2010. Initial interviews will be held by conference 
call. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, U W-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. 

If you have a special need for accommodation to assist in the hiring process, 
please contact the search and screen committee to make appropriate 
arrangements. To learn more about the English Department, visit http:// 
www.uwlax.edu/english . UW-L is an AA/EEO employer. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, Madison 

English, 600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706 

Visiting Assistant Professor in British Romanticism 13742 

http://www.english.wisc.edu/ 
2010–2011 Visiting Assistant Professorship in British romanticism, preferably 
accompanied by strong research and teaching interests in the eighteenth 
centur y, with possibility of renewal for a second year. Beginning 
Fall 2011. Appointment will include teaching 4 undergraduate courses per 
year in global and British romanticism/eighteenth century and active involvement 
in the intellectual life of the English Department, its Middle 
Modernity group and graduate community. Candidates must have Ph.D. 
in hand before the appointment begins in August 2011. Salar y range: 
55,000 plus benefits and research/travels funds $4000. Please submit a letter 
describing interests and capabilities, a CV, a dossier with recommendations, 
and a writing sample to: Prof. Theresa Kelley, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 600 N. Park Street, Madison, 
WI 53706. Deadline for submission of applications is November 20, 2010. 
U W-Madison is an equal opportunity/affi rmative action employer. We 
promote excellence through diversity and encourage all qualified individuals 
to apply. A Criminal Background Check Will Be Conducted. [R] 


U of Wisconsin, Milwaukee 

English, PO Box 413 Curtin Hall, Rm 413 Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Global Studies 13775 

http://www4.uwm.edu/cie/currentstudents/60/ 
The Universit y of Wisconsin-Milwaukee seeks an Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Global Studies whose research centers on globalization as it 
relates to one or more of the following: cultural diversity/gender issues, 
mig ration, sustainable development, information technolog y. The successful 
candidate will have a half-time appointment in Global Studies and 
a half-time appointment and tenure home in Anthropology, Comparative 
Literature, English, Geography, History, or Sociology. More information 

about the position and application instructions can be found at: http://jobs 
.uwm.edu/postings/5102 
U WM is an AA/EEO employer. [R] 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


U of Wisconsin, Milwaukee 

English, PO Box 413 Curtin Hall, Rm 413 Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant Professor of Transnational American Literature and Culture, Post 
W WII 13740 

http://jobs.uwm.edu/postings/5057 
The Department of English at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee 

invites applications for the tenure-track position of Assistant Professor in 
the field of Transnational American Literature and Culture, Post W WII. 
Minimum qualif ications: Ph D or A BD ( Ph D to be completed by Au


gust 2012) in English or closely related field; dissertation focus on transnational 
American literature and culture since 1945; evidence of record and 
of promise in scholarly research and publication. 

Secondar y expertise in literar y and cultural theor y as demonstrated by 
course work, teaching, and/or scholarly writing is desired. 
Knowledge of gender studies/queer theor y 
Knowledge of transnational literature 
Knowledge of postmodern fiction/narrative 

Knowledge of digital literature and culture 
Successful achievement of peer-reviewed publication in scholarly journals 
and/or academic presses 

A complete application consists of a cover letter, a CV, three letters of 
reference, and a writing sample consisting of an article or dissertation 
chapter. Cover letter, CV, and writing sample should be uploaded to the 
following URL: http://jobs.uwm.edu/postings/5057 (Writing sample to 
be uploaded under “Other Document 1”) Letters of reference should be 
addressed to: Professor Michael Wilson, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English, PO Box 413, University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, 
Milwaukee WI 53201. The position is opened until filled; review of applications 
will begin November 3, 2010. U WM is an A A/EEO employer. 

U of Wisconsin, Stout 

English & Philosophy, 134 Harvey Hall Menomonie WI 54751 

Assistant Professor of Composition & Literature 14290 

http://www3.uwstout.edu/english/jobpostings.cfm 
COLLEGE OF ARTS, HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCES 
DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH AND PHILOSOPHY 
Tenure-tr ack, ent r y-level a ssist a nt professor posit ion beg inn ing Au


gust 2011. We seek candidates with the potential to become excel lent 
teachers who are interested in teaching courses in Freshman Composition 
and General Education Literature. Expertise in American Literature, Film 
Studies and Digital Humanities is preferred. Willingness to use technology 
in the classroom is essential as we are a laptop campus. Expertise or 
interest in on-line deliver y is desirable. Degree in English or a related 
field; Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. Ph.D. is expected within a year 
of hiring. Scholarship is required for promotion and tenure. Department/ 
university service and student advising are expected. Willingness to pursue 
grants a plus. Menomonie is nestled in the highlands of Western Wisconsin, 
an hour’s drive from Minneapolis/St. Paul. For a more detailed 
description of the position please see our website: http://www3.uwstout 
.edu/english/jobposting s.cfm Employment contingent upon passing a 
criminal background check. Send letter, vita, copies of transcripts, evidence 
of teaching potential and names of three references to Composition 
and Literature Search Committee, Department of English and Philosophy, 
University of Wisconsin-Stout, Menomonie, WI 54751. Application 
must be postmarked by Februar y 18, 2011. No Fax or e-mail applications 
considered. For additional information, contact Dr. Michael Levy, Search 
Committee Chair, at 715-232-1476, levym@uwstout.edu. EEO/AA. 

U of Wisconsin, Superior 

Writing, Reading, & Library Science, Belk nap & Catlin, PO Box 2000 
Superior WI 54880 

Assistant Professor of English, Writing Program 14058 

http://www.uwsuper.edu 
Tenure Track Faculty Position 
Assistant Professor of English, Writing Program 
University of Wisconsin-Superior 
At UW-Superior, inclusive excellence and diversity are valued assets and 


we strive to offer quality programs in an environment of trust and coop


eration that centers on the worth of all individuals. 
Duties: Teach first year writing, business & professional writing course, 
and upper-level wr iting courses. Develop new upper-division wr iting 
courses for the writing minor. As part of load, coordinate writing program 
with emphasis on the first year writing program. 


Qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric/Composition, or in English with a specialization 
in rhetoric/composition, degree completed by June 15, 2011. 
Experience teaching writing courses at the University-level. 


See UW-Superior website at http://www.uwsuper.edu/hr/employment/ 
index.cfm for complete position description and how to apply. Employment 
will require a criminal background check. A A/EOE 


U of Wisconsin, Whitewater 

Langs & Lits, 800 W Main St Whitewater WI 53190 

Assistant Professor in Shakespeare 13972 

http://www.uw w.edu/employment/unclassified.html 
The Universit y of Wisconsin-Whitewater seeks an Assistant Professor 
in Shakespeare, responsible for teaching Shakespeare, the first half of the 
British literature survey, and freshman composition. The candidate is responsible 
for a 12-hour teaching load, including freshman composition 
courses, which include composition and literature. Ph.D. in Shakespeare 
and Renaissance literature and culture in hand by starting date, 24 August 
2011. Salar y dependent on qualifications and experience. Application 
letter, curriculum vitae, 3 recommendations, and copies of transcripts by 
7 January 2011 to Shakespeare Search Committee /Department of Languages 
& Literatures /University of Wisconsin-Whitewater /Whitewater, 
WI 53190-1790. For more information, see http://www.uww.edu/ 
employment/unclassified.html. AA/EEO employer. Finalist background 
check conducted before hire 

U of Wisconsin, Whitewater 

Langs & Lits, 800 W Main St Whitewater WI 53190 

General Humanities 13960 

http://www.uw w.edu/employment/unclassified.html 
University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. Department of Languages and Literatures. 
Full-time tenure-track position beginning 24 August 2011. Generalist 
with broad background in literature and composition. Responsible 
for teaching upper-level general humanities core curriculum course and 
Freshman English courses. Experience teaching composition and literature 
required. PhD in Comparative Literature or Humanities preferred. 
A BD considered with preference given to candidates with graduate or extensive 
undergraduate work in philosophy and/or religious studies. Visit 
www.uw w.edu/employment/unclassified.htm l for position details and 
application instructions. A A/EO employer. Finalist background check 
conducted before hire. 

74 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



U of Wisconsin-Milwaukee 

French, Italian, and Comparative Literature, P.O. Box 413 825 Curtin 
Hall Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant Professor of Religious Studies 13837 

http://www.uwm.edu 
The inter-departmental and interdisciplinar y program in Religious Studies 
at the Universit y of Wisconsin Milwaukee seeks a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor in South Asian religions. Applicants with specialties in all 
historical periods and sub-fields are welcome to apply for this joint position 
between Religious Studies and a humanities or social studies department. 
A completed Ph D or A BD ( PhD completed by August 2011) in 
a humanities or social sciences field is required. Disciplinar y training is 
open. The successful candidate will teach two Religious Studies courses 
per year and, over the years, some combination of: Introduction to Religion, 
theory and methods, research seminar, and South Asian religions. 
The candidate will contribute courses in his/her departmental home as 
well as participate in graduate programs in his/her department. Possible 
departmental homes include: Histor y, Philosophy, Comparative Literature, 
English, and Philosophy. U WM is the urban research campus of 
the Universit y of Wisconsin system, with unique resources such as the 
Center for 21st Centur y Studies. Review of applications will beg in on 
November 10, and w ill continue until f i l led. To learn more about the 
qualifications and to apply for this position, please see http://jobs.uwm 
.edu/postings/5016. A completed application will consist of a letter of application, 
c.v., teaching evaluations, and/or statement of teaching philosophy, 
and writing sample, which will be loaded online; and three letters of 
recommendation, which will be mailed. Candidates should arrange for 
the three letters of application to be mailed to: Prof. Demetrius Williams, 
Religious Studies Program, Universit y of Wisconsin Milwaukee, Box 
413, Milwaukee WI 53201. UW-Milwaukee is an A A/EEO employer. 
We encourage applications from minority and women candidates. 

CAnAdiAn institutions 
McGill U 

English, 853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A 2T6 Canada 

Postdoctoral Fellowship in Shakespeare Studies 14143 

http://www.mcgill.ca 
Postdoctoral Fellowship in Shakespeare Studies 
McGill University 
The Shakespeare and Performance Research Team, Department of En


glish, McGill Universit y, seeks a postdoctora l fellow to join a research 
program (2011–2015) entitled, “Shakespeare and the Play of Story.” The 
program will develop a new, interdisciplinary account of the artistic, social, 
intellectual, and historical dimensions of Shakespearean narrative by 
bringing together theatre history and practice, literar y scholarship, legal 
and historiographical theor y, and theories of subjectivity. 

The Sh a kespeare Tea m is headquar tered at McGi l l a nd a lso includes 
members from Concordia University, Université de Montréal, Université 
du Québec à Chicoutimi, Dawson College, Carleton University, and 
Repercussion Theatre. Among the members of the team are Shakespearean 
scholars such as Michael Bristol, Wes Folkerth, and Paul Yachnin as 
well as theatre scholars and practitioners such as Patrick Neilson, Denis 
Salter, and Myrna Wyatt Selkirk. For the “Play of Story” program, the 
team is joined by a number of scholars in other disciplines, including Susan-
Judith Hoffman (Philosophy), Martin Kreiswirth (English; Theor y), 
Desmond Manderson (Law), Mark Salber Phillips (Histor y), and Marlene 
Sokolon (Political Science). 

The Postdoctoral Fellow’s primar y task will be to develop his or her research 
and publication in consultation and exchange with the members 
of the Shakespeare Team; secondar ily, he or she will ser ve as the postdoctoral 
RA and will work closely with the team leader on planning and 
coordinating team research, workshops, and outreach activities, thereby 

contributing to the program and also gaining professionalization experience. 
The Fellow might also have opportunities to teach in his or her area 
of specialization. 

The start date for the year-long position is August 1, 2011. There is the 
possibility of a one-year renewal. Candidates will have a PhD in Shakespeare 
studies and/or Early Moder n English Literature. The fellowship 
stipend will be approximately $30,000 per annum. Applications, consisting 
of a description of research program, writing sample, and CV must 
be sent by email by March 1 2011 to Paul Yachnin, Tom linson Professor 
of Shakespeare Studies, McGill University at paul.yachnin@mcgill.ca. 
Please arrange for three letters of reference to be sent to the same email 
address by the March 1 deadline. Candidates should ask referees to include 
the candidate’s name on the subject line of the email. 

Note that this Postdoctoral Fellowship is subject to funding. [R] 


McGill U 

Faculty of Arts, 853 Sherbrooke Street West Montreal Que H3A 26A 
Canada 

Canada Research Chair (Tier 2) in Digital Humanities 

http://www.mcgill.ca/arts/ 
The Faculty of Arts at McGill University invites applications for a Canada 
Research Chair (Tier 2) in Digital Humanities. The successful candidate 
will have the academic credentials necessary for a tenure-track appoint


ment as an advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in an appropriate disciplinary 
department. 
Funded by the Government of Canada, Tier 2 Canada Research Chairs 

allow Canadian universities to attract and retain exceptional emerging 
researchers. Chairholders are also eligible for infrastructure support from 
the Canada Foundation for Innovation to help acquire state-of-the-art 
equipment essential to their work. For further information on the CRC 
program, please see http://www.chairs-chaires.gc.ca/. 

We seek a scholar with a proven record of securing external funding to 
support digital humanities initiatives and the ability to build institutional 
capabilit y in this area at McGil l. The successful candidate wi ll have a 
broad understanding of the history, significance, and application of digital 
technologies in one or more substantive areas of the humanities, including 
a demonstrated interest in the development of new digital tools and 
innovative methodolog ies. A long with cr itical ly exploring how digital 
technology can augment the practice of humanities scholarship, the CRC 
in Digital Humanities will advance the role humanities scholarship plays 
in developing our understanding of digital media in one or more of the 
domains of culture: art, literature, film, theatre, sound, architecture, and/ 
or other media or forms of expression. 

Applications should include a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, writing 
samples, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of reference. 
The position star t date is Aug ust 1, 2011. Review of applications wi ll 
begin on February 11, 2011, and will continue until the position is filled. 

PLEASE FORWARD SUPPORTING MATERIALS TO: 
Professor Juliet Johnson 
Associate Dean, Faculty of Arts 
McGill University 
853 Sherbrooke Street West 
Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3A 2T6 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and 

permanent residents will be given priority. McGill University is committed 
to equity in employment and diversity. It welcomes applications from 
indigenous peoples, visible minorities, ethnic m inorities, persons with 
disabilities, women, persons of minority sexual orientations and gender 
identities and others who may contribute to further diversification. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


McMaster U 

English & Cultural Studies, 1280 Main St W, CNH 321 Hamilton ON 
L8S 4L9 CA 

Assistant Professor in Cultural Studies and Gender Studies 14116 

http://www.humanities.mcmaster.ca/~english/ 
The Department of English & Cultural Studies and the graduate program 
in Gender Studies and Feminist Research at McMaster University jointly 
invite applications for a tenure-track appointment in Cultural Studies and 
Gender Studies at the rank of Assistant Professor to commence July 1, 
2011. Specific areas of expertise are open, but might include indigenous 

studies, sexualit y studies, queer studies, visual culture, youth cultures, 
critical race studies, consumer culture, and popular culture. 
The successful applicant’s primar y appointment will be housed in the De


partment of English and Cultural Studies in which tenure, if awarded, 
will be held, but her/his duties will include teaching courses in the interdisciplinary 
Graduate Program in Gender Studies and Feminist Research, 
and the undergraduate Women’s Studies minor. The current minimum 
salary for an Assistant Professor is $60,997 per annum. McMaster is a research-
intensive university. Its Department of English and Cultural Studies 
has both an Honours BA and an MA program in Cultural Studies and 
Critical Theory. Many of the Department’s doctoral candidates are pursuing 
dissertations in the areas of gender studies and cultural studies. The 
new Graduate Program in Gender Studies and Feminist Research offers 
an MA degree and a diploma program for PhD students in a number of 
Humanities and Social Science departments at McMaster. The successful 
candidate will have a PhD and demonstrated excellence in teaching and 
research, with a clearly defined research program and a promising record 
of publication. She or he will be expected to supervise graduate students 
for both the Department of English and Cultural Studies and the Gender 
Studies and Feminist Research Program, and to contribute to the administration 
of both. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a sample 
of writing (e.g., an article or chapter of a book/dissertation—maximum 
25 pages), and a statement of teaching philosophy to: 

Dr. Peter Walmsley and Dr. Susan Fast 
Department of English & Cultural Studies 
McMaster University 
1280 Main Street West 
Hamilton, Ontario L8S 4L9 
Applications received by Januar y 17, 2011, will be assured of full consider


ation. Applicants should arrange for three letters of reference and graduate 
transcr ipts to reach the Department by the same date. A l l documentation 
submitted in support of your application becomes the property of the 
University and is not returnable. 

For further information on the Department of English & Cultural Studies, 
see 
http://www.humanities.mcmaster.ca/~english/ 
For Gender Studies and Feminist Research, see 

http://gsfr.mcmaster.ca/ 
A ll qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canad ians 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. McMaster University is 
strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to 
recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. Accordingly, the University especially 
encourages applications from women, members of visible minorities, 
Aboriginal persons, members of sexual minorities, and persons with 
disabilities. [R] 


Saint Mar y's U 

English, Robie St, McNally Bldg Halifax NS B3H 3C3 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Literature and Culture of the Black Atlantic 14219 

http://www.smu.ca 
The Department of English at Saint Mar y's University invites applications 
for a tenure track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the field of 
Literature and Culture of the Black Atlantic. The successful candidate will 
hold a Ph.D. by the time of appointment. The appointment will begin on 
July 1, 2011, subject to final budgetary approval. The closing date for applications 
is January 14, 2011. Applications should be sent to Dr. Michael 

J. Larsen, Chairperson, Department of English, Saint Mar y's University, 
Halifax, Nova Scotia, B3H 3C3. Further details are available on the University 
website. Interested individuals should go to the Saint Mar y's University 
homepage (www.smu.ca), then go to "Visitors and Community," 
and then to "Employment Opportunities." [R] 
Saint Mar y's U 

English, Robie St, McNally Bldg Halifax NS B3H 3C3 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Modern and Contemporary American Literature and 
Culture 14217 

http://www.smu.ca 
The Department of English at Saint Mar y's University invites applications 
for a tenure track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the field of 
Modern and Contemporary American Literature and Culture. The successful 
candidate will hold a Ph.D. by the time of appointment. The appointment 
will begin on July 1, 2011, subject to final budgetary approval. 
The closing date for applications is January 14, 2011. Applications should 
be sent to Dr. Michael J. Larsen, Chair person, Depar tment of English 
Saint Mar y's University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada B3H 3C3. Further 
details are available on the University website. Interested individuals 
should go the the University homepage (www.smu.ca), then to "Vistors 
and Community," and then to "Employment Opportunities." [R] 


U of Manitoba 

Faculty of Arts, Winnipeg, MB, 53T 2N2 Canada 

Dean, Faculty of Arts 14082 

http://www.umanitoba.ca 
University of Manitoba 
Dean, Faculty of Arts 
The University of Manitoba invites nominations, applications and expres


sions of interest for the position of Dean, Faculty of Arts. 
Located in Winnipeg and founded more than 130 years ago, the University 
of Manitoba is a uniquely comprehensive medical/doctoral institution 
with 24 faculties and schools, where 8,000 faculty and staff serve over 
27,000 students. The University stimulates over $1.8 billion in economic 
activity in the province, and is a leader in Manitoba’s knowledge econ


omy. To learn more about this remarkable university, please visit: www 
.umanitoba.ca. 
The Faculty of Arts is committed to providing an excellent liberal arts ed


ucation to its students, to expanding the frontiers of knowledge through 
research and creative activit y, and to ser ving its com munities through 
outreach. Established as a separate administrative unit in 1970, the Faculty 
of Arts has been awarding degrees in arts since 1921. At present, the Faculty 
houses 23 Departments and Programs, nine Centres and Institutes, 
has 3492 undergraduate and 501 graduate students, and 322 academic and 
support staff. The Dean works with a team of three Associate Deans. 

Reporting directly to the Vice-President (Academic) and Provost, the 
new Dean will be a dynamic and for ward-looking individual, an outstanding 
administrator, and a collaborative and consultative leader. The 
ideal candidate will possess a proven record of scholarly achievement appropriate 
to advancing the faculty’s research, scholarship, and teaching, 

76 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



and will bring credentials as an educator and researcher consistent with an 


appointment to a tenured position as a full professor. 
Review of candidates wil l begin early Januar y 2011, with the appointment 
of the new Dean expected to take place July 1, 2011. Please respond 
in confidence to the address shown below. 


The Universit y of Manitoba is committed to equit y and diversit y. The 
University encourages applications from qualified women and men, including 
members of visible minorities, Aboriginal peoples, and persons 
with disabilities. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, 
Canad ia ns a nd per m a nent resident s w i l l be g iven pr ior it y. Appl 
ication m ater ia ls, i nclud i ng let ter s of reference, w i l l be hand led in 
accordance with the protection and privacy provisions of “The Freedom 
of Information and Protection of Privacy Act” (Manitoba). 


Janet Wright & Associates Inc. 
174 Bedford Road 
Toronto, Ontario M5R 2K9 
umanarts@jwasearch.com 


U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Renaissance/Early Modern Non-Dramatic literature 14189 

http://uwo.ca/english 
The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario (http:// 
w ww.uwo.ca/english/) invites applications for a probationar y (tenuretrack) 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 2011, in 
Renaissance/Early Modern Non-Dramatic literature. Additional expertise 
in a number of approaches to the field are also welcome; these might 
include (but are not limited to) ecocriticism and the history of science, 
gender and sexualit y, postcolonial studies, textua l studies, theor y, and 
visual culture. The completed PhD, or equivalent, and exper ience and 
promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications; published 
work is advantageous. For PhD candidates in the final stages of the thesis, 
supervisors must provide written confirmation of the completion date 
for applications to be considered. Positions are subject to budget approval. 
Applicants should have fluent written and oral communication skills in 
English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians 
and permanent residents will be given priority. The University of 
Western Ontario is committed to employment equity and welcomes applications 
from all qualified women and men, including visible minorities, 
aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. Send letter of application 
with cur r iculum vitae and copies of transcripts, a writing sample, and 
three letters of reference to: Dr. J. Plug, Chair, Department of English, 
The University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7. 
Applications must be received by Februar y 4, 2011. [R] 


overseAs institutions 
American U in Bulgaria 

Office of the Dean, 2700 Blagoevgrad Bulgaria 

Faculty Position in Writing and Literature 14328 

http://www.aubg.bg 
The American University in Bulgaria (AUBG) seeks one or more faculty 
members to join the English writing and literature program. Teaching responsibilities 
include participating in a two semester writing sequence and 
contributing to the development of the literature curriculum. A specialization 
in American literature for one of the positions is a plus, as is the 
ability to explore literary connections between western and other literary 
traditions. A terminal degree is required, teaching experience is highly 

desired, and evidence of scholarly or creative potential is expected. Rank 
is open. 
AUBG is an international, residential, highly selective, liberal arts univer


sity. The average SAT scores for the most recent incoming class is nearly 

1200 and our 1100 students come from 40 different countries. The language 
of instruction is English. The University is fully accredited in both 
the United States and in Bulgaria, where the Ministr y of Education rank 
our graduates as the top in the countr y and each of our academic programs 
was ranked first or second in Bulgaria. (http://rsvu.mon.bg/) 

Candidates should send a letter of application, a CV and the names of 
three references with contact information (including e-mail) to: english@ 
aubg.bg. Electronic submissions are encouraged, but candidates may mail 
application materials to: 

Office of the Dean 
American University in Bulgaria 
Blagoevgrad 2700 
Bulgaria 
Review of applications will begin on Februar y 1, 2011. 
The American University in Bulgaria is committed to a policy of non


discrimination and equal opportunity. [R] 


American U of Beirut 

Faculty of Arts and Sciences, P.O.Box 11– 0236, R iad El-Solh Beirut 
1107 Lebanon 

Assistant Professor of Composition/Rhetoric 13954 

http://www.aub.edu.lb/fas 
The Department of English at the American University of Beirut is seeking 
to fi l l several positions, open rank, including one in Composition/ 
Rhetoric. Candidates with an interest in the Middle East and multilingual 
environments such as Beirut are especially encouraged to apply. 
Applicants must have a PhD at the time of appointment. Positions begin 
September 15, 2011. Appointments are for an initial period of four years. 
The usual teaching load is 3/3. The appointee will be expected to teach 
undergraduate and graduate levels. S/he may also contribute to MA curriculum 
development. Applicants are strongly encouraged to apply electronically 
sending a cover letter, CV, writing sample, sample syllabus and 
three letters of reference to as_dean@aub.edu.lb. Review of materials begins 
December 1, 2010 with interviews at MLA. For more information 
about this position, visit our website at http://w ww.aub.edu.lb/fas The 
American University of Beirut is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 

American U of Beirut 

Faculty of Arts and Sciences, P.O.Box 11– 0236, R iad El-Solh Beirut 
1107 Lebanon 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 13953 

http://www.aub.edu.lb/fas 
The Department of English at the American University of Beirut is seeking 
to fill several positions, open rank, including Creative Writing (Fiction). 
Candidates with an interest in the M idd le East and multilingua l 
environments such as Beirut are especially encouraged to apply. Applicants 
must have a PhD at the time of appointment. Positions begin September 
15, 2011. Appointments are for an initial period of four years. The 
usual teaching load is 3/3. The appointee will be expected to teach undergraduate 
and graduate, as well as general humanities courses. S/he may 
also contribute to MA curriculum development. Applicants are strongly 
encouraged to apply electronically sending a cover letter, CV, writing 
sample, sample syl labus and three letters of reference to as _dean@ aub 
.edu.lb. Review of materials begins December 1, 2010 with interviews 
at MLA. For more information about this position, visit our website at 
http://www.aub.edu.lb/fas The American University of Beirut is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Asian U for Women 

Office of the Provost, 20/G M. M. A li Road Chittagong 4000 
Bangladesh 

DIR ECTOR OF THE ACCESS ACADEMY ENGLISH CURRICULUM 14114 

http://www.asian-university.org 
The Asian University for Women in Chittagong, Bangladesh, seeks applications 
for a Director of Access Academy English Curriculum to oversee 
the composition, reading/wr iting, and gram mar curr iculum in a yearlong 
program that prepares students for a rigorous university education. 

This position, which begins on July 1, includes teaching a reduced load of 
composition courses. 
The successful candidate will hold a Ph.D. in English or R hetoric and 

Composition and will have experience teaching composition. Preference 
will be given to candidates who specialize in writing program administration 
and ESL. 

To apply, please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement 
of philosophy regarding writing program administration, and three references 
to Ms. Tasneem Abedin, Chief of Staff (tasneem.abedin@auw.edu. 
bd). Review of applications will beg in immediately and will continue 
until the position is filled. The AUW offers a competitive package of salar 
y and benefits, including housing, for faculty members, their families, 
and domestic partners. 

Asian U for Women 

Office of the Provost, 20/G M. M. A li Road Chittagong 4000 
Bangladesh 

ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH (COMPOSITION / 
WRITING) 14112 

http://www.asian-university.org 
The Asian University for Women in Chittagong, Bangladesh, seeks applications 
for an Assistant/Associate Professor of English (Composition/ 
Writing), who will teach writing-intensive courses in the university’s core 

curriculum with a 2–2 teaching load. Additional expectations include 
pursuit of scholarly interests and service to the university. 
The successful candidate will hold a PhD in English, a PhD in Rhetoric 

and Composition, or an MFA in Writing and will have experience teaching 
wr iting at the college level. Preference will be given to candidates 
who specialize in ESL or who have experience teaching ESL students. 

To apply, please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of 
teaching philosophy, and three references to Ms. Tasneem Abedin, Chief 
of Staff (tasneem.abedin@auw.edu.bd). Review of applications will begin 
immediately and will continue until the position is filled. The AUW offers 
a competitive package of salary and benefits, including housing, for 
faculty members, their families, and domestic partners. 

Asian U for Women 

Office of the Provost, 20/G M. M. A li Road Chittagong 4000 
Bangladesh 

DIR ECTOR OF THE WRITING CENTER 14113 

http://www.asian-university.org 
The Asian University for Women in Chittagong, Bangladesh, seeks applications 
for a Director of the Writing Center, who will oversee the center’s 

management, envision its future, and teach writing-intensive courses in 
the university’s core curriculum (1–1 teaching load). 
The successful candidate will hold a PhD in English, a PhD in Rhetoric 

and Composition, or an MFA in Writing and will specialize in writing 
center adm inistration and ESL. Preference will be g iven to candidates 
with experience in writing center tutoring or administration or in writing 
program administration. The successful candidate will have leadership 
skills, flexibility, and dedication to teaching writing. 

To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of philosophy 
regarding writing center pedagogy, and three references to Ms. 
Tasneem Abedin, Chief of Staff (tasneem.abedin@auw.edu.bd). Review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position 
is filled. The AUW offers a competitive package of salary and benefits, 
including housing, for faculty members, their families, and domestic 
partners. 

City U of Hong Kong 

Department of English, Kowloon Tong Kowloon NA HK 

Associate Professor/Assistant Professor 

http://www.cityu.edu.hk 
Worldwide Search for Talent 
City University of Hong Kong is a dynamic, fast developing university 


distinguished by scholarship in research and professional education. As a 
publicly funded institution, the University is committed to nurturing and 
developing students' talent and creating applicable knowledge to support 
social and economic advancement. Currently, the University has six Colleges/
Schools. Within the next few years, the University aims to recruit 
200 more scholars in various disciplines from all over the world, including 
science, engineering, business, social sciences, humanities, law, creative 
media, energy, environment, and other strategic growth areas. 


Applications are invited for: 
Associate Professor/Assistant Professor 
Department of English [Ref. C/048/49] 
Duties : Assist in the set up and administration of the f irst-year pro


gramme in composition and professional writing, with main responsibilities 
on curriculum development and coordination. The Department will 
provide strong administrative support to the programme, with an anticipation 
of further hiring to meet the needs of the programme and eventual 
development of an appropriately staffed English-Across-the-Curriculum 
initiative. 


Requirements : A PhD in Engl ish, R hetor ic/Composition or related 
disciplines with a strong and ambitious research agenda. Experience and 
background in the teaching of writing to ESL students is desirable. The 
successful candidate is expected to show a strong capacit y to super vise 
PhD students and train them as teaching assistants. 


Salar y and Conditions of Service 
Remuneration package will be driven by market competitiveness and individual 
per for mance. Excellent fringe benefits include gratuit y, leave, 


medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where applicable). 
Initial appointment will be made on a fixed-term contract. 
Information and Application 
Further information on the post and the University is available at http:// 


www.cityu.edu.hk, or from the Human Resources Office, City University 
of Hong Kong, Tat Chee Avenue, Kowloon, Hong Kong [Fax : (852) 
2788 1154 or (852) 3442 0311/email: hrojob@cityu.edu.hk ]. 


Please send the application with a current curriculum vitae to Dr. Rodney 
Jones, Associate Head, Department of English, City University of Hong 
Kong, or e-mail to "enrodney@cityu.edu.hk". Applications will be considered 
until the position is fi lled. The Universit y reser ves the right to 
consider late nominations and applications, and not to fi ll the position. 
Personal data provided by applicants will be used for recruitment and 
other employment-related purposes. 


City University of Hong Kong is an equal opportunity employer and we 
are committed to the pr inciple of diversit y. We encourage applications 
from all qualified candidates, especially applicants who will enhance the 
diversity of our staff. 


City University of Hong Kong was ranked the 124th among the world's 
top universities and the 15th in Asia according to Times Higher Education 
(2009)/Quacquarelli Symonds (2010). 


http://www.cityu.edu.hk 


78 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



Lingnan U 

Human Resources Office, 8 Castle Peak Road 8 Castle Peak Rd Tuen 
Mun 852 HK 

Assistant Professor (Post: Ref.10/157/MLA) 13907 

http://www.LN.edu.hk 
Lingnan University, a distinctive liberal arts institution in the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, is committed to the provision of quality 
education distinguished by the best liberal arts traditions. Adopting 
a whole-person approach to education, it offers a wide range of honours 
bachelor’s degrees and postgraduate programmes up to the doctoral level 
in the disciplines of arts, business and social sciences. Lingnan University 
is fully committed to the pursuit of excellence in both teaching and re


search. Applications are invited for the following position, which will be 
tenable from mid-August 2011 or by mutual agreement thereafter: 
Assistant Professor (Post: Ref.10/157/MLA) Department of English 
The Department of Eng lish (http://w ww.LN.edu.hk/eng/) of fers an 


Honours Degree prog ramme in Contemporar y English Studies, which 
embraces the study of Contemporar y Literature in English, Applied Linguistic 
Studies and Language Studies. The Department also offers MPhil 
and PhD degrees in English Studies. Along with its sister institutions in 
Hong Kong, in autumn term 2012, Lingnan University will be moving 
from a three-year undergraduate degree to a four-year undergraduate 
degree. As part of that transition, Lingnan will be doubling the current 
two-course, six-credit English language requirement for all undergraduate 
students; and the Department of English will be offering the fourth 
course in that new four-course sequence. The successful appointee will be 
expected to work closely with other members of the Department of English 
as well as the Centre for English and Additional Languages to pilot 
and help develop the new course, and then, during and following implementation 
in autumn 2013, to coordinate the approximately 30 sections 
of the course that will be taught every year. 


General Requirements: 
Applicants should have a PhD degree in English or a closely related field, 
with relevant teaching experience and strong promise of excellence in research. 
We are particularly interested in candidates with one or more of 
the following areas of specialization: new media, digital rhetoric, profes


sional writing/speaking, discourse studies, and applied linguistics. Experience 
teaching non-native speakers of English is desirable. 
Applicants are required to provide information on their research records 


and evidence of quality teaching. Excellent communication and presentation 
skills are essential. Adm inistrative experience will be a distinct 
advantage. The successful appointee is expected to have a strong commitment 
to teaching excellence and services to the Department and the 
Universit y communit y, and to engage actively in qualit y research and 
publication. 


Conditions of Appointment: 
The conditions of appointment will be competitive. Remuneration will 
be com mensurate with qualif ications and experience. Fr inge benef its 
include annual leave, medical and dental benefits, mandator y provident 


fund, gratuity, housing benefits and incoming passage and baggage for the 
eligible appointee. 
Appointment will normally be made on an initial fixed-term contract of 


three years, renewable subject to mutual agreement. 
Application Procedure and Additional Information: 
Please refer to our web site: ht t p://w w w.l n.edu.h k /job -vaca nc ies/ 


acad/10–157 


National Taiwan U 

Drama and Theatre, 1 Roosevelt Rd., Sec. 4 Taipei 106 Taiwan 

Instructor and Assistant Professor of Directing and Western Drama 14176 

http://homepage.ntu.edu.tw/~theatre/e-index.html 
*Western Drama 

1. Field of Specialization: 
(1)Histor y of Wester n drama pr ior to 1800, specialization in the early 
modern period preferred. 
(2)Theories of Western drama. 
2. Position: At the level of assistant professor or above. 
3. Requirements: 
(1)Ph. D. (degree conferred by June 2011) 
(2)English or Mandarin speaking ability required. If English, some proficiency 
of Mandarin is preferred. 
(3)Teaching experience preferred. 
*Directing 
1. Position: At the level of instructor or above. 
2. Requirements: 
(1)Ph. D. (degree conferred by June 2011) or instructor with MA or MFA 
degree 
(2)Mandarin speaking ability required. 
(3)At least 3-year teaching and directing experience preferred. 
*Deadline: Feb. 20, 2011 
*For additional information and application instructions please visit our 
website. 

New Economic School 

Nak himovsky Prospekt 47 Office 1721 117418 Moscow Russia 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English (Writing) 13965 

http://www.nes.ru/en/home/ 
The New Economic School (Moscow, Russia) invites applications for a 
tenure-track position of Assistant/Associate Professor of English ( Wr iting), 
beginning September 2011. Teach academic writing and oral presentation 
in English plus upper-level electives in candidate’s area of expertise. 
Opportunity for innovative teacher to develop a writing-across-curriculum 
program and writing center. Workload: Three courses per year; advising; 
administration. Requirements: Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition, 
Linguistics, English/American Literature, or related field; extensive experience 
teaching writing (preferably, ESL); familiarity with writing centers; 
demonstrated commitment to excellence in teaching and scholarship. 
Applicants should submit CV; personal statement explaining qualifications, 
teaching philosophy, research plans; three letters of recommendation; 
and writing sample. Send materials via email to: Dr. Igor Fedyukin, 
Coordinator of the Languages Search Comm ittee: ifedyukin@ nes.r u. 
Interviews at MLA or via teleconference. Review of applications begins 
November 1, 2010 and will continue until position is fi lled. NES is the 
leading center of economics research in Eastern Europe, with most faculty 
trained in the US and Europe. It offers a stimulating intellectual environment 
and potential collaborations with other leading social sciences and 
humanities research centers. EOE. 

The Australian National U 

College of Arts & Social Sciences, Baldessin Precinct Building 
Canberra ACT 0200 AU 

Professor in European Languages 13878 

http://www.anu.edu.au/ 
The AN U School of Language Stud ies seeks a Professor in European 
Languages to provide leadership and foster excellence in research, teaching 
and professional activities in European Languages; facilitating links 
and partnerships across the University, nationally and internationally. You 
must have a high level of personal commitment to national and interna


tional achievement in European languages, and have the ability to mentor 
and lead research, education, policy and outreach related activities. 
Salar y Package: $139,311AUD pa plus 17% superannuation 
For further details about the position and to submit your application 

please go to 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


http://jobs.anu.edu.au/PositionDetail.aspx?p=1560 
Please direct enquiries to Professor Howard Morphy on 
+61 2 6125 2434 or at howard.morphy@anu.edu.au [R] 


U of Cypr us 

Director of Personnel and Administration, POB 20537 Nicosia Cyprus 

Lecturer/Assistant Professor in European Studies with an emphasis on 
Modern Languages and Literature 14167 

http://www.ucy.ac.cy/goto/hure/en-US/AcademicStaff.aspx 
University of Cyprus/Department of English Studies 
Lecturer/Assistant Professor in European Studies with an emphasis on 

Modern Languages and Literatures and Cultural Theor y 
The Department of English Studies, University of Cyprus, announces a 
position at the rank of Lecturer or Assistant Professor. Appl icants must 
have a PhD in an area of European Studies with an emphasis on Modern 
Languages and Literatures and Cultural Theor y. Native or near-native 
competence in English is required. Proficiency in an additional European 
Language would be an asset. The successful candidate will be expected 
to co-ordinate and contribute to the English component of the new BA 
in Modern Lang uages and European Studies. According to the Law of 
the University of Cyprus, all candidates must have successfully completed 
their PhD degree by the date of application. For additional information 
applicants should consult the University of Cyprus website http://www 
.ucy.ac.cy/goto/hure/en-US/AcademicStaff.aspx [R] 


U of New England 

English, Communication & Theatre, Armidale NSW 2351 2351 
Australia 

Lecturers in English (2 Positions) 13737 

http://www.une.edu.au/recruit/ 
The University of New England is a leader in teaching and research in the 


Arts and Humanities. The School of Arts has an excellent record in English, 
Communication and Writing Studies, and other related disciplines. 
The School is seeking to appoint t wo Lecturers (Academic Level B) in 


English to commence duties at the beginning of Semester 1, 2011 – or as 
soon as possible thereafter. Please indicate the position for which you are 
applying. 


The appointee to the first position must have a PhD in a recognised area 
of Literary Studies in English and demonstrable expertise in Contemporary 
Literature (post-1945), other than Australian Literature. The appointee 
must be able to demonstrate fam il iarit y with new directions in the 
discipline – for example (but not limited to) cultural translation, adaptation 
studies, eco-and/or animal studies approaches to nature/culture. 


The appointee to the second position must have a PhD in a recognised 
area of Wr iting Studies, specifica l ly relating to the theor y and practice 
of rhetoric and/or academic and professional writing, but excluding ESL 
and Creative Writing. The appointee will be expected to coordinate and 
teach introductory courses in composition, literacy preparation for teachers, 
as well as undergraduate/postgraduate coursework units in English 
focused on rhetoric in its various applications. 


The appointees must be able to teach undergraduate/postgraduate coursework 
units in English and supervise Honours and HDR candidates, while 
actively contributing to the School’s research profile. Preference may also 
be given to specialisations that complement the School’s existing research 
interests. 


The School is renowned for its distance education expertise and the successful 
appointees will be expected to contribute to the development and 
flexible delivery of English units, on and off campus, including on-line. 


Ar midale is sur rounded by world heritage national parks, is only two 
hours from the mid-north coast and is a unique regional centre that offers 
all the facilities of a much larger city. Recognised as a centre for culture, 


Armidale is well served with high quality art, music, theatre and educa


tion, both public and private. www.armidaletourism.com.au/ 
Informal enquiries may be directed to the Head of School, ph: +61 2 6773 
2478; or e-mail: artshos@une.edu.au. For further information about the 
School visit www.une.edu.au/arts . 


Salar y: AUD$74,438 to $88,222 per annum (Lecturer level) plus 17% 
employer superannuation and optional salar y packaging 
Closing Date: 8 November 2010 


Reference No: 210/083r 
An application package, including selection criter ia that must be addressed, 
may be obtained from www.une.edu.au/recruit/or by phoning 
Human Resource Ser vices, +61 2 6773 3972. Applications wil l be received 
up to 5pm on the closing date. 


www.une.edu.au 
Equity principles underpin all UNE policies and procedures. 


U of Oxford 

English, St Cross Bldg Manor Rd Oxford OX1 3UQ England 

Departmental Lecturer in English Language 

http://www.english.ox.ac.uk 


A three-year post to provide teaching and research in the field of English 
Language from 1 October 2011 or as soon as possible thereafter. 
The individual w ill be expected to g ive lectures, classes, disser tation/ 


graduate supervision and to assist with assessing for relevant papers of the 
undergraduate and graduate programme. The ability to teach in one or 
more of the following areas will be an advantage: variation and change in 
contemporar y English, British English dialects, global Englishes, structure 
of present day English, English corpus linguistics. 


The successful candidate will have a good record in teaching, research and 
published scholarship in English Language; and should have been awarded 
a doctoral degree in English Language by the time of appointment. 


Further details for the post (and the relevant application forms) are avail


able at: www.english.ox.ac.uk/vacancies or by calling 01865 271 055. 
Appl ications, including a CV, covering letter and application summar y 
sheet should be submitted by e-mail ( preferred) to english.off ice@el l. 
ox.ac.uk or by post to Facult y of English Language and Literature, St 
Cross Building, Manor Road, Oxford, OX1 3UL. 


Closing date: 12 noon, Monday 10 Januar y 2011 [R] 


U of Oxford 

English, St Cross Bldg Manor Rd Oxford OX1 3UQ England 

University Lectureship in American Literature (19th and 20th/21st Century) 
14172 

http://www.english.ox.ac.uk 
The Faculty of English, in association with Linacre College, proposes to 
appoint a University Lectureship (ULNTF) in American literature of the 
19th and/or 20th/21st centuries from 1 September 2011 or as soon as possible 
thereafter. The successful candidate wil l be offered a non-tutor ial 
Fellowship in English at Linacre College. Salar y will be on the Univer


sity’s Academic scale up to a maximum of £57,201 per annum (detailed in 
section 11, below). 
The postholder will be required to provide 36 lectures or classes per year; 


to play a key role in the co-ordination and teaching of the M.St. English 
and American Studies; to undertake undergraduate and graduate examining; 
to undertake graduate supervision; and to undertake up to 6 hours of 
college/tutorial teaching (to be allocated across a range of colleges) or an 
equivalent load. 


The successful candidate will have an excellent record of scholarship, research 
and publications in 19th and/or 20th/21st century American literature; 
will be able to teach and supervise undergraduates and graduates 


ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 
2011 



in American literature in both the 19th and 20th/21st centuries; and will 


possess a doctorate in a related field. 
Further details (which all applications should consult) are available from: 
http://www.english.ox.ac.uk/vacancies or by calling 01865 271 055. 


Applications, including a completed cover sheet/equal opportunities form 
(available with the further details), covering letter, curriculum vitae and a 
list of principal publications, should be sent to the English Faculty Office 
by e-mail (preferred) english.office@ell.ox.ac.uk or by post (English Faculty 
Office, St Cross Building, Manor Road, Oxford, OX1 3UL) by 12 
noon on Wednesday 12 January 2011. [R] 


U of Oxford 

English, St Cross Bldg Manor Rd Oxford OX1 3UQ England 

University Lectureship in English Literature (1740 –1880) 13880 

http://www.english.ox.ac.uk 
The Facult y of Eng lish Lang uage and Literature, in association with 
Keble College, proposes to appoint a University Lecturer in English literature 
in the per iod 1740 to 1880 from 1 October 2011 or as soon as 
possible thereafter. The successful candidate will be offered a Tutorial Fellowship 
in English at Keble College. Salar y will be on a combined Uni


versity and College scale up to a maximum of £57,204 (under review) per 
annum. 
The appointed person is required to provide 36 lectures per year or equiv


alent (in lectures and classes) for the English Faculty; to provide, for ever y 
week of full term, six hours per week of tutorial teaching or equivalent 
for the College; and to undertake examining and graduate supervision. 
The successful candidate wi l l have an excellent record in teaching, research 
and published scholarship in English literature in the period 1740 
to 1880, and will be able to supervise and examine graduates in this field. 
The College requirements for teaching are from 1740 to 1900. The appointed 
person will also be expected to contribute to administration in 
the Faculty and the College. 

Further particulars, which al l applicants should consult, are available 
from: www.english.ox.ac.uk or on request from english.office@ell.ox.ac. 
uk or + 44 1865 271 055. 

Applications should be submitted to english.off ice@ell.ox.ac.uk by 12 
noon on 5 Januar y 2011. [R] 


U of Oxford 

English, St Cross Bldg Manor Rd Oxford OX1 3UQ England 

University Lectureship (CUF) in English (1900-present day) 13881 

http://www.english.ox.ac.uk 
St John’s College invites applications from suitably qualified candidates for 
an Official Fellowship and Tutorship in English with effect from 1st October 
2011 or as soon as possible thereafter. The Fellowship will be held in 

association with a Titular CUF Lecturership in English, to be held in the 
Faculty of English Language & Literature. 
Applications are invited from candidates with research interests in litera


ture in English from 1900 to the present day, and proven teaching competence 
(or the potential for such competence) in literature in English from 
the middle of the eighteenth centur y forward. 

The person elected will provide tutorial teaching to undergraduates for 
up to eight hours each week during full term, and participate in the organisation 
of teaching in English in the College. He or she will share pastoral 
duties and participate in the undergraduate admissions process. The 
appointee will in addition be expected, under the direction of the Faculty 
of English Language & Literature, to give not fewer than sixteen lectures 
or classes in each academic year; to share in University examining as reasonably 
required; to make an appropriate contribution to the supervision 
and teaching of graduate students; to undertake a reasonable share of faculty 
administrative duties and to engage in advanced study or research. 

The stipend will be on a sca le of £42,563 -£57,201 per annum. Additional 
allowances are available. Further particulars, including information 

about how to apply, may be obtained from the Academic Administrator, 
St John’s College, Oxford, OX1 3JD. (email: college.office@sjc.ox.ac.uk), 
or they may be viewed on the College’s web site: http://www.sjc.ox.ac. 
uk. 

The closing date for applications is 30th November 2010. [R] 


U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Nineteenth-Century Anglophone 
Literatures and Cultures 14171 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
Assistant Professor £36,715-£43,840 pa 
Associate Professor £45,155-£52,347 pa 
You will undertake advanced research in an appropriate field of study in 


English and Comparative Literatures; enhance existing research groups in 
an appropriate field and undertake teaching and other academic duties as 
required. 


You will be emerging or have an already established international standing 
in an appropriate field of study in English and Comparative Literatures 
and you will have an appropriate level of teaching experience. 


In exceptional circumstances the University may appoint at professorial 
level should suitable candidates apply. 


Interview date: w/c 21 March 2011 
For further information and to apply online please visit www.warwick. 
ac.uk/jobs [R] 


U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Creative Writing ( fiction and non-fiction) 
14170 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
Assistant Professor-£36,715-£43,840 pa 
Associate Professor-£45,155-£52,347 pa 
You will publish fiction and/or non-fiction in internationally recognised 


outlets; take an active part in joint staff activities including the submission 
of funding applications; enhance existing research groups as a writer 
of fiction and/or non-fiction and undertake teaching and other academic 
duties as required. 


You will be emerging or have an already established international standing 
in an appropriate field of study in English and Comparative Literatures 
and you will have an appropriate level of teaching experience. 


In exceptional circumstances the University may appoint at professorial 
level should suitable candidates apply 


Interview date: w/c 2 May 2011 
For further information and to apply online please visit www.warwick. 
ac.uk/jobs [R] 


U of Warwick 

English and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United 
K ingdom 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Shakespeare, Medieval and Early Modern 
Literature and Culture 14169 

http://www.warwick.ac.uk/jobs 
Assistant Professor £36,715-£43,840 pa 
Associate Professor £45,155-£52,347 pa 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


You will undertake advanced research in an appropriate field of study in 
English and Comparative Literatures; enhance existing research groups in 
an appropriate field and undertake teaching and other academic duties. 


You will be emerging or have an already established international standing 
in an appropriate field of study in English and Comparative Literatures 
and you will have an appropriate level of teaching experience. 


In exceptional circumstances the University may appoint at professorial 
level should suitable candidates apply. 


Interview date: w/c 21 March 2011 
For further information and to apply online please visit www.warwick. 
ac.uk/jobs [R] 


U of Western Sydney 

College of Arts, Locked Bag 1797 Penrith South DC Locked Bag 1797 
Penrith, NSW 1797 Australia 

Research Lecturer in Literature (equivalent to Assistant Professor) 13753 

http://www.uws.edu.au 
The Universit y of Western Sydney, Australia, provides oppor tunities 
to teach and research alongside scholars of international standing in the 
School of Humanities and Languages and many of Australia’s foremost 
novelists and poets, including Gail Jones, Nick Jose and A lexis Wright 
among ot hers i n the Wr it ing a nd Societ y Research Group. Appl ications 
are invited from early career researchers (within 5 years of award of 
PhD) with an established track record in literar y studies. Particular areas 
of interest include: Shakespeare and modern drama, the modern novel, 
Comparative Literature, World Literature, and Literar y Translation. See 
htt ps://uws.nga.net.au/cp/for submission information, position description 
and salary details (reference number 1040/10). Position Enquiries : 
Professor Nancy E. Wr ight nancy.w r ight@ uws .edu.au Closing Date: 
31 October 2010 [R] 


U of Western Sydney 

College of Arts, Locked Bag 1797 Penrith South DC Locked Bag 1797 
Penrith, NSW 1797 Australia 

Research Lecturer in Linguistics (equivalent to Assistant Professor) 13752 

http://www.uws.edu.au 
MARCS Auditory Laboratories and the School of Humanities and Languages 
at the Un iversit y of Western Sydney, Austra lia, provide early 
career researchers (within 5 years of award of PhD) specializing in Linguistics 
with opportunities for collaboration and mentorship by internationally 
recognized researchers, including Professor Denis Burnham, 
Catherine Best, Anne Cutler and Chris Davis. Applications are encouraged 
from scholars with a track record of quality publications in experimental 
and/or computational approaches to psycholinguistics, second 
language acquisition or bilingualism. See https://uws.nga.net.au/cp/for 
submission information, position description and salary details (reference 
number 1039/10). Position Enquiries : Professor Nancy E. Wright nancy 
.wright@uws.edu.au Closing Date: 31 October 2010 [R] 


Yonsei U 

Underwood International College, 134 Shinchon-dong, Sudaemun-ku 
Seoul 120 –749 K R 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 13833 

http://uic.yonsei.ac.kr/ 
The Underwood International College of Yonsei University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of Comparative 
Literature to teach at the international campus in Songdo, Incheon, 
located within the greater Seoul metropolitan region. Candidates should 
have competence in two or more modern or classical European or Asian 
literar y trad itions, and be able to teach a range of courses including a 
“g reat-books” st yle introduction to the humanities. Candidates with a 

research interest in literary theory, cultural studies, or media studies are 

especially encouraged to apply. 
Teaching responsibilities are 6 credit-hours (2 classes) per semester. The 
starting date is either March 2011 or September 2011. Compensation 
includes competitive salar y, health insurance and other benef its, ful ly 
subsidized off-campus housing, and a generous relocation and star t-up 
package. 

Yonsei University's Underwood International College is a highly competitive 
honors program at South Korea's most prestigious private university, 
and combines the intimate atmosphere and low student-faculty ratio of a 
liberal arts college with the resources of a major research university. All 
instruction is in English, and the student body represents over 25 different 
countries. As part of Yonsei University’s continuing effort to increase 
facult y diversit y, we are only accepting applications from non-Korean 
citizens. Interested applicants should send a short letter of application, 
dissertation abstract, and c.v. by email (uic@yonsei.ac.kr) before December 
1st, 2010. Short-listed candidates will then be asked to submit 3 letters 
of recommendation, a writing-sample, and sample syllabi. For additional 
information, please contact Profs. Anthony 

Adler (aadler@yonsei.ac.kr) or Helen Lee (helenlee@yonsei.ac.kr). 
Prospective applicants are also encouraged to look at our website at http:// 
uic.yonsei.ac.kr. 

Zayed U 

Human Resources, Academic City/A l Ruwayyah PO Box 19282 Dubai 
19282 United Arab Emirates 

Instructors, Assistant and Associate Professors, Department of Languages 
13989 

http://www.zu.ac.ae 
University College, Department of Languages, Zayed University 
Abu Dhabi and Dubai 
January & August 2011 
The University 
Zayed University, a premier university in the United Arab Emirates, is an 


innovative institution based on an international model of higher education. 
With over 750 faculty and staff serving approximately 5900 students 
across t wo main campuses – as well as satellite locations-in Abu Dhabi 
and Dubai, the University prepares graduates to become leaders in government, 
business, civil society, and family life. The University expects its 
graduates to be fully bilingual in English and Arabic, proficient in the use 
of computing technology, and strong in quantitative and research skills. 
The language of instruction and administration at the University is English. 


Zayed University is fully accredited in the U.A.E. as well as by the Mid


dle States Commission on Higher Education in the U.S.A. 
The United Arab Emirates is a progressive countr y known for its high 
standard of living and its safe and family-friendly environment. 


The Department 
The Department of Languages is one of five departments within University 
College, which offers to students a high quality foundational liberal 
education, the Colloquy on Integrated Learning. Faculty in the depart


ment help develop the English language competency of students in the 
general education program as well as in the majors of the students’ choice. 
The Opportunity 
The Department of Languages is seeking Instructors, Assistant and Asso


ciate Professors of Linguistics, Rhetoric and Composition, or Teachers of 
English as a Second Language who will be able to contribute to the English 
composition and writing-in-the-disciplines curriculum. 


To Apply 
For more information on the requirements, benefits and to apply, please 
visit our website at www.zu.ac.ae and click on “Careers” to be directed to 
the HR website. 


82 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



The review of applications will begin mid-November and will continue 
until the positions have been filled. 

postdoCtor Al listinGs 
Bowdoin C 

English, 8300 College Stn Brunswick ME 04011 

Post-Doctoral Fellow in English 14008 

http://www.bowdoin.edu/academic-affairs/curriculum-teaching/ 
The Depar tment of English is pleased to accept applications for a two-
year, post-doctoral fellowship in Medieval English literature and culture 
beginning in the fall of 2011. In particular, Bowdoin seeks scholars whose 
research and teaching can connect disciplines across campus. Fellows are 


expected to teach three courses each academic year and contribute new 
courses to the Bowdoin curriculum. 
Applicants for this fellowship must have completed their Ph.D. no ear


lier than January 1, 2009. Candidates who expect their Ph.D. by June 30, 
2011 should provide documentation from their home institution confirming 
this schedule. Applicants must possess a demonstrated commitment to 
excellence in teaching and research. 


The fellowship car ries a stipend of $50,000 plus benef its, as well as a 


$5,000 research and travel fund. 
Bowdoin College accepts only electronic submissions. Please visit https:// 
careers.bowdoin.edu to subm it letter of appl ication, curriculum vitae, 
writing sample, evidence of teaching ability, the names and contact in-
for mat ion for th ree references who have ag reed to prov ide a recommendation, 
and proof of Ph.D. or letter substantiating that all degree 
requirements have been met. 


Review of applications will beg in December 1, 2010. We w il l be conducting 
preliminar y interviews at the Modern Language Association annual 
meeting in Januar y 2011. [R] 


Brown U 

English, 70 Brown St Box 1852 Providence RI 02912 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in English 14269 

http://brown.edu 
Brown University invites applications for a 2-year Postdoctoral Fellowship 
in Postcolonial Literar y and Cultural Criticism, with a specialization 
in Moder n South Asian Literatures and exper tise in theoretical and/or 
methodological debates in the field. This position is funded by the Mellon 
Foundation, to be held jointly at the Cogut Center for the Humanities 
and the Department of English, effective July 1, 2011. Our goal is to appoint 
an exceptional scholar of South Asian postcolonial literature with an 
interest in current debates and a commitment to innovative scholarship 
and teaching. The successful candidate will teach two courses per year 
in the Department of English cross-listed in the Cogut Center's course 
offerings. The fellow will also be affi liated with the Cogut Center and is 
expected to participate in the seminars, lectures, conferences, and other 
research activities of the Center. Ph.D. must be in hand and must have 
been awarded in the last five years. Stipend of $52,000 and $54,080 in 
the 1st and 2nd years respectively, plus benefits and a research budget of 
$2,000 per year. Candidates should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, writing sample, two sample course descriptions, and three letters of 
recommendation to South Asian Postdoctoral Fellow Search, Department 
of English, Box 1852, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912. Applications 
will be reviewed beginning Februar y 15, 2011 and accepted until 
the position is filled. Brown University is an EEO/AA employer. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Brown U 

German Studies, Box 1979, 190 Hope St Providence R I 02912 

Postdoctoral Fellowship in German-Jewish studies 14074 

http://www.brown.edu/Departments/German_Studies/ 
Brown Universit y invites applications for a t wo-year Postdoctoral Fellowship 
in Ger man-Jewish studies focusing on any f ield or combination 
of fields in the humanities, including intellectual and social history, 
during the "long nineteenth centur y," roughly from the 1780s through 
1914. Research and teaching that includes the social or the natural sciences 
is a lso welcome. The successful cand idate w il l teach t wo courses 
per year in the Department of German Studies, cross-listed in the Cogut 
Center's course offerings and other relevant departments and programs. 
The fellow will also be affi liated with the Cogut Center and is expected 
to participate in the seminars, lectures, conferences, and other research 
activities of the Center. The fellowship is open to postdoctora l scholars 
who have received their Ph.D.s from institutions other than Brown 
University within the last five (5) years. Scholars from outside of North 
America are strongly encouraged to apply. The fellow will receive a stipend 
of $52,000 and $54,080 in the first and second years, respectively, 
plus benefits and a research budget of $2,000 per year. Candidates should 
send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a writing sample, and two 
sample course descriptions. Three letters of recommendation should also 
be sent directly to the search committee. Brown University is an EEO/ 
A A employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Review 
of applications will begin on Februar y 1, 2011 and will continue until the 
position is filled. For further information or to apply by email, contact: 
wendy_ perelman@brown.edu (subject line: "German-Jewish Postdoc") 
or send application materials to: Wendy Perelman German Studies Box 
1979 Brown University Providence, Rhode Island 02912 

Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 5000 Forbes Av Baker Hall 259 Pittsburgh PA 15213 

A.W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 13824 
http://www.cmu.edu/hss/english/ 
Carnegie Mellon University, with the generous support of the Andrew 


W. Mellon Foundation, is pleased to accept applications for t wo A.W. 
Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities for the 2011–2013 
academic years. These fellowships are designed to foster the academic careers 
of scholars who have recently received their Ph.D. degrees by permitting 
them to pursue their research while gaining mentored experience 
as teachers and members of one of Carnegie Mellon’s four humanities 
departments (English, History, Modern Languages, and Philosophy) in 
which they will be housed. 
The Department of English is interested in candidates whose research focuses 
on either (1) performance theory in the contexts of cultural studies 
and/or rhetorical studies, or (2) an area of discourse analysis or sociolinguistics 
as it intersects with one or more of the following subfields in English/
rhetoric/communication studies: language and culture, language 
of new/digital media or film, rhetoric of race, intercultural rhetoric, language 
change. 

Terms of appointment 
Fellows will teach two courses in their home department(s) in each year 
of their residency. They will have the opportunity to teach in their existing 
areas of expertise to prepare themselves for a competitive academic 
job market. Fellows will be encouraged to take part in the many cross-
departmental colloquia, conferences, or seminars though the university’s 

Humanities Center, the Center for the Arts in Societ y, and the undergraduate 
Humanities Scholars Program. 
A 2011–2013 Fellow will receive an annual stipend of $50,000 plus ben


efits, an annual research allowance of $2,500, and, for the first year of the 
appointment, three summer months salary. 

Application and selection process 
Applicants for the 2011–2013 fellowships must have completed a Ph.D. no 
earlier than Januar y 1, 2009. Candidates who do not yet hold a Ph.D. but 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


expect to by June 30, 2011 should supply a letter from their home institu


tion corroborating such a schedule. 
Applications for the 2011–2013 fellowships for those wishing to be based 
in English must be received in the Administrator's office by Februar y 1, 
2011. Incomplete dossiers will not be reviewed. Candidates should submit 
a cover letter, CV, personal statement (of no longer than 2000 words) 
outlining their complete research (including dissertation), work in progress, 
professional goals and plans for publication, proposed major field(s) of 
teaching, and the Carnegie Mellon department in which you would want 
to be based, and three letters of reference. (Note: reference letters may be 
sent with the candidate’s application materials in sealed signed envelopes 
or directly by the referees.) 


Fellowship applications and departmental requests to house a fellow will 
be evaluated by Carnegie Mellon’s Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship Advisory 
Committee, in consultation with the Dean and Associate Dean of 
the College of Humanities & Social Sciences. Strong fellowship applications 
will be circulated to relevant departments. 


Should you have questions, please direct them to hssdean@andrew.cmu 


.edu. 
All application materials and other correspondence should be addressed 
to: 


Administrator, A.W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships 
College of Humanities and Social Sciences 
Office of the Dean 
Carnegie Mellon University 
Baker Hall 154 
5000 Forbes Avenue 
Pittsburgh, PA 15213 [R] 


Carnegie-Mellon U 

Humanities Center, C of Humanities & Social Sciences Pittsburgh PA 
15213 

Residential Fellowships in the Humanities 14098 

http://www.hss.cmu.edu/humanitiescenterlFellowship.html 
Residential Fellowships in the Humanities 
2011·2012 
The Humanities Center at Carnegie Mellon University is offering a resi


dential fellowship, junior or senior, as part of its yearlong program entitled 
"Imagining Planetarity." Candidates for the junior fellowship must have 
the Ph.D. in hand at the time of application. Candidates for the senior 
fel lowship must have a record of scholarship in an area relevant to the 
themes. The fellowships include stipends of $35,000-$40.000 and an office 
with a computer. Please go to www.hss.cmu.edu/humanitiescenterlFellowship.
html for further information and application instructions. Deadline 
for applications: Must be received by January 15, 2011. 

CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY IS AN EOE/AAEMPLOYER 
COMMITTED TO DIVERSITY 

Drew U 

English, 36 Madison Av Sitterly 107 Madison NJ 07940 

Post Doctoral Fellow in Writing 1394 4 

http://depts.drew.edu/engl/ 
Drew University, a selective liberal arts col lege 30 miles outside New 
York City, seeks applications for one or more Post-Doctoral Fellowships 
to join two Fellows hired in 2010. These Fellowships are designed to provide 
teaching and administrative experience for candidates with a recent 
PhD in composition/rhetoric and a desire to build a career at a small to 
mid-size undergraduate or liberal arts college. Fellows teach a 2–2 equivalent, 
including Col lege Wr iting (class size 12–14) and Wr iting Center 
hours; and select an administrative area to help plan and administer 
(College Writing sequence, writing across the curriculum and writing in 

the disciplines, Writing Center, or assessment). PhD by September 2011, 
strong teaching record, and evidence of scholarly potential required. 
Cover letter and CV to Sandra Jam ieson, English Depar tment, Drew 
University, Madison NJ 07940 by December 1. In order to enrich education 
through diversity, Drew University is an AA/EO employer. [R] 


Emory U 

Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry, 1635 North Decatur Road Atlanta 
GA 30322 

Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Poetics 13891 

Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Poetics 
The Bill and Carol Fox Center for Humanistic Inquir y 
Emory University 
The Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry at Emor y University is accept


ing applications for one Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Poetics for an academic 
year of study, teaching, and residence in the Center. Funded by a 
Challenge Grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the 
Fellowship highlights the importance of the ongoing critical, theoretical, 
and creative engagements with poetry across Emory University, as well 
as marking the emergence of the Robert W. Woodruff Library’s Manuscripts, 
Archives, and Rare Books Library (MAR BL) as a major center for 
research in poetry. The deadline for submission of completed applications 
is February 18, 2011; awards will be announced in mid-April 2011. Application 
forms and further information are available from the Fox Center 
for Humanistic Inquiry at 404-727-6424 or fchi@emory.edu, on the 
web at www.chi.emory.edu, or write to: FCHI, Emor y University, 1635 
North Decatur Road, Atlanta, GA 30322. 

Emory U 

Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry, 1635 North Decatur Road Atlanta 
GA 30322 

Post-Doctoral Fellowships 13886 

http://www.chi.emor y.edu 
Post-Doctoral Fellowships 
The Bill and Carol Fox Center for Humanistic Inquir y 
Emory University 
The Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry at Emory University is accepting 

applications for three Post-Doctoral fellowships for an academic year of 
study, teaching, and residence in the Center. The deadline for submission 
of completed applications is February 18, 2011; awards will be announced 
in mid-April 2011. Application forms and further information are available 
from the Fox Center for Humanistic Inquir y at 404 -727-6424 or 
fchi@emory.edu, on the web at www.chi.emory.edu, or write to: FCHI, 
Emory University, 1635 North Decatur Road, Atlanta, GA 30322. 

Hendrix C 

English, 1600 Washington Av Conway AR 72032 

Fellow in Literature and the Environment 13932 

Hendrix College seeks applicants for a two year post-doctoral fellowship 
in narrative and other representations of the environment. The successful 
candidate will have primary interest in literature (and ecocriticism); experience 
in fi lm, theatre, or visual arts, is particularly welcome. The fellow 
will teach two to three courses per year and is expected to devote 50% of 
time to professional activities including research, publication, and campus 
community engagement of issues related to the specialty. The fellow will 
enhance the growing Environmental Studies Program by participating in 
the development of new courses and curricular initiatives. This fellowship 
was funded by a grant to the Associated Colleges of the South from The 
Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. 

The application should include a letter addressing the candidate’s interest 
in teaching in a demanding yet supportive liberal arts environment, a 

84 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation (including e-mail addresses 
and phone numbers), and transcripts of al l graduate and undergraduate 
work. Application materials should be sent to Dr. Joyce Hardin, 
Biolog y Department, Hendrix College, 1600 Washington Ave, Conway, 
AR 72032. Review of applications will begin December 1, 2010. Interviewing 
will take place at MLA and by phone. 

Hendrix is a distinguished liberal arts college with an endowment of $145 
million, sheltering a chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, located in Conway, Arkansas, 
thirty miles from Little Rock at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains. 
The College, related to the United Methodist Church, has a strong 
commitment to excellence in teaching liberal arts. Hendrix is an equal 
opportunity employer. Members of minority groups and women are especially 
encouraged to apply. Please visit our website at w w w.hendrix 
.edu. [R] 


Kenyon C 

Office of the Associate Provost, Edelstein House Gambier OH 43028 

Mellon Post-doctoral Fellowship in International Studies 14063 

http://www.kenyon.eud 
Kenyon College announces a competition for the Kenyon Mellon Postdoctoral 
Fellowship in International Studies. This fellowship is intended 
to complement the College's Yarbrough Dissertation Fellowship program, 
http://http://www.kenyon.edu/x37180.xml. The post-doctoral program 
creates a two-year teaching fellowship in the humanities or humanistic 
socia l sciences for holders of PhD's who come from under-represented 
and disadvantaged backgrounds. The program seeks to attract recent recipients 
of doctoral degrees whose research focus is in international fields 
of study, including comparative or cross-cultural scholarship. The fellowship 
program places its greater emphasis on the Fellow's teaching while 
encouraging mentorship of junior faculty, like the dissertation fellows, as 
well as allowing time for research activities. The Fellow will be expected 
to teach five (5) courses over the term of the fellowship, including one (1) 
course that incorporates the teaching of writing as practiced in the disciplinary 
field(s) of the Fellow. Other potential and desirable course offer


ings include a course on qualitative methods and a class designed for first 
year students as an introduction to global exploration and engagement. 
Kenyon College, located on an idyllic campus in the beautiful village of 

Gambier (50 miles NE of Columbus), enrolls approximately 1650 students 
and is ranked in the top tier of national liberal arts colleges. Kenyon prides 
itself on its reputation as an excellent teaching environment enriched by 
small classes, close contact with highly motivated and engaged students 
and an excellent faculty of dedicated teacher scholars. 

For more specific information regarding this fellowship and for application 
instructions please visit: www.kenyon.edu/x27112.x ml. To learn 
more about Kenyon, visit: www.kenyon.edu. 

Review of applications will begin February 1, 2011 and continue until 

the position is filled. 
Kenyon College is an Equal Opportunit y Employer. It is the Col lege's 
policy to evaluate qualified applicants without regard to age, ancestr y, disability, 
national or ethnic origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, 
marital status, political belief or activity, or status as 

a veteran. Kenyon welcomes diversity and encourages applications from 
women and minority [R] 


Lebanon Valley C 

English, 101 College Av Humanities Bldg, 2nd Fl Annville PA 17003 

One-Year, Full-Time Teaching Fellowship, Department of En glish 14130 

http://www.lvc.edu 
The Department of English at Lebanon Valley College inv ites applications 
for a one-year, full-time teaching fellowship starting August 2011. 
The successful candidate will teach three courses in the fall semester and 
four courses in the spring. Teaching responsibilities will include composition, 
American literature surveys, and African-American literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with a specialization in the latter. The 

fellow wil l receive $35,000 (nine-month salar y), medical benefits, and 
$750 for professional travel. Applicants must have attained ABD status or a 
recent Ph.D., and have experience in college-level teaching. 

Nestled on 340 acres in Annville, Pa., LVC offers 34 undergraduate majors, 
four minors, and five pre-professional programs. Founded in 1866, 
today the College has 1,600 full-time undergraduate students. LVC ranks 
2nd in “Great Schools, Great Prices” among best baccalaureate colleges, 
according to U.S. News & World Report. 

Electronic versions of letters of application along with curriculum vitae, 
statements, or teaching philosophy, summary of teaching evaluations (if 
available), and three letters of recommendation should be submitted to 
work@lvc.edu. Review of materials will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. EOE 

Massachusetts Inst of Technology 

School of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences, Bldg E-51 255 77 
Massachusetts Ave Cambridge MA 02139 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 13782 

The Massachusetts Institute of Technolog y (MIT) seeks applications for 
the Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities. Two Mellon fellows 
will be selected for a two-year appointment, effective July 1, 2011. 
Fellows will teach one course in Spr ing 2011 and one per semester the 
follow ing year. Applicants should have received their Ph.D. no earlier 
than July 1, 2008 and no later than July 1, 2011. The successful candidates' 
work wil l be truly interdisciplinar y in nature, within the humanities, 
or bridging from the humanities to science, technology, or architecture. 
Detailed infor mation regarding application mater ials and how to apply 
can be found here: http://shass.mit.edu/graduate/mellon_postdoctoral_ 
fellowship Applications must be received by Tuesday, Januar y 18th. Late 
or incomplete applications will not be considered. For more information 
please contact Kiley Clapper at shass-mellon@mit.edu or at 617.253.8961 
MIT is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer 

Princeton U 

Prog in Law and Public A ffairs, Robertson Hall 416A Princeton NJ 
08544 

2011–2012 LAPA Fellowships 13822 

http://lapa.princeton.edu 
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY 
PROGRAM IN LAW AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS 
FELLOWSHIPS 
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY’S PROGRAM IN LAW AND PUBLIC 


AFFAIRS (LAPA) invites outstanding faculty, independent scholars, lawyers, 
and judges to apply for residential fellowships for the academic year 
2011–2012. 


We anticipate naming up to six Fellows who are engaged in substantial research 
on topics broadly related to legal studies, including one Microsoft/ 
LAPA Fellow specializing in intellectual property or the legal regulation 
of the economy and one Mellon/LAPA Fellow in law and the humanities. 


Successful candidates will devote an academic year in residence at Princeton 
engaging in their own research and in the intellectual life of the Program. 


Applicants must have a doctorate, JD or an equivalent postgraduate de


gree. 
The application dead line is 5:00 PM ( EST) MONDAY, NOV EM BER 
8, 2010 


For more information and to apply online, visit the LAPA website at 


http://lapa.princeton.edu. 
Princeton University is an equal opportunity employer and complies with 
applicable EEO and affirmative action regulations. 


MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


LAPA is co-sponsored by the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International 
Affairs, the University Center for Human Values, and Princeton 
University 

Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Postdoctoral Fellowships, African American Literature 14157 

http://english.rutgers.edu 
The Department of English at Rutgers University, which has a long history 
of scholarship and teaching in African American Literature and Lit


erature of the African Diaspora, announces two postdoctoral fellowships 
for scholars pursuing research in these fields. 
Applicants must have the doctorate in hand at the time of application and 


be no more than six years beyond the Ph.D. 


The fellowship is for the 2011–2012 academic year and includes a salar y of 
$45,000, health benefits, and a $2,000 research stipend. 
Each recipient will teach one course, serve as an informal mentor to grad


uate students in the field, and participate in the intellectual life of the de


partment. 
Please send letter of interest, c.v., dossier with at least three letters of reference, 
and research proposal to: 


Professor Cheryl A. Wall, Postdoctoral Search Committee 
Department of English, Murray Hall 
Rutgers University 
510 George Street 
New Brunswick, NJ 08901. 
The deadline for applications is February 1, 2011. [R] 


Saint Louis U 

English, 3800 Lindell Blvd Humanities Bldg, Rm 127 St Louis MO 
63108 

Postdoctoral Teaching Fellow 13994 

http://slu.edu 
The English Depar tment and the M icah Program of Saint Louis University, 
a Catholic Jesuit institution dedicated to excellence in research, 
teaching, and health care, seek appl icants for a t wo-year Postdoctora l 
Teaching Fellowship. 2/2+1 teaching load: the Fellow will teach two English 
courses each semester plus a one-credit course in vocational exploration 
in the spring. About half the Fellow's teaching will be with students 
in the Micah Program, a nationally visible residential learning community 
for undergraduates that focuses on urban studies, social justice, and 
service among the poor and disadvantaged. For the English Department, 
the Fellow will teach undergraduate core courses (The Bible and Literature, 
The Cit y in Literature), and advanced courses in the major (such 
as Religion and Culture and a course in the Fellow's specialty). For the 
Micah Program, the Fellow will teach introductory writing courses that 
focus on urban and social problems, and wil l interact w ith representatives 
of 15 other Un iversit y depar tments and prog rams that participate 
in its Urban Project, a research and teaching collaboration focused on 
the megacities projected to arise around the world by 2050. Evidence of 
teaching excellence required. Ph.D. by time of appointment. Start date: 
August 2011. Salar y: $38,000 plus benefits. Candidates should provide a 
letter of application, c.v., list of academic references, and a writing sample 
(15–20 pages). All applications must be filed online at http://jobs.slu.edu. 
Inquiries may be sent to Dr. Donald Stump, Professor of English and Director 
of the Micah Program (stump@slu.edu). Applications are due by 
December 6, 2010. Interviews at MLA. Saint Louis University is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer (AA/EOC), and welcomes 
applications from women and members of minority groups. [R] 


U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637 

Sawyer Postdoctoral Scholar 14006 

http://around1948.uchicago.edu 
The Sawyer Seminar on "Around 1948: Interdisciplinary Approaches to 
Global Transformation" at the University of Chicago invites applications 
for a residential Postdoctoral Scholar position at the Franke Institute for 
the Humanities for the academic year 2011–12. For fullest consideration, 
complete application materials are due by Tuesday, March 1. This research 
position carries a salar y of $50,000 per year. The Postdoctoral Scholar organizes 
and leads the bi-week ly workshop and may offer a one-quarter 
research seminar in his/her area of expertise in the relevant department. 
Applicants must have filed their Ph.D. between 7/1/06 and 7/1/11, and 
may not hold any other appointment during the period of the fellowship. 
Application includes a brief statement detailing research goals and relation 
to the agenda of the Sawyer Seminar (-500-1000 words); a current writing 
sample of up to 35 pages; and a CV, including names & contact information 
of three references. Additional information: http://around1948. 
uchicago.edu. The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 

U of Notre Dame 

Medieval Institute, 715 Hesburgh Library Notre Dame IN 46556 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Medieval Studies at the University of Notre 
Dame 14253 

http://www.nd.edu/~medinst/funding/funding.html#mellon 
The Medieval Institute offers a Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship for a junior 
faculty scholar in Medieval Studies. The fellowship permits a young 
facult y member in any f ield of medieval studies to pursue research in 


residence at Notre Dame's Medieval Institute during the academic year 
2011–12. 
Though the Fellowship carries no teaching responsibilities, we expect the 


Fellow to participate in the intellectual life of the Institute and its multidisciplinar 
y activities. The Fellow will have an office in the Medieval 
Institute, full librar y and computer privileges, and access to the Institute's 
research tools. The Fellow will be expected to reside in South Bend. 


At the conclusion of the Fellow's residency, three senior scholars are invited 
to campus for a half-day, public seminar discussion of the Fellow's 
research. The Fellow is encouraged to invite leading researchers who can 
cr itique a draft version of the Fellow's work and of fer advice on issues 
arising out of the work. The panelists spend additional time with the Fellow 
in one-to-one conversation and close reading of the draft. 


Eligibility: 
Mellon scholars MUST hold a tenure-track appointment at a U.S. institution 
and plan to return to their institution following their fellowship 
year. Applicants must have the Ph.D. in hand as of the application date 


and must not be more than five years beyond the Ph.D. at the time of application. 
Stipend: $40,000 (paid directly to Fellow’s home institution) 
Application deadline: Februar y 15, 2011 
Application procedure: 
See details regarding the project proposal, information sheet, references, 


etc. on the Medieval Institute’s web site: http://ww w.nd.edu/~medinst/ 
funding/funding.html#mellon 


86 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



U of Oxford 

English, St Cross Bldg Manor Rd Oxford OX1 3UQ England 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship (Sociolinguistics) 13979 

http://www.english.ox.ac.uk 
A one-year research and teaching appointment in Sociolinguistics from a 

date to be arranged between Januar y 2011 and October 2011 for an outstanding 
academic at an early stage of his or her career. 
This fellowship is funded by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation as part 

of a wider Oxford University initiative which is designed to provide an 
intensive and supported career development opportunity for outstanding 
academics at an early stage of their career; and to promote equality of opportunity 
by helping to create a more diverse pool of potential candidates 
for future academic posts at Oxford. 

Applicants must have obtained his or her doctorate by the date of taking 
up the post, and should not normally have completed it earlier than 1 October 
2007. The post is open to applicants working in any area of sociolinguistics, 
but we would particularly welcome applications from those with 
interests in language contact, creole linguistics or the varieties of English 
used in postcolonial settings. 

This post is a joint appointment between the Faculty of English and the 
Faculty of Linguistics, Philology and Phonetics. A college association will 
be arranged for this post, and it is envisaged that the postholder will be 
based in the college, but will undertake teaching for both Faculties and 
for the College. 

For further details, information about how to apply and an application 
form, please visit: http://www.english.ox.ac.uk/news-and-events/current-
vacancies.html 

Closing date: 12noon Thu 9 December 2010 [R] 


U of South Florida 

English, 4202 E. Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Postdoctoral Scholarships 13804 

http://www.grad.usf.edu 
Renewable Postdoctoral Scholarships for 2011–12 beginning August 8. 


Teaching 1–1. Salar y $40,000. Doctoral degree 2008 or later. Candidates 
who defend dissertations by May 1, 2011 considered. 
Application should include: 


1. Letter stating interest. Say (i) How your research and teaching would 
contribute to theme “Global Change: Past, Present, Future.” Possible subtopics 
include technology and information; communication and language 
development; cultural diasporas; ethnicity, gender, and aging issues; cultural 
heritage and identity; peace and conflict; injury; ethics; and human 
rights. (ii) How you would contr ibute to goals of USF Strategic Plan 
( http://www.ods.usf.edu/plans/strategic/). (iii) Department with which 
you would like to be affi liated. (iv) Teaching experience and courses you 
would like to offer. (v) Your long-term goals. 
2. A curriculum vitae. 
3. Two reference letters. 
4. Scanned copies of up to three published papers. 
5. Scanned copies of all transcripts. 
Send by December 10 to: 
USF Graduate School at postdoc@grad.usf.edu 
See http://www.grad.usf.edu for full information. 
USF is an Equal Oppor tunit y, A f f irmative Action, and Equal Access 
employer. [R] 


U of Southern California 

Office of the Provost, 3601 Watt Way, GFS-315 CUB-325 Los A ngeles 
CA 90089 

Provost's Postdoctoral Scholars in the Humanities 14060 

http://grad.usc.edu/postdocapp 


The University of Southern California invites applications for the Provost’s 
Postdoctoral Scholars Program in the Humanities. 
Appointments are for two years, with a start date of August 15, 2011. Pro


vost’s scholars will teach three courses over four semesters, with one semester 
free for full-time research. They are expected to reside in the Los 
Angeles area during the academic year and to participate in the scholarly 
life of the host department and the university through seminars and other 
scholarly activities. The sa lar y is $50,000 per year plus fringe benefits, 
with a research and travel account of $6,000 per year. 


Candidates may choose one of the following programs as their proposed 
host department: American Studies, Art History, Classics, Comparative 
Literature, Critical Studies (Cinema), East Asian Languages and Cultures, 
English, French, Histor y, Ling uistics, Musicolog y, Philosophy, Slavic 
Languages and Literatures, and Spanish and Portuguese. 


Candidates must have received the Ph.D. no earlier than July 1, 2007 and 
must have the degree in hand by July 1, 2011. The program expects to 
make five to eight postdoctoral awards per year. 


Application guidelines are available at the program website: http://grad 


.usc.edu/postdocapp . 
The application deadline is Februar y 1, 2011. Inquir ies: Vice Provost 
Sarah Pratt at vpgp@usc.edu. 


Villanova U 

Villanova Center for Liberal Education, 104 Saint Aug ustine Center 
Villanova PA 19085 

Arthur J. Ennis Post-doctoral Teaching Fellowship 14181 

http://www.villanova.edu/artsci/vcle 
The Villanova Center for Liberal Education seeks scholars in the Humanities 
to apply for the Arthur J. Ennis, OSA Post-doctoral Teaching Fel


lowship, starting in the Fall Semester 2011. This is a one-year fellowship 
renewable for up to three years. 
Villanova is a Roman Catholic University sponsored by the Augustinian 

Order. An AA/EEO employer, Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed 
to scholarship, service, and especially teaching, who understand, respect, 
and can contribute to the University’s mission and values. 

Duties and Responsibilities: Ennis fellows teach three courses of the Augustine 
and Culture Seminar each semester, a two semester writing intensive 
interdisciplinary seminar program, required of all first year students. 
Each class is capped at sixteen students. The students are expected to write 
a minimum of thirty pages a semester. Fellows participate in the Center’s 
faculty development program as well as the Center’s lecture series. There 
are no other service requirements. 

Applicants must apply on-line at http://jobs.villanova.edu. All material 
must be received by February 1, 2011. Questions about the position can 
be directed to Dr. Mar ylu Hi l l, Director, Villanova Center for Liberal 
Education at mar ylu.hill@villanova.edu. 

Minimum Qualifications: Candidates must have a Ph.D. in a Humanities 
discipline, a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching in the Humanities, 
and an interest in teaching the thought and influence of Augustine. 


Statement of teaching philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, 
official g raduate and undergraduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
writing samples, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. 

MLA JOB INFOR MATION LIST 


Wesleyan U 

Ctr for the Humanities, Middletown CT 06459 

ANDR EW W. MELLON POSTDOCTOR AL Fellowship 14065 

http://www.wesleyan.edu/chum 
Scholars who have received their Ph.D. degree after June 2008 in any 
field of inquir y in the humanities or humanistic social sciences-broadly 
conceived-are invited to apply for a postdoctoral fellowship, made possible 
through a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation to Wesleyan 
Universit y. The purpose of this Fellowship is to provide scholars 
who have recently completed their Ph.D.'s with free time to further their 


own work in a cross-disciplinar y setting, and to associate them w ith a 
distinguished faculty. 
A full descriptions of this position is available at available at http://www 


.wesleyan.edu/chum/post_doc_fellowship.html. 
Appl icants must apply on line. Go to http://www.wesleyan.edu/chum/ 
post_doc_fel lowsh ip.htm l and fol low links to the on line application. 
Mailed, emailed or faxed applications will not be accepted. [R] 


Westminster C 

English, Salt Lake City UT 84105 

Post-Doctoral Fellow in English or Related Field 14235 

http://www.westminstercollege.edu 
Westminster College is dedicated to providing new PhDs with opportunities 
to develop proficiency in the learning paradigm and to providing a 
diverse academic environment for its students. To that end, Westminster 
has created the Westminster Teaching Fellows program to attract and support 
promising post-doctoral scholars from various backgrounds whose 

life experience, research experience, and employment background will 
contribute significantly to the academic excellence of the College. 
Westminster College’s commitment to diversity and internationalization 

is revealed in its core values, mission and vision statements, and learning 
goals. The college’s most recent strategic plan includes a commitment to 
investing in programs, facilities, and people that are critical to the college’s 
ability to realize its long-range vision to prepare students for success 
in a diverse, global society. We strongly encourage applications from candidates 
who are from groups that have been historically underrepresented 
in higher education to apply. 

We seek candidates who will flourish in a Learning Paradigm environment 
and who will help the College provide an inclusive learning environment 
for our increasingly diverse student body, integrate diversity 
issues into the curriculum and/or provide a focus on global consciousness 
in the curriculum. 

• In addition to teach ing responsibilit ies, Fel lows wi l l par t icipate in 
a year-long facult y development program that includes o Monthly discussion 
groups focused on a topic related to the lear ning paradigm o 
Classroom observations by experienced faculty at least once a semester, 
followed by constructive with feedback and discussion o Videotaping of 
one class for personal review o Participation in the Diversity Dialogue 
Faculty and Staff Teaching & Learning Community 

• Fellows will be assigned a faculty mentor throughout their fellowship 
• Fellows will be able to participate in regular on-campus Westminster 
faculty development activities 

• Second Year Fellows will have the opportunity to teach in Learning 
Communities with experienced faculty 

• Second Year Fel lows wi l l par ticipate in employment “readiness” opportunities 
including: o Mock interview o Mock research presentation o 
Mock teaching presentation 
• Reg ular 24 -hour teaching load (may include underg raduate research 
options), which usually translates into a 3–3 load. 

• Two year appointment with the possibility of a third year extension. 
• Appointment will be reviewed annually by program chair and appropriate 
dean. 
• Fellowship recipients must provide proof of authorization to work in the 
United States. Visa sponsorship will not be considered for these Fellowships. 


• Requirements: Ph.D. in Eng lish or related f ield. Field is open. Dissertation 
completed in the past two years or completed by June 1, 2012. 
Successful applicants will be expected to teach English Composition and 
Introduction to Literature courses. Ability to teach creative writing a plus. 
• Please submit a letter of application detailing the reasons for applying for 
the fellowship; curriculum vitae; three letters of reference from individuals 
familiar with your scholarly work and teaching potential; and a writing 
sample. 

• Send all materials to Jaime Glauser, Adm inistrative Assistant to the Dean 
of Ar ts and Sciences, Westminster College, 1840 South 1300 East, Salt 
Lake City, UT 84105 or jglauser@westminstercollege.edu. All materials 
must be received by February 10, 2011. 

88 ENGLISH EDITION • F 
EBRUA 
RY 
2011 



