MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION 
J 
JJ
OB 
I 
II
NFORMATION 
L 
LL
IST 
Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 
CONTENTS 
Accessing the Electronic JIL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . inside front cover 
Information for Candidates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i 
List of Administrations Censured by the AAUP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ii 
Departmental Job Listings 
US Colleges and Universities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 
Department Chairs/Deanships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24 
Linguistics and ESL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26 
Nonacademic Listings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27 
Overseas Institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28 
Postdoctoral Listings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28 
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION 
The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The cost of 
an online-only subscription is $38. The cost of a print-only subscription is $50 in the United States and Canada and 
$70 elsewhere. The cost of a subscription to both online and print versions is $70 in the United States and Canada and 
$90 elsewhere. The List is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all 
other areas; delivery should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are 
projected dates only and are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 
February issue 14 February 2005 
April issue 15 April 2005 
Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 


ACCESSING THE ELECTRONIC JIL 

An online version of the Job Information List is available for searching by individuals who have subscribed 
to the electronic JIL as well as by job seekers in ADE- and ADFL-member departments. A 
user name and password are required to search the database. To find your user name 
and password, follow these directions: 

If you are an individual subscriber: If you already have a user name and password, use them. If you 
do not, you may retrieve them online at the MLA Web site (www.mla.org). Follow the link to the 
JIL page and click on the appropriate “Search” button; when the password prompt appears, scroll 
down and enter your e-mail address in the appropriate box and click “E-mail me.” Your user 
name and password will be sent to the e-mail address that you specified when you subscribed. You 
have the option to change your user name and password whenever you choose by logging in at 
the JIL page and then clicking the “Subscriber Information” button at the top of the search form 
and following the instructions for changing your user name and password. 

If you are a job seeker in an ADE- or ADFL-member department: Graduate students and faculty 
members in departments that are current paid members of ADE or ADFL have access to the online 
JIL as a benefit of their department’s ADE or ADFL membership. You must access the JIL through 
the ADE or ADFL home pages (www.ade.org; www.adfl.org). Information on how to access the 
online JIL on this basis is available from your department chair. 


INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES 


In This Issue 

The February issue contains notices describing approximately 170 definite and possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies and notices from 
departments that expect no vacancies but would nevertheless like to 
keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this time. Send 
letters only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your 
qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies are expected but that 
the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main body 
of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to any 
department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita sheet 
to enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter of 
application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed 
at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide 
a convenient opportunity for such interviews. 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys indicate that 
only about half of all English and foreign language departments have 
begun recruiting by the end of December and that the majority of departments 
do not complete the recruiting process until spring, in some 
cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives infor m candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices in their 
departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, candidates 
are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications for announced positions either 
by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive Council 
in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

• Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for the cost 
of such shipment; and 
• Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their wr iting samples and other 
materials; and 
• Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 
• Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


LIST OF ADMINISTRATIONS CENSURED 


BY THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a past 
violation, they are not observing the generally recognized pr inciples of academic 
freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of infor ming Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s 
Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure is 
visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 

does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Association, 
nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. 
Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not 
assert that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge 
that, before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office 
and prospective departmental colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. 
Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in 
parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee 
A,” each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1963 
Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1969 
Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1975 
Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . . . . . . . . . 1976 
University of Osteopathic Medicine and Health Sciences (Iowa) 

(April 1977, 82–87) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1977 
State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1978 
Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . . . . . 1978 
Wingate College (North Carolina) (May 1979, 251–56) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1979 
Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1980 
Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186 –95) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1982 
American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 

42–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1983 
Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 

23a–32a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1984 
Westminster College of Salt Lake City (November-December 1984, 

1a–10a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1985 
Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1986 
Southern Nazarene University (Oklahoma) (November-December 1986, 

7a–11a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . . . . 1987 
Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Maryland Institute, College of Art (May-June 1988, 49–54) . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 

(May-June 1989, 35–45) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . . . 1990 
Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46 –53) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1993 
North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54 –64) . . . . . 1993 
Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . . . . . . . . . 1993 
University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Nyack College (New York) (September-October 1994, 73–79) . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Essex Community College (Maryland) (May-June 1995, 40 –50) . . . . . . . . 1995 
St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . . . . . . 1996 
National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 

41–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1996 
Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . . 1997 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . . . . . . . 1997 
Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . . . . . . . . 1998 
Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . . . . 1999 
Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut) 

(January-February 2000, 54–63 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2000 
Charleston Southern University (January-February 2001, 63–77) . . . . . . . .2001 
University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Tiffin University (Ohio) (January-February 2002, 53–63) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Philander Smith College (Arkansas) (January-February 2004, 57–68) . . . . . 2004 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


February 2005 

DEPARTMENTAL JOB LISTINGS 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

ALABAMA 
Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Center Auburn University AL 36849 

Instructor 2301 

http://www.auburn.edu/english 
The Department of English at Auburn University anticipates making several Instructorship 
appointments for the 2005–2006 academic year, with a starting date 
of August 16th. These are one-year full-time appointments that may be renewed 

by mutual agreement for up to four additional years. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. 
Minimum qualifications include a Masters or PhD in English or related humani


ties field, broad literary training, a record of successful teaching of college-level 
composition, sophomore literature, and/or business and technical writing, and 
interest in teaching both writing and world literature. The candidates selected for 
the positions must be able to meet eligibility requirements for work in the 
United States. 

Full-time Instructors teach seven courses over two semesters, typically 4–3. Typically, 
the courses are 3-hr. core curriculum courses in freshman composition and 
world literature; qualified instructors may also teach courses in business writing 
and/or technical writing. The starting salary is $31,000 (PhD), $30,000 (ABD), 
or $28,000 (Masters); there is a possibility of summer teaching in addition. Full-
time Instructors are eligible for benefits, including health insurance. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest comprehensive 
research university in Alabama. It is located in a small, attractive college 
town in the east central part of the state, conveniently near Montgomery, Birmingham, 
and Atlanta. The Department of English, which is the largest in the 
College of Liberal Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and 
Professional Communication), and PhD. Additional information is available on 
the department's web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 

Send letter of application and vita to George Crandell, Head, Department of 
English, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849. Applications will be accepted 
until the positions are filled; applications will be acknowledged by a department 
letter. Review of applications will begin February 16, 2005. Auburn University 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

ARIZONA 
Arizona SU 

English, Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Lecturer Rhetoric & Composition 2193 

http://www.asu.edu 
Lecturer in rhetoric & composition. Beginning August 15, 2005. Required: 
Ph.D in Composition & Rhetoric or in a related field with appropriate coursework, 
post-secondary teaching experience, evidence of effective teaching. Desired: 
Theoretical grounding & teaching experience in programmatic assessment, 
or technical writing, or computers & writing; evidence of participation in rheto


ric/composition conferences. Teaching load is 4/4 composition courses each semester 
with possible release for program development in composition instruction. 
Appropriate service responsibilities. Three-year renewable appointment. 
Telephone interviews in late February. Letter of application, vita, teaching philosophy, 
unofficial transcripts, & three letters of recommendation to Chair, 
Rhet/Comp Search Committee, Department of English, Arizona State University, 
Box 870302, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. Application deadline: Postmarked by 
January 17, 2005; if not filled the 15th of every month until search is closed. 
AA/EOE. [R] 

ARKANSAS 
Henderson SU 

Affirmative Action, Box 7744 Arkadelphia AR 71999 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track position. American Literature 
Generalist. 1740 

http://www.hsu.edu 
Expectations: Twelve-hour teaching load, including freshman through graduate 
assignments; willingness to participate in distance learning, academic advising, 
and committee work; the ability to integrate technology into the learning 


process; demonstrate a commitment to teaching excellence; commitment to foster 
global awareness; involvement in scholarship/professional activities. 
Some night and off-campus teaching may be necessary. 
Ph.D. required prior to starting date, August 15, 2005. 
Applicant should send a letter of interest, copies of all graduate transcripts, three 


current letters of reference, and three additional names with contact information 
to: Dr. Clinton Atchley, Henderson State University, Box 7652, Arkadelphia, 
AR 71999-0001. 


Selection process to begin February 10, 2005 and continue until filled. [R] 


CALIFORNIA 
C of the Sequoias 

Lang Arts, 915 S Mooney Blvd Visalia CA 93277 

ADJUNCT ENGLISH INSTRUCTORS 

http://www.cos.edu 
Description of PositionCollege of the Sequoias is continuously seeking to build a 
pool of adjunct faculty to teach in the various divisions. Adjunct faculty at the 
College are an integral part the College's staff, helping us meet the needs of our 
students. In addition, adjunct faculty often bring a wealth of practical experience 
to the classroom.A collective bargaining agreement exists, and membership in 
the College of the Sequoias Adjunct Faculty Association/Communication 
Workers of America [COSAFA/CWA] or payment of a service fee is required. 
Initial salary placement is on Step 1 and appropriate column placement depends 
on the degree held. Beginning salaries range from $34.96 to $41.03Minimum 
Qualifications: In order to teach in a discipline, all faculty must meet the minimum 
qualifications as established by the California Community Colleges Chan-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


cellor's Office.Application ProcedureApplicants must submit the following mate


rials: 
Completed COS (Central 14) application form—Letter of interest which states 
the disciplineapplied for, your degrees, and your workexperience (including the 
number of years ofrelated experience.)—Unofficial transcripts—One letter of 
recommendation—If claiming equivalency, the completedequivalency documents 
must be attached.Send to: Human Resource ServicesAdjunct Application-
College of the Sequoias915 S. Mooney Blvd.Visalia, CA 93277-2214Note: 
Incomplete application packages will not be forwarded to the division chair or 
area administrator for consideration in the hiring process. All documents received 
become the property of the District and will not be returned. Human Resource 
Services will not copy any of the materials submitted for the applicant.Screening 
ProcedureOnly complete application packages will be evaluated and forwarded 
to the appropriate division. Application packages will be screened to determine 
whether or not the applicant will be invited for an interview and teaching demonstration. 
If a position does not exist in the discipline applied for, the application 
will be kept on file for a minimum of one year. All costs incurred as a result 
of the application/selection process shall be borne by the applicant. 

Cabrillo C 

English, 6500 Soquel Dr Aptos CA 95003 

English Instructors 2215 

http://www.cabrillo.edu 
CR04–70 (Four Tenure Track Positions)College Web Address: www.cabrillo 
.edu Application Deadline: Thursday, March 24, 2005 by 4:00 p.m. Starting 
Salary Range: $46,507 to $71,339 per year depending on education and experience; 
maximum salary step placement on the faculty salary schedule is step 9. 
Cabrillo College provides a doctoral stipend of $3,105 per year for eligible contract 
faculty. Benefits: Cabrillo College provides a current benefit stipend for 
medical, dental, life and long-term disability insurance for employees and eligible 
dependents.Days per Year: Faculty enjoy a 175-day work schedule.Beginning 
Date: Positions scheduled to begin Fall semester 2005 pending funding and Governing 
Board ratification. Assignments may include distance education courses 
and may be at various campus locations; days, evenings, and/or weekends.Position 
Description Assignment includes teaching all levels of composition courses 
and various literature or creative writing courses as described in the college catalog 
to a multi-cultural student population. A full-time teaching load in the English 
Department is four courses per semester. Other professional assignments 
include participation in various faculty committees, attendance at faculty meetings, 
and related duties as required or assigned.Qualifications Required Education 
from a U.S. Department of Education recognized accredited organization: 
Master's Degree in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition, 
OR Bachelor's Degree in any of the above AND Master's Degree in linguistics, 
TESL, speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or 
journalism. OR The Equivalent OR A lifetime California Community College 
Instructor Credential in Language Arts and Literature. Required Professional Expertise 
1. Knowledge of and commitment to teaching strategies and methods, 
which enhance student success at community colleges. 2. Effective oral and written 
communicationskills. 3. Demonstrated ability to teach the courses and effectively 
perform the duties (teaching demonstration will be part of interview). 4. 
Ability to communicate well with students of diverse academic, ethnic, socioeconomic, 
and cultural backgrounds, including students with disabilities. 5. Ability 
to work cooperatively with others.Application forms may be obtained 
through Cabrillo's web site: www.cabrillo.edu/services/hr/apps/index.html OR 
from the address below:Cabrillo College, Human Resources Department 6500 
Soquel Drive, Aptos, CA 95003 Phone: (831) 479-6217 Fax: (831) 477-3545 
(e-mail transmittals and postmarks are not accepted) Cabrillo College seeks applications 
from all qualified individuals. It is the continuing goal of Cabrillo College 
to hire and retain staff that reflect the rich diversity and cultural heritage of 
the college district and its student body. 

California Inst of Tech 

Humanities, 1201 E California Blvd Pasadena CA 91125 

Lecturer, Scientific/Technical Communication & Writing Across the Curriculum 
1732 

California Institute of Technology 
Humanities and Social Sciences, Pasadena, California 91125 
Lecturer, Scientific/Technical Communication & Writing Across the Curriculum 
Lecturer in the Hixon Writing Center. Teach classes in science writing for pub


lic audiences and work with engineering and science faculty teaching writing 
and oral presentation aimed at technical audiences; may also conduct workshops 
and individual tutorials for students writing science or humanities papers. Teaching 
load corresponds to two courses per quarter. Applicants should have a Ph.D. 
or equivalent experience in fields such as scientific and technical communication 
or rhetoric and composition, with superior teaching abilities and the capacity to 
collaborate with faculty in all fields. Experience with writing across the curriculum, 
online writing resources, or writing centers, is also useful. Position may 
begin in winter or fall, 2005, depending on successful candidate's availability. Initial 
one-year appointment, with possibility of renewal. Send application letter 
discussing relevant experience, teaching methods, and availability; CV; writing 
sample; and three recommendation letters. Review begins immediately; applications 
accepted until position is filled. Contact: Chair, Writing Center Search, 
MC 101–40, Caltech, Pasadena, CA 91125. Caltech is an EO/AA Employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and disabled persons are encouraged to apply. 

California SU, Los Angeles 

English, 5151 State University Dr Los Angeles CA 90032 

Director of American Communities Project 2326 

Director of the California State University, Los Angeles, American Communities 
Project at the rank of non-tenured Associate or Full Professor. Two-year position 
with possibility of additional year. Project is devoted to creatively exploring the 
development of historical and contemporary American communities and identities 
and the intersecting cultural, economic, and/or political forces relevant to 
their formation and perpetuation. Starting Fall, 2005. Minimum qualifications: 
Terminal degree or significant professional accomplishments; distinguished history 
of research and scholarly/professional achievement in the humanities; demonstrated 
record of effective teaching, and commitment to working in a 
multiethnic/multicultural environment. Preferred qualifications: Commitment 
to interdisciplinary studies; experience developing and implementing new 
courses of inquiry, and coordinating relations between university and community; 
administrative experience. Director will occupy an Endowed Chair. Responsibilities 
include developing and implementing short-and long-range goals 
for the Project, soliciting and funding proposals for faculty and faculty-student 
projects, designing and supporting public programs, teaching one seminar per 
year in area of interest, distributing seed money for humanities-based grant applications, 
assisting in student and faculty recruitment, and grant writing and 
fundraising. Salary competitive for senior administrative or teaching position and 
commensurate with experience. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, official 
transcript from institution awarding highest degree, and three letters of recommendation 
to American Communities Project Search Committee, c/o Dr. 
Carl Selkin, Dean, College of Arts and Letters, California State University, Los 
Angeles, 5151 State University Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90032. Deadline February 
28, 2005. [R] 

Fuller ton C 

English, 321 E Chapman Av Fullerton CA 92832 

Reading Instructors 2166 

http://www.nocccd.cc.ca.us 
Reading Instructors (2 positions, 1 Cypress College & 1 @ Fullerton College) 
Tenure-track position, 100% contract, beginning Fall Semester 2005.Closing 
Date: February 4, 2005.Founded in 1966, Cypress College provides service to 
the community, offering a comprehensive educational program to its students. It 
is a student-centered institution, striving to achieve its vision of "A Premier 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


Learning Environment for Student Success and Community Enrichment." Faculty, 
staff and students work together in an atmosphere of open communication 
and mutual respect. A variety of innovative programs and specially-funded services 
provide creative learning opportunities for everyone on campus. Founded 
in 1913, Fullerton College is the oldest community college in continuous operation 
in California. As one of five institutions of higher learning in Fullerton, the 
college is an integral part of both the public school and higher education systems. 
Fullerton College offers a comprehensive educational program of lower division 
transfer courses and vocational training to prepare its students for further 
academic study as well as for today's technology-driven workplace. SALARY: 
The initial salary placement range is $41,578 to $69,187 depending on education 
and experience. Excellent fringe benefits including medical insurance. SAMPLE 
OF DUTIES: Participate in curriculum development and serve on division, college 
and district committees as necessary to maintain and improve the instructional 
program; participate in appropriate professional development activities. 
Maintain formal office and campus hours; participate in department and division 
meetings.Teach scheduled classes and perform related duties as assigned, including 
timely compliance with clerical and administrative responsibilities; comply 
with district, college and division policies in the performance of duties.Instruct 
and assist in the growth and success of a diverse population of students through 
careful preparation of course materials, effective teaching methodologies and informed 
critical feedback on assignments and discussions.Sensitivity to and understanding 
of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability and ethnic 
backgrounds of students.Evening and/or Saturday assignments may be required as 
part of the regular contract. APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: For job announcement 
and employment application, visit our web site at: www 
.nocccd.cc.ca.us or contact the Human Resources Office at (714) 808-4810. Join 
us in our commitment to academic excellence, student success, and lifelong 
learning. EEO 

Modesto Jr C 

Lit & Lang Arts, 435 College Av Modesto CA 95350 

English Instructor, Tenure Track 2263 

http://www.yosemite.cc.ca.us 
Modesto Jr. College is hiring four English instructors, who will teach lower division 
courses in composition and literature, including classes in developmental 
writing. Desirable qualifications include the following: education/experience in 
teaching composition at the community college level; interest in such new pedagogies 
as service learning, on-line courses, or learning communities; education/ 
experience in teaching literature, technical writing, or computer-assisted writing. 
Preference will be shown for candidates with a degree in English with an 
emphasis in composition and rhetoric. Full application information is on the 
Yosemite Community College district website. Closing date is Monday, February 
28, 2005. [R] 

Point Loma Nazarene U 

English & Langs, 3900 Lomaland Dr San Diego CA 92106 

Literature faculty position 2153 

http://www.ptloma.edu 
Point Loma Nazarene University, San Diego, is seeking highly qualified candidates 
for a literature generalist position and who have an interest in teaching 
courses outside of the British and American traditions. This is a full-time, tenure-
track position beginning in mid August 2005. Academic rank and pay will 
be commensurate with the education and experience of the appointee. A Ph.D. 
in English, Comparative Literature, or other applicable discipline is required. Experience 
in undergraduate teaching and a secondary interest in Literary Theory 
are desirable. Position responsibilities include teaching undergraduate literature 
courses to both general education students and departmental majors, teaching a 
Freshman Composition course, and participating in scholarship/professional development 
and service roles appropriate to a small liberal arts university. PLNU is 
a private four-year liberal arts university affiliated with the Church of the 
Nazarene. Applicants must be committed to the educational mission and evangelical 
Christian orientation of the university. Applicants should send a letter of 
interest, vita, and the names of three references to David Strawn, Dean of the 

College of Arts and Sciences. Additional application forms and procedures are 
located on the university Web site (www.ptloma.edu). 

U of Redlands 

Johnston Ctr for Integrative Studies, 1200 E. Colton Avenue Redlands 
CA 92373 

Rank open, Interdisciplinary Humanities Based In Literature 

http://www.redlands.edu 
The Johnston Center for Integrative Studies at The University of Redlands, 
seeks a creative teacher-scholar whose research and teaching interests combine 
the study of 19–20th century literature with music, history, philosophy, or other 
Humanities fields. Preference will be given to candidates with expertise in European 
Studies. S/he will demonstrate success as an original and interactive teacher 
able to translate his/her scholarly interests into innovative pedagogy in an individualized 
learning environment. S/he will also be open to negotiating contract 
based learning evaluated through written narratives, offer creative courses that 
cut across disciplinary boundaries, and participate in a living-learning community. 
Johnston faculty teach a six course load, located primarily in the Center, 
with the option of teaching in other departments. Candidates with demonstrated 
success working with diverse communities are particularly encouraged to apply. 
Information about the Johnston Center for Integrative Studies may be found at 
http://www.redlands.edu. This is a tenure track position, rank open. Ph.D. required. 
Qualified candidates should submit a vita, a statement of teaching philosophy 
that demonstrates his/her approach to interactive, interdisciplinary 
teaching, letters of recommendation, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a 
writing sample. We will begin accepting applications November 15th and will 
continue until the position is filled. Send materials to Dr. Kevin O'Neill, Johnston 
Center for Integrative Studies, University of Redlands, 1200 E. Colton 
Avenue, P.O. Box 3080, Redlands CA, 92373-0999. The University of Redlands 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applications from members of underrepresented 
groups are actively sought. [R] 

COLORADO 
U of Denver 

English, 2000 East. Asbury Ave Denver CO 80208 

Writing Director 2075 

http://www.du.edu 
The University of Denver seeks applications for a Director of Writing to establish 
and coordinate its new university-wide Writing Program, recently approved 
by University faculty. The successful candidate will be hired as a tenure-track or 
tenured Associate or Full Professor in the English Department and will report to 
the Office of the Provost. The Writing Director will oversee the hiring and 
training of instructors in the teaching of academic writing for the University's 
First-Year Experience sequence, coordinate writing initiatives throughout the 
undergraduate requirements and curriculum, oversee the development of a new 
Writing and Research Center, and convene faculty and faculty committees from 
all University constituencies to help in setting writing curricula and standards. 
The Writing Director will also teach one graduate or undergraduate seminar for 
the English Department annually. The successful candidate will have experience 
directing a writing program, evidence of excellent teaching, and a national reputation 
in the field of Rhetoric and Composition. Twelve-month appointment 
beginning July 1, 2005; salary competitive. Please apply on-line at http://www 
.dujobs.org or send dossier with letter of application, CV, statement of writing 
program philosophy, publications as appropriate, and names of three references, 
with contact information, to: Prof. Luc Beaudoin, Chair, Writing Director 
Search Committee, Department of Languages and Literatures, University of 
Denver, Denver, CO 80208-2662; e-mail: lbeaudoi@du.edu. Nominations are 
also welcome. Review of applications will begin December 15, 2004, and continue 
until position is filled. The University of Denver, the oldest independent 
university in the Rocky Mountain region, enrolls approximately 9,500 students 
in its undergraduate, graduate and first professional programs. The Carnegie 
Foundation classifies the University of Denver as a Doctoral/Research University-
Extensive. The University of Denver is an EEO/aa employer. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


CONNECTICUT 
Eastern Connecticut SU 

English, 83 Windham St Willimantic CT 06226 

17th Century Literature 52 

http://www.easternct.edu 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, ABD near completion consideredPosition Description: 
17th Century English literature with expertise in women's studies. The 
successful candidate will be an active scholar and able to teach discipline-specific 
and general education courses. The twelve-hour per semester course load consists 
of a combination of literature and writing courses for English majors and 
students working to fulfill general education requirements. Send letter of application, 
vita, and three letters of reference to: Dr. Kenneth McNeil, Search Chair, 
Department of English. Eastern CT State University is an AA/EEO employer. 
Women, members of protected classes and people with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. 

Eastern Connecticut SU 

English, 83 Windham St Willimantic CT 06226 

19th and 20th Century British and American Poetry/Creative Writing 53 

http://www.easternct.edu 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or in Creative Writing, ABD near completion 
considere Position Description: Preferred areas of specialization include 19th and 
20th Century British and American poetry and criticism. Candidate should have 
an established record of publication in poetry. The twelve-hour per semester 
course load consists of a combination of literature and writing courses for En


glish majors and students working to fulfill general education requirements. Send 
letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to: 
Dr. Christopher Torockio, Search Chair, Department of English Eastern CT 

State University is an AA/EEO employer. Women, members of protected classes 
and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 

Eastern Connecticut SU 

English, 83 Windham St Willimantic CT 06226 

African American Literature 55 

http://www.easternct.edu 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, ABD near completion considered 
Position Description: Specialization in African American Literature. Demon


strated secondary interest in literature of the African Diaspora in the Americas, 
critical theory, gender studies, and/or post-colonial studies. The successful candidate 
will be an active scholar and able to teach discipline-specific and general education 
courses. The twelve-hour per semester course load consists of a 
combination of literature and writing courses for English majors and students 
working to fulfill general education requirements. Send letter of application, vita, 
and three letters of reference to: 

Dr. Elena Tapia, Search Chair, Department of English Eastern CT State University 
is an AA/EEO employer. Women, members of protected classes and people 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
American U 

Lit, 4400 Mass Av NW Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor 580 

http://www.american.edu 
Comparative World Poetry 
The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at American 

University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor beginning 

Fall 2005. Special emphasis on contemporary poetry of the Middle East and 
Africa in translation; post-colonial theorists with a specialization in poetry are 
also invited to apply. Terminal degree-Ph.D or MFA-in hand by August 2005. 
Promise of significant publications and sustained productivity; evidence of successful 
teaching of literature, and commitment to university service, will be 
highly regarded. Responsibilities will include graduate and undergraduate 
courses in poetry, a graduate seminar on translation, general education courses in 
literature with gender and ethnic foci, and supervision of MA theses. Salary 
competitive. Letter, CV and dossier with three letters of recommendation to 
Charles R. Larson, Chair, Department of Literature, American University, 
Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. Applications will be reviewed 
beginning March 15. American University is an EOE/AA university 
committed to a diverse faculty, staff, and student body. Women and minority 
candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Gallaudet U 

English, 800 Florida Av NE Washington DC 20002 

Assistant Professor 2296 

http://personnel.gallaudet.edu/eunivfac.html 
Tenure-Track Faculty or Pre-Tenure Track Positions 
The Freshman/Sophomore Program/Academic Skills Access Program 
Gallaudet University serves deaf and hard of hearing students from many differ


ent backgrounds and seeks to develop a workforce that reflects the diversity of its 
student body. Gallaudet is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action 
employer and actively encourages deaf, hard of hearing, members of traditionally 
underrepresented groups, people with disabilities, women, and veterans to apply 
for open positions. 

General Information: The Department of English seeks three individuals to 
teach English composition, literature, and/or language acquisition courses to undergraduate 
students beginning August 16, 2005. To be considered for tenure at 
Gallaudet University, a candidate must possess a terminal degree; applicants who 
lack a terminal degree may be required to spend up to three years in a pre-tenure 
position prior to being awarded a tenure-track position. Positions contingent on 
funding. 

Qualifications: (1) Candidates must have a terminal degree or have made significant 
progress toward completion of a terminal degree in one of the following 
fields: English, Linguistics, Rhetoric/Composition, Literacy and Language Acquisition, 
English as a Second Language, or a closely-allied field. (2) Applicants 
must be experienced in teaching English as a Second Language, English as a Foreign 
Language or English to Deaf students. Applicants must also have developed 
a teaching portfolio that includes evidence of teaching success; this portfolio 
should demonstrate both cultural literacy and an understanding of pedagogical 
issues relevant to teaching within the Deaf community. (3) Candidates should 
demonstrate competency in American Sign Language. (4) We are also interested 
in candidates who are qualified to teach journalism, editing, technical writing, 
and business writing. 

Responsibilities: These positions will involve teaching up to three courses in the 
Department per semester. Candidates will teach primarily in either the Fresh-
man/Sophomore Program or the Academic Skills Access Program (ASAP), a 
program that includes beginning reading, writing, and instruction to improve 
language acquisition. The position may include occasional work in the Junior/ 
Senior Program. Expectations for all applicants also include scholarship, which 
may include progress toward obtaining a terminal degree. Tenure-track faculty 
are expected to engage in other department, university, and community service 
projects. 

Application Procedures: Review of applications begins immediately and will 
continue until the positions are filled. Please send a letter of application clearly 
outlining your fit with the job description and requirements, evidence of teaching 
effectiveness, and your personal and/or academic connection to diverse communities. 
In addition to this letter, please send your curriculum vitae, official 
graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to: 

Office of the Dean 
College of Liberal Arts, Sciences, and Technologies 
150 Hall Memorial Building 
Kendall Green 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


Gallaudet University 
800 Florida Avenue, NE 
Washington, DC 20002 
Direct other queries to the chair: david.pancost@gallaudet.edu or phone 202 

651 5580. [R] 

GEORGIA 
Agnes Scott C 

English, 141 E College Av Decatur GA 30030 

Visiting Assistant/Associate Professor-Creative Writing 2202 

http://www.agnesscott.edu 
The Agnes Scott College Department of English invites applications for a one-
year position, rank-open, in the field of fiction. A desirable secondary field 
would be creative non-fiction. MFA or Ph.D. must be completed by July 15, 
2005. Candidates are expected to have a significant record of publication, a 
strong college or university teaching record, and a commitment to teaching in a 
student-centered learning community. The successful candidate will be expected 
to teach a 3/2 load, including a literature-based first-year composition course, 
and direct independent student projects in fiction and creative non-fiction. 
Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and sample (no more than 20 
pages) of published work, along with three letters of recommendation to: Waqas 
Khwaja, Chair, Department of English, Agnes Scott College, 141 E. College 
Ave., Decatur, GA 30030-3797. Applications will be reviewed on an ongoing 
basis until the position is filled. Agnes Scott College is a highly selective, independent 
national liberal arts college for women located in metropolitan Atlanta. 
For more information about the position and the College, visit our Web site at 
www.agnesscott.edu. Agnes Scott College has a strong commitment to diversity 
and urges members of underrepresented groups to apply. EOE. [R] 

Georgia Inst of Tech 

Lit, Communication, & Culture, (no street address) Atlanta GA 30332 

Film and Digital Media 1751 

http://www.lcc.gatech.edu 
Budget permitting, the School of Literature, Communication, and Culture at 
the Georgia Institute of Technology will make two tenure-track assistant professor 
appointments. 1) Film and Media Studies with an emphasis on the intersection 
of traditional and digital media. Preference for an established research 
trajectory and teaching experience that could include film history, film theory, 
media studies, and digital technology with possible additional interests in television 
and cross-cultural issues. 2) Digital Media Theory and Practice. Requires 
evidence of sophisticated digital practice and theoretical insight in one or more 
of the following areas: interactive cinema or documentary, enhanced television, 
immersive environments, multi-user environments, games as social networks, 
procedural art, electronic literature, or information architecture. Both positions 
offer the opportunity for graduate and undergraduate teaching. Normal teaching 
load is 2/2. Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree required for both 
positions.Georgia Tech's School of Literature, Communication and Culture offers 
a B.S. in Science, Technology, and Culture, a B.S. in Computational Media, 
an M.S. in Information Design and Technology, and a Ph.D. in Digital Media 
Studies. It also co-sponsors minors in Women, Science, and Technology and African-
American Studies and provides humanities and communications courses 
for all Georgia Tech undergraduates. For more information see our website 
www.lcc.gatech.edu. Candidates are asked to send a C.V. and a letter stating research 
interests and pedagogical approach. Applicants for the Digital Media Theory 
and Practice position should also send a pointer to an on-line portfolio. All 
applications should be sent to Prof. Kenneth Knoespel, Chair, LCC, Georgia Institute 
of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332-0165. We will begin considering applications 
on November 15. The Georgia Institute of Technology is an equal 
opportunity, affirmative action employer. Minoritycandidates are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

North Georgia C & SU 

Lang & Lit, 100 College Cir Dahlonega GA 30597 

Assistant Professor of English Education 2043 

http://www.ngcsu.edu 
North Georgia College and State University (NGCSU) seeks applications for a 

tenure-track, Assistant Professor position in English Education, to begin 
August 2005. 
Duties include teaching pedagogy courses (including observing and evaluating 

student teachers in public school classrooms) to undergraduate majors and graduate 
students in English Education; advising English Education students; and 
teaching other courses (including literature or writing courses) at the undergraduate 
and graduate level. The teaching load is twelve hours each semester and 
may include evening and off-campus courses. 

REQUIREMENTS: A doctorate in English Education or a related field. Experience 
in teaching undergraduate English courses and experience in teaching 
secondary English are highly desirable. A. B. D. candidates will be considered but 
must complete their degrees by 1 August 2005. 

Send letter; c. v.; undergraduate and graduate transcripts; and names, addresses, 
and phone numbers of at least three references to Department of Human Resources 
(Attn. English Education Search), North Georgia College and State University, 
Dahlonega, GA, 30597. Review begins 6 December 2004 and continues 
until position is filled. [R] 

North Georgia C & SU 

Lang & Lit, 100 College Cir Dahlonega GA 30597 

Assistant Professor of English, Mass Communications 2093 

http://www.ngcsu.edu 
North Georgia College & State University invites applications for a tenure-track 
position at the Assistant Professor level beginning August 2005. Applicants must 
have Ph.D. in hand; ABD may be considered if Ph.D. will be completed by August 
1, 2005. Background in mass communications is preferred; experience in 
journalism, visual rhetoric, or media literacy desired. Teaching experience is re


quired, with an expectation of continued scholarship and service to the university. 
Duties: Teaching courses in first-year college composition, mass communica


tions, and journalism. Candidate will serve as advisor to campus newspaper. 


Teaching load is 3/4. 
Review of applications will begin January 5th, and remain open until filled. 
Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to: 


Department of Human Resources 
Attn: Assistant Professor of English, Mass Communications Search 
North Georgia College & State University 
82 College Circle 
Dahlonega, GA 30597 [R] 


Southern Polytechnic SU 

Humanities & Tech Communication, 1100 S Marietta Pky Marietta GA 
30060 

Assistant Professor, Composition 899 

http://www.spsu.edu/htc 
Southern Polytechnic State University 
Assistant Professor, Composition 
Fall 2005 (pending funding). Tenure-track assistant professorship in composition. 

Must have Ph.D. in English or related field in hand by July 1, 2005. Responsibilities 
include teaching, service, scholarship, and professional development. Preference 
given to candidates with (1) knowledge of current composition pedagogy, 

(2) experience teaching composition, (3) experience in computer-mediated in-
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


struction. Possible teaching in literature, speech, drama and/or technical commu


nication. 
Southern Polytechnic State University, in north metro-Atlanta, is a unit of the 
University System of Georgia. The department offers B.S., B.A., and M.S. degrees 
in Technical and Professional Communication. SPSU is an affirmative Action/
Equal Opportunity Employer. 

For preliminary screening, submit (1) letter of application, (2) resume, (3) three 
current letters of reference, and (4) graduate transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable). 
Position open until filled; review begins December 1, 2004. 

See web link: www.spsu.edu/htc/WritingCorner/index.htm 
Send materials to 
Dr. Kenneth T. Rainey 
Chair, Humanities/Technical Communication 
Southern Polytechnic State University 
1100 S. Marietta Parkway 
Marietta, GA 30060-2896 [R] 

IDAHO 
Lewis-Clark SC 

Humanities Div, 500 8th Av Lewiston ID 83501 

Visiting Assistant Professor 2316 

http://www.lcsc.edu 
Lewis-Clark State College, Humanities Division, seeks a dynamic Visiting Assistant 
Professor with strengths in philosophy and one or more of the following additional 
areas: art history, history of ideas, aesthetics, textual analysis, ethics, 
composition. One-year appointment. Ph.D. in an appropriate Humanities discipline. 
Willingness to teach online is desirable. Send resume, cover letter, philosophy 
of teaching statement, and name, address, and phone number of three 
references to Lori Gaskill, Human Resources, Lewis-Clark State College, 500 
8th Avenue, Lewiston, ID 83051. Phone (208) 792-2269; fax (208) 792-2872. 
Application review will begin March 21, 2005. LCSC is an AA/EEO 
employer. [R] 

ILLINOIS 
Eureka C 

Humanities, 300 E College Av Eureka IL 61530 

Assistant Professor of English 2145 

http://www.eureka.edu 
Eureka College invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position as Assistant 
Professor of English to begin with the fall semester, 2005–2006. Teaching 
responsibilities will include beginning and intermediate writing courses, Ameri


can Literature survey courses, and upper-level seminars in American Literature. 
Ph.D. required; college teaching experience preferred. 
Eureka College is a 150-year-old residential liberal arts college, located in central 


Illinois within 30 miles of two large urban areas. The college is affiliated with the 
Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) and is committed to excellence in learning, 
service, and leadership as well as the mutual development of intellect and 
character. 


Please send cover letter, resume, and three letters of recommendation (with contact 
information) to Dr. Jerry D. McCoy, Chair of the Humanities Division, Eureka 
College, 300 E. College Ave., Eureka, IL 61530-1500. 


Applications will be considered beginning immediately and will be accepted 
until the position is filled. 
Eureka College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


Lewis U 

English, 1 University Pky Romeoville IL 60446 

Assistant Professor of English 1895 

http://www.lewisu.edu 
Lewis University, located 25 miles SW of Chicago, seeking applicants for full-
time, tenure track position in Composition and Rhetoric, available August 2005. 
Subspecialties in international literatures, ethnic literature, and/or English Education. 
Twelve hour per semester load includes teaching writing in a computer-
mediated environment. Ph.D in English required with a record of effective 
teaching. Applicants must have the ability to contribute to multi-cultural understanding. 
A commitment to Catholic higher education and the University's 
Lasallian Mission is required. Applicants should reply with letter of application, 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation to: Lewis University, Office of 
Human Resources, One University Parkway, Romeoville, IL 60446. Review of 

applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Interviews 
will be scheduled for the MLA conference in Philadelphia. 
Lewis University, sponsored by the De La Salle Christian Brothers, is an equal 

opportunity employer and is committed to diversity. Women and minorities encouraged 
to apply. 

U of Illinois at Springfield 

English, One Univ Plaza/UHB 3050 Springfield IL 62703 

Assistant Professor, Medieval Literature 2062 

http://www.uis.edu 
Tenure-track position in Medieval Literature at the Assistant Professor level starting 
Fall 2005. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English with an emphasis in Medieval 
Literature. Candidates must have the ability to teach courses in 
specialization to undergraduate and graduate students, both in on-campus and 
on-line classrooms, and a willingness to teach English Program core courses. 
Candidates must also have a willingness to teach Greek Mythology and/or Literature 
and the Bible courses; to supervise theses and advise English majors and 
minors; to serve on English, College, and University committees; and to have 
demonstrated the potential to contribute to scholarship in the field. Preference 
will be given to candidates with teaching experience at a college or university in 
these areas. Teaching load is three courses (12 hours) per semester. The University 
of Illinois at Springfield is located in the state capital and is the third campus 
of the University of Illinois. The UIS campus serves approximately 4,500 students 
in 19 graduate and 20 undergraduate programs. The academic curriculum 
of the campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, an array of profession programs, 
extensive opportunities in experiential education, and broad engagement 
in public affairs issues. The campus offers many small classes, substantial student-
faculty interaction, and a rapidly evolving technology-enhanced learning environment. 
Its diverse student body includes traditional, non-traditional, and 
international students. Its faculty consists of committed teachers, active scholars, 
and professionals in service to society. For more information, please consult our 
website at www.uis.edu. Send letter of application, vita, transcripts, and three letters 
of reference to the University of Illinois at Springfield, One University Plaza, 
Medievalist Search Committee, English Program, MS UH 3050, Springfield, IL 
62703. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the 
position is filled. Application acknowledged by letter. The University of Illinois 
at Springfield is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Women, 
minorities, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Illinois at Springfield 

English, One Univ Plaza/UHB 3050 Springfield IL 62703 

Assistant Professor, 19th Century American Literature 2063 

http://www.uis.edu 

Tenure-track position in 19th Century American Literature at the Assistant Professor 
level beginning fall 2005. 
Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English with an emphasis in 19th Century 

American Literature. Candidates must have the ability to teach courses in specialization 
to undergraduate and graduate students, both in on-campus and on-line 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


classrooms, and a willingness to teach English Program core courses. Candidates 
must also have a willingness to teach Interdisciplinary courses in the Capital 
Scholars Program; to supervise theses and advise English majors and minors; to 
serve on English, College, and University committees; and have demonstrated 
the potential to contribute to scholarship in the field. Preference will be given to 
candidates with teaching experience at a college or university in these areas. 
Teaching load is three courses (12 hours) per semester. The University of Illinois 
at Springfield is located in the state capital and is the third campus of the University 
of Illinois. The UIS campus serves approximately 4,500 students in 19 graduate 
and 20 undergraduate programs. 

The academic curriculum of the campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, an 
array of professional programs, extensive opportunities in experimental education, 
and broad engagement in public affairs issues. The campus offers many 
small classes, substantial student-faculty interaction, and a rapidly evolving technology-
enhanced learning environment. Its diverse student body includes traditional, 
non-traditional, and international students. Its faculty consists of 
committed teachers, active scholars, and professionals in service to society. For 
more information, please consult our website at www.uis.edu. Send letter of application, 
vita, transcripts, and three letters of reference to the University of Illinois 
at Springfield, One University Plaza, Americanist Search Committee, 
English Program, UH 3050, Springfield, IL 62703. Review of applications begins 
immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Application acknowledged 
by letter. The University of Illinois at Springfield is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Women, minorities, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Contact persons on this search: Barbara 
Burkhardt bburk1@uis.edu or Jim Ottery jotte1@uis.edu. [R] 

IOWA 
Central C 

English, 812 University Pella IA 50219 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 2167 

http://www.central.edu 
Central College invites applications for a one-year replacement position at the 
rank of Visiting Assistant Professor to begin August 2005. Qualifications include 
a PhD or PhD with MFA, a demonstrated ability to teach effectively, and expertise 
in two of the following: Composition Studies, Professional Writing, Creative 

Writing. Other responsibilities include teaching Introduction to Literature and 
American Novel or Studies in 19th Century American Literature. 
Candidates should send (1) a letter of application (2) a curriculum vita (3) evi


dence of teaching effectiveness, and (4) names and contact information for 3 references 
to: Dr. Paul Naour, VPAA, Central College, 812 University, Pella, Iowa 
50219. Review of applicants will begin February 15 and continue until the position 
is filled. 

Central College is an independent liberal arts college in an ecumenical Christian 
tradition, serving over 1700 students. Central College is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer dedicated to creating a diverse community. Individuals 
from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. 

Northwestern C 

English, 101 Seventh St SW Orange City IA 51041 

Medieval Literature 2129 

http://www.nwciowa.edu 
POSITION: Northwestern College invites applications for a one-year, non


tenure-track position (sabbatical replacement) in Medieval Literature beginning 
August 2005. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: The normal teaching load is three classes per semester. 


Courses include Medieval Literature and History of the English Language/ 
Linguistics. Other classes may include College Writing and Introduction to Literary 
Studies depending on the candidate's area of expertise and the department's 
needs. We seek a candidate who is committed to undergraduate teaching. 


QUALIFICATIONS: Advanced degree status (MFA, PhD, or ABD). Candidates 
must have successful teaching experience. Other requirements include a 


strong Christian faith and a commitment to Christian liberal arts. Northwestern 


College is affiliated with the Reformed Church in America. 
DEPARTMENT: The visiting professor will participate in a small but active literature 
and rhetoric/writing program within a collegial department of nine persons. 
Visit www.nwciowa.edu/view/overview/english.asp for more information. 


CONTACT: Please send or email application letter, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of recommendation, and evidence of teaching ability to: 
Northwestern College 
Office of Academic Affairs 
101 7th Street SW 
Orange City, IA 51041 


vpaa@nwciowa.edu 
DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: Position will be held open until a successful 
candidate is hired. Northwestern College complies with federal and state 
requirements for non-discrimination in employment. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. 


Northwestern C 

English, 101 Seventh St SW Orange City IA 51041 

Composition/Rhetoric 

http://www.nwciowa.edu 
FACULTY POSITION IN COMPOSITION/RHETORIC 
POSITION: A one-year sabbatical replacement in composition and Rhetoric to 


begin Fall 2005 tentative upon approval. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: The normal teaching load is three classes a semester. 
Teaching load for the year will included frosh writing and may include courses in 


rhetoric or other writing courses, depending both on the areas of expertise of 
the candidate and the needs of the department. 
QUALIFICATIONS: Advanced degree status (PhD or ABD) preferred. Candi


dates must have successful teaching experience. Other requirements include a 
strong Christian faith and a commitment to Christian liberal arts. Northwestern 
College is affiliated with the Reformed Church in America. 


DEPARTMENT: The visiting teacher will participate in a small but active literature 
and rhetoric/writing program within a collegial department of nine persons. 
Visit www.nwciowa.edu/view/overview/english.asp for more information. 


CONTACT: Please send or email letters of interest, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of reference: 
Northwestern College 
Office of Academic Affairs 
101 7th Street SW 
Orange City, IA 51041 
vpaa@nwciowa.edu 


DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: Open until filled. 
NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE COMPLIES WITH FEDERAL AND 
STATE REQUIREMENTS FOR NON-DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT. 


WOMEN AND MINORITIES ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY. 


KANSAS 
Bethany C 

English Search, 421 N First St Lindsborg KS 67456 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.bethanylb.edu 
Full-time tenure-track position to begin August 22, 2005. To teach composition, 
American literature, and either creative writing or linguistics; advise/mentor students; 
assist in recruiting new students; serve on faculty and institutional committees, 
and support the mission of Bethany College. Teaching load averages 24 
hours per year. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English preferred and evidence of excel-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


lent teaching. Submit by paper or email: a letter of application, current vita, copy 
of graduate transcript(s), and letters from three references (with contact information) 
to English Search Committee, Office of the Academic VP, Bethany College, 
421 N. First Street, Lindsborg, KS 67456-1897. Address questions to: Ms. 
Candice Davis, Administrative Assistant, (785) 227-3380 x8104 or 
academic_dean@bethanylb.edu. Applications will be acknowledged by letter or 
email. Application review begins January 24 and continues until position is filled. 
See full description at www.bethanylb.edu. Bethany College is a small, liberal 
arts college of the Lutheran Church-ELCA. Women and minority candidates are 
especially encouraged to apply. AA/EOE [R] 

KENTUCKY 
U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor 878 

http://www.louisville.edu 
Tenure-track, in medieval literature, to begin Fall 2005. Ph.D. required. We seek 
a candidate with a record of excellent teaching and demonstrated ability to do 
successful research. Teaching load appropriate to a research institution; salary 
competitive. Course assignments range from undergraduate writing (which all 

faculty teach) to graduate seminars. Review of applications began November 1. 
Send letter and vita to 
Prof. Alan Golding, Chair, Search Committee 
Department of English 
University of Louisville 
Louisville, KY 40292 
The Department of English is committed to building a culturally diverse faculty 

and strongly encourages women, African Americans, and other minorities to 
apply. The University of Louisville is an AA/EO employer. 

LOUISIANA 
Grambling SU 

English, 126 Woodson Hall Grambling LA 71245 

Director, Writing Program/Professor 2251 

http://www.gram.edu 
The Director of the Writing Program will train tutors and conduct seminars for 
faculty and staff working with writers from a wide variety of university schools 
and programs, promoting the Writing Across the Curriculum approach. Every 
student at GSU may use the Writing Center in one way or another, whether to 
seek help developing a topic, to work on specific writing problems, or to consult 
our collection of written and computerized writing materials. The Center's goal 
is to provide a truly collaborative center for the discussion of all sorts of writing. 
The Director will be required to hold the Ph.D. in English/Rhetoric/or technical 
writing and initially hold the rank of Associate Professor, teaching at least two 
courses per semester. 

Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Assistant Pofessor of English 2015 

http://www.selu.edu 
Fall 2005. The Department invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position 
in Secondary English Education. PhD in English, in hand by May 15, 2005. 
Responsibilities include offering graduate/undergraduate courses in the teaching 
of composition and of literature, creating new graduate courses in English Education, 
and teaching other courses in the English curriculum. Normal teaching 
load is 12 units per semester. Desirable subspecialties include Children's Literature, 
Adolescent Literature, or Pedagogy. Administrative responsibilities include 
academic advising, supervising field experience, and coordinating with the Col


lege of Education. Applicants must be committed to working with colleagues 
and students of diverse backgrounds. Southeastern is an AA/ADA/EEO 
employer. Interviews of selected candidates will be conducted at MLA. Application 
deadline: March 1, 2005. Send letter of application, statement of philosophy 
of teaching, vita, transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to Dr. Mary Sue 
Ply, Search Committee Chair, Dept. of English, Southeastern Louisiana University, 
SLU 10861, Hammond, LA 70402. Position pending approval and 
funding. [R] 

Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Visiting Assistant Professor 

http://www.selu.edu 
Fall 2005. The Department invites applications for a full-time visiting position in 
Shakespeare/Early Modern Literature. PhD in English, in hand by May 15, 
2005. Teaching load: 4/4. Responsibilities include offering graduate/ 
undergraduate courses in Shakespeare and Early Modern Literature, as well as 
upper-level British surveys, sophomore literature, and freshman composition. 
Applicants must be committed to working with colleagues and students of diverse 
backgrounds. Southeastern is an AA/ADA/EEO employer. Interviews of 
selected candidates will be conducted at MLA. Application deadline: March 1, 
2005. Send letter of application, statement of philosophy of teaching, vita, transcripts, 
and 3 letters of recommendation to Dr. Mary Sue Ply, Search Committee 
Chair, Dept. of English, Southeastern Louisiana University, SLU 10861, Hammond, 
LA 70402. Position pending approval and funding. [R] 

MAINE 
U of Maine 

English, 304 Neville Hall Orono ME 04469 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing—Fiction 

http://www.umaine.edu 
Tenure-track position in creative writing—fiction in University of Maine 
Department of English. Applicants should have a deep commitment to writing 
and be willing to shape and teach introductory, intermediate and advanced undergraduate 
and graduate creative writing courses. The successful applicant will 
collaborate in the evolving vision and direction of the department's creative writing 
concentration. We seek a fiction writer with strengths in one or more of 
these additional fields: new narrative forms, genre and cross-genre fiction, creative 
non-fiction, playwriting or screenwriting. Our decision will be based upon 
finding the right combination of complementary strengths. Teaching experience, 
an MFA or PhD, and significant publication are essential. Send letter of interest, 
curriculum vitae, and letters of recommendation to Search Committee, Department 
of English, 304 Neville Hall, University of Maine, Orono, ME 044695752. 
Review of applications will begin February 1, 2005, and will continue 
until a suitable candidate is identified. The University of Maine is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 

MARYLAND 
Johns Hopkins U 

Center for Talented Youth, 3400 N. Charles St. Baltimore MD 21218 

Instructor, CTY summer programs 

http://www.cty.jhu.edu 
SUMMER TEACHING OPPORTUNITIES Expository, Critical, and Creative 
Writing; Film; Shakespeare; Drama; Popular Culture; Harlem Renaissance; 
Humanities; Latin; Greek; Etymologies The Center for Talented Youth (CTY) 
runs academic summer programs for gifted students ages 8–16. Our summer 
programs are designed to support and nurture academic talent by giving motivated, 
gifted students a chance to study at a pace and depth commensurate with 
their abilities. Two three-week sessions of our residential and day programs are 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


offered at 23 colleges and independent schools in Arizona, California, Hawai‘i, 
Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts. 
Every year, many of our strongest instructors are ABD graduate students who are 
committed to teaching and to young people. CTY instructors build on their 
teaching experience in an intensive, structured environment that encourages 
academic creativity.We also seek experienced teachers to fill administrative 
positions in our summer programs. To see our job offerings, please visit www 
.cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment. You may also call 410-516-0053 or email 
ctysummer@jhu.edu to request an application. 

MASSACHUSETTS 
Emerson C 

Writing, Lit, & Publishing, 120 Boylston St Boston MA 02116 

Scholar-in Residence: Literature/ 2213 

http://www.emerson.edu 
The Institute for Liberal Arts and Interdisciplinary Studies at Emerson College 
invites applications for a Scholar-in-Residence with primary specialization(s) in 
Literature, Philosophy, and/or Literary Theory. We are seeking a scholar whose 
research, creative work, and teaching focus on Literature and Culture of the 
Americas, Aesthetics, Critical Theory, and/or Post-Colonial Studies, and who 
can contribute to interdisciplinary programming and the development of innovative 
curricula in one or more of these areas. This position is a one-year, non-tenure 
track appointment (renewable annually for up to five years). Teaching 
responsibilities for this position will be three courses per semester, with primary 
teaching responsibilities in the first year Honors Seminar. This person will also 
be expected to maintain a record of active scholarship and participate in faculty 
colloquia, teaching workshops, and other academic programs organized by the 
Institute.Ph.D., college-level teaching experience, and a strong commitment to 
interdisciplinary approaches to the liberal arts are required. Experience with collaborative 
approaches to teaching and familiarity with contemporary educational 
technologies is desirable.Position commences September 2005. Initial review of 
applications will begin on February 1st, 2005, and will continue until an appointment 
has been made. Applications, including a cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, selected publications, evidence of teaching excellence, and three letters of 
recommendation, should be sent to: David Bogen, Executive Director, Institute 
for Liberal Arts and Interdisciplinary Studies, Emerson College, 120 Boylston 
Street, Boston, MA 02116.For more information about the Institute for Liberal 
Arts and Interdisciplinary Studies at Emerson College go to: http://www 
.emerson.edu/instituteFor more information on this and other faculty positions 
the College is now searching, please visit: http://www.emerson.edu/ 
academic%5Faffairs/index.cfm?doc_id=1608Emerson College is an equal 
opportunity/affirmative action employer focused on workforce diversity. [R] 

Smith C 

English, Seelye Hall Northampton MA 01063 

Grace Hazard Conkling Writer-in-Residence 731 

http://www.smith.edu 
Smith College seeks a poet with a distinguished record of publication and teaching 
to fill a 2–3 year term as the Grace Hazard Conkling Writer-in-Residence, a 
position most recently held by Henri Cole and Eleanor Wilner. One writing 
workshop per semester; stipend (equivalent to half-time full professor's salary) 
and housing allowance provided. Please send cover letter and dossier to Professor 
Richard Millington, Department of English, Smith College, Northampton, MA, 
01063. Review of applications will begin December 1, and continue until the 
position is filled. We will not be interviewing at MLA, but plan to bring a short 
list of candidates to campus in early 2005. Smith College is an equal opportunity 
employer encouraging excellence through diversity. 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854 

Open Rank Position in English (American Studies) 1943 

http://www.uml.edu 
The University of Massachusetts Lowell invites applications for an open rank position 
in English with a specialization in American Studies. Applicants should 
have Ph.D. by August 2005. We seek candidates whose scholarship dovetails with 
the cultural, industrial, and literary heritage of the Merrimack Valley region. Expertise 
in minority or working-class cultures is a plus. Teaching load is 3/3, including 
freshman and upper-level courses. The successful applicant will be an 
experienced teacher with significant scholarly potential who will contribute to a 
growing American Studies program. UMass Lowell is a state-supported research 
university of 10,000 students in a city known for its historical ties to the Industrial 
Revolution, ethnically diverse neighborhoods, proximity to Concord and 
Boston, and connection, through Jack Kerouac, to the Beat Movement. Please 
send letter of application and c.v. to Dr. Hilary Holladay, Director of American 
Studies, English Dept., University of Massachusetts Lowell, 61 Wilder St., Lowell, 
MA 01854-3049. Include email address for acknowledgment. Applications 
accepted until position is filled, but deadline for MLA interview consideration is 
Nov. 29. Position is contingent upon funding. UMass Lowell is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action, Title IX, H/V, ADA 1990 Employer. [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Deputy Director 2107 

http://writingprogram.hfa.umass.edu/ 
(Staff Assistant) 52 Week Position 
WRITING PROGRAM 
The University of Massachusetts (Amherst) Writing Program seeks applicants for 

the position of Deputy Director (non-tenure track) to participate in a collaboratively 
administered nationally recognized program that includes first-year composition 
courses, a writing-across-the-curriculum program, a writing center, and 
experimental writing courses. Under the general supervision of the Director of 
the Writing Program, the Deputy Director serves as coordinator for the Basic 
Writing course (Englwrit111) and the placement exam. The deputy also performs 
administrative duties, including monitoring the budget, supervising the 
scheduling of courses, and coordinating with academic departments and programs 
across campus. Teaching load is 1/1 of basic writing and supervising 
10–12 Teaching Associates in the basic writing course. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in relevant area (e.g., Composition Studies or English Education); 
research in or teaching experience with basic writing and in networked 
environments; at least three years experience in teaching composition; ability to 
supervise others, manage a program budget, and design and evaluate curriculum. 

Normal Starting Salary: $46,200–52,800. Salary range: $46,200-$59,400. Send 
letter of application, vita, evidence of teaching strength, and three letters of recommendation 
to Search #24034, Employment Office, 167 Whitmore Administration 
Bldg., University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003-8170. Priority 
deadline is February 11, 2005; application review will continue until position is 
filled. The University of Massachusetts is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 
employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854 

Open Rank Position in American Literature 1948 

http://www.uml.edu 
The University of Massachusetts Lowell invites applications for a tenure-track, 
open rank position in English, with specialization in Colonial and 19th century 
American literature. Applicants should have Ph.D. by August 2005. Secondary 
expertise in minority literatures, drama, or theater arts is a plus. Teaching load is 
3/3, including freshman and upper-level courses. The successful applicant will be 
an experienced teacher with significant scholarly potential in American literature 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


and culture. UMass Lowell is a state-supported research university of 10,000 students 
in a city known for its historical ties to the Industrial Revolution, multiethnic 
neighborhoods, proximity to Concord and Boston, and connection, through 
Jack Kerouac, to the Beat Movement. Please send letter of application and c.v. to 
Dr. Anthony Szczesiul, Search Committee Chair, English Dept., University of 
Massachusetts Lowell, 61 Wilder St., Lowell, MA 01854-3049. Include email 
address for acknowledgment. Applications accepted until position is filled, but 
preferred deadline is Nov. 29. This position is contingent upon funding. UMass 
Lowell is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action, Title IX, H/V, ADA 1990 
Employer. [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854 

Open Rank Position in Composition and Rhetoric 1944 

http://www.uml.edu 
The University of Massachusetts Lowell invites applications for a tenure-track, 
open rank position in English, with a specialization in composition and rhetoric. 
Applicants should have Ph.D. by August 2005. Secondary expertise in linguistics 
or minority literatures is a plus. Teaching load is 3/3, including freshman and 
upper-level courses. The successful applicant will be an experienced teacher with 
significant scholarly potential as well as the potential to direct the undergraduate 
writing program. UMass Lowell is a state-supported research university of 
10,000 students in a culturally and ethnically diverse city with historical ties to 
the Industrial Revolution. Please send letter of application and c.v. to Dr. Marlowe 
Miller, Search Committee Chair, English Dept., 61 Wilder St., University 
of Massachusetts Lowell, Lowell, MA 01854-3049. Include email address for 


acknowledgment. Applications accepted until position is filled, but preferred 
deadline is Nov. 29. 
Position is contingent upon funding. UMass Lowell is an Equal Opportunity/ 


Affirmative Action, Title IX, H/V, ADA 1990 Employer. [R] 


MICHIGAN 
Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 353 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu 
Literatures outside Europe and United States. Tenure-track position as Assistant 
Professor of English beginning Fall, 2005. Ph.D. in Literature or related area required 
by August, 2005. Specialties might include such areas as Near-Eastern, 
Latin American, or Asian literatures. Ability to teach undergraduate or graduate 
courses in specialty area and Composition. Evidence of effective teaching required. 
Publication desired. Screening will begin on November 1, 2004. Send 
application, current vita, transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. Stephen C. 
Holder, Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, Central Michigan 
University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Recently classified by the Carnegie 
Foundation as a doctoral/research-intensive university, CMU is a growing student-
focused university with opportunities for leadership and involvement for its 
entire team. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly and actively strives to increase 
diversity within its community. Minorities are encouraged to apply (www 
.cmich.edu/aaeo.html). [R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 358 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu and www.chsbs.cmich.edu/English/MAECC/ 
Composition/Creative Non-Fiction. Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor 
of English beginning Fall, 2005. Ph.D. in Engllish or Composition/Rhetoric required 
by August, 2005. Ability to teach Composition at all levels, especially 
graduate courses in Master of Arts in English Composition and Communication, 
and non-fiction writing courses required. Screening will begin on November 1, 
2004. Send application, current vita, transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. 

Stephen C. Holder, Chair, Department of English Language & Literature, Central 
Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Recently classified by the 
Carnegie Foundation as a doctoral/research-intensive university, CMU is a 
growing student-focused university with opportunities for leadership and involvement 
for its entire team. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly and actively 
strives to increase diversity within its community. Minorities are 
encouraged to apply (see www.cmich.edu/aaeo.html). [R] 

U of Michigan-Flint 

English, 303 E Kearsley St Flint MI 48502 

Assistant/Associate Professor of Secondary English Education 1969 

http://www.umflint.edu/departments/English 
The English Department at the University of Michigan-Flint invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in Secondary English Education at the Assistant or 
Associate Professor level. Teaching responsibilities include the general English 
methods course for secondary pre-service teachers and courses in teaching reading 
in the content areas and writing at the secondary level. Additional course/ 
program development is encouraged in complementary areas such as literacy 
studies, adolescent literature, and literacy research methods. Teaching is primarily 
undergraduate with a three course per semester teaching load. The position also 
entails collaboration with the public secondary schools. The opportunity exists 
for some graduate level teaching in a recently developed M.A in Education program 
with a literacy specialization. Faculty members are expected to maintain a 
balanced record of excellence in teaching, research with publication, and service. 

Earned doctorate in secondary English education or secondary literacy studies is 
required. 
The English Department includes courses in literature, linguistics, composition 

and rhetoric, as well as English Education. At UM-Flint, all secondary level 

teaching candidates are prepared primarily in the department of their discipline. 
The University of Michigan-Flint is a regional campus of the University of 
Michigan with an enrollment of approximately 6,500 students situated in modern 
facilities on a forty-two acre riverfront site in downtown Flint. The population 
is a mixture of traditional and non-traditional students. UM-Flint offers day, 
evening, and weekend classes. 

Please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a 
writing sample to: Dr. Frederic Svoboda, English Department, University of 
Michigan-Flint, 303 E. Kearsley St., Flint, Michigan 48502-1950. Applications 
will be reviewed until the position is filled. UM-Flint is a non-discriminatory/ 
affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Michigan-Dearborn 

Humanities, 4901 Evergreen Dearborn MI 48128 

Rank Open, Composition and Rhetoric 1995 

http://www.umd.umich.edu 
The University of Michigan-Dearborn invites applications for A RANK OPEN 
POSITION in Composition and Rhetoric. Specialization in composition studies 
or related field required; we are especially interested in writing across the cur-

riculum/writing in the disciplines, multi-cultural literacy, and composition 
pedagogy. Evidence of scholarly productivity, Ph.D in hand. 
We welcome candidates with innovative and interdisciplinary approaches to the 

teaching of writing. Commitment to the intellectual work of teaching first-year 
writing expected. Normal teaching load is six courses per year. The Writing 
Program is housed in the Department of Humanities, a multi-disciplinary department 
with 8 concentrations and over 100 faculty members. 

We seek someone to share leadership in engaging faculty across campus in a purposeful 
dialogue about the teaching of writing, someone who can effectively 
communicate to multiple audiences the insights of composition research. Experience 
and interest in writing program administration and program development 
highly desirable. 

Applicants should send letter of interest, CV (including list of references), sample 
scholarly publication, and statement of teaching philosophy to: Dr. Kathleen 
Wider; Chair, Composition Search Committee; Humanities Department; University 
of Michigan-Dearborn; 4901 Evergreen Road; Dearborn MI 48128


ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


1491. Review of applications will begin December 15. Applications accepted 

until position is filled 
An ethnically and socioeconomically diverse city of 100,000, Dearborn is situated 
between urban Detroit and Ann Arbor. The University of Michigan-Dearborn 
is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty 
committed to teaching and working in an exciting and dynamic multicultural 
environment. We strongly encourage applications from minorities and women. 
The University of Michigan-Dearborn is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer. [R] 

MISSISSIPPI 
Mississippi U for Women 

English & For Langs, PO Box W1634 Columbus MS 39701 

Assistant Professor of English 1882 

http://muw.edu 
Mississippi University for Women, admitting men since 1982, seeks a faculty 
member in English beginning August 2005. Rank open, but position is tenure-
track. Degree requirements: Ph.D. with preferred specialties including fiction 
writing, comparative or non-western literature, and non-Anglo American 20th 
Century literature. Significant scholarly or creative publication and teaching experience 
preferred. A 4/4 load is standard, and teaching load includes creative 
writing, literature surveys, composition, and specialty courses. Summer teaching 
may be available. Scholarly development and campus service are expected. Located 
in Columbus, a city of 25,000, MUW was founded in 1884 as the first 
public university for women in the United States. It currently serves a co-educational 
student body of 2400. Submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, at least three 
letters of recommendation, and official graduate transcripts to Office of Human 
Resources, MUW, 1100 College Street, MUW-1609, Columbus, MS 39701. 
Review of applications begins February 1, 2005, and continues until position is 
filled. [R] 

MISSOURI 
Drury U 

English, 900 N Benton Av Springfield MO 65802 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 2265 

http://www.drury.edu/home/ 
One-year sabbatical replacement, with possibility of a second year. Generalist, 
with specializations in Victorian/Modern British literature and postcolonialism 
preferred. Experience and willingness to teach freshman seminar and expository 
writing required. Ph.D. and full-time teaching experience preferred. Send a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, and three current letters of reference to: Ken 
Egan Jr., Chair of English, Drury University, 900 N. Benton Avenue, Springfield, 
MO 65802. Review of applications will begin March 1. Drury University 
is an equal opportunity employer; women and minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Truman SU 

Lang & Lit Div, Kirksville MO 63501 

Temporary Instructor/Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English Education 
2274 

http://www.truman.edu 


Position: Temporary Instructor (Annually Renewable)/Tenure-Track Assistant 
Professor of English Education available August 22, 2005 
Responsibilities: Teaching English and English Education courses and sharing the 


field supervision of Master of Arts in Education teaching interns with other English 
educators. 
Requirements: 


Required for Temporary Instructor Level: Master of Arts or Master of Arts in 
Education (MAE) degree in English or English Education; teaching experience, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and expertise in the theory of teaching 
English. 

Required for Tenure-Track Assistant Professor Level: A.B.D. in English or En


glish Education; teaching experience, evidence of teaching effectiveness. 
Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D. or Ed.D. in English or English Education; experience 
in supervising student teachers or teaching interns; expertise in the theory 
of teaching secondary reading, literature for young adults, and /or literature for 
children; experience in incorporating new technology into teaching; and, National 
Writing Project experience. 

Rank and Salary: Temporary Instructor/Assistant Professor (candidates with an 
ABD or doctorate will qualify for Assistant Professor rank). Salary commensurate 
with experience. 

Program: The English Education program currently serves 20 students in the 
MAE Program. The Division of Language and Literature also houses majors and 
minors in eleven Classical and Foreign Languages, Communication, and Linguistics 
and also participates in interdisciplinary minors and a new Interdisciplinary 
Major. 

The University: A vibrant community of teacher-scholars with a highly-selective 
student body, Truman is a residential university focused on providing its 6,000 
students with broad liberal arts experiences and depth of study in 45 undergraduate 
majors and six graduate programs. Truman is nationally recognized for the 
quality of the educational opportunities it offers students and for its leadership in 
the assessment of student learning and continuous improvement. For the eighth 
consecutive year, Truman, Missouri's public liberal arts and sciences university, 
has been recognized as the No. 1 Public University in the Midwest RegionMaster's 
Category by U.S. News & World Report. Located in Kirksville, Truman 
plays a vital role in the life of a thriving rural community served by commuter air 
service and Amtrak. More information about Truman State University can be 
found at: www.truman.edu and the positions at http://academics.truman.edu/ 
jobs. 

Applications: Send a letter of application including a state of teaching philosophy 
and commitment to the liberal arts and sciences, and a statement about student 
development and welfare; current curriculum vitae; three recent (2004 or later) 
letters of recommendation; names, phone numbers and email addresses; and all 
graduate and undergraduate transcripts (copies acceptable, official copies of graduate 
transcripts required prior to hiring) to: Dr. Heinz Woehlk, Division Head, 
Division of Language and Literature, Truman State University, 100 East Normal, 
Kirksville, MO 63501. International applicants also must provide proof of eligibility 
to work in the US and documentation of degrees if transcripts are not 
used. Screening of applications will continue until a suitable candidate is hired. 

Truman State University is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. [R] 

NEW JERSEY 
Fairleigh Dickinson U 

English, 285 Madison Av, M-MS3–01 Madison NJ 07940 

Assistant Professor & Director of Creative Writing 

Fairleigh Dickinson University seeks applications for a tenure-track position at 
the assistant professor level to direct the B.A. program in creative writing and 
teach writing and literature courses primarily in poetry and in a second creative 
writing genre, such as fiction or creative nonfiction. 

Candidates must have substantial poetry publications and, preferably, publications 
in a second genre. Some administrative experience is desirable. An appropriate 
advanced degree is required. 

Salary is commensurate with experience. 

Submit letter of application, curriculum vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to: 
Fairleigh Dickinson University 
c/o Kimberly Hillman 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


285 Madison Avenue (M-SC1–01) 
Madison, NJ 07940 
FDU is an EO/AA employer committed to diversity M/F/D/V. [R] 


Montclair SU 

English, Montclair NJ 07043 

Marie Frazee Chair in Contemporary American Literature and Culture 2325 

http://english.montclair.edu 
Marie Frazee Chair in English 
Montclair State University is pleased to announce the establishment of the Marie 

Frazee Chair in English for an outstanding mid-career scholar/teacher whose 
work is devoted to the intersections of contemporary American literature and 
culture. Candidates for the Chair should have a decade or more of successful university 
teaching and a record of ongoing substantial scholarship in contemporary 
American literature and culture, and/or Cultural Studies. They must demonstrate 
a deep commitment both to teaching undergraduate students and to mentoring 
young faculty to support their development as literary scholars. The Frazee Chair 
will be the centerpiece of an emerging departmental focus in contemporary literary 
study. 

The appointment will be a full-time, tenure-track faculty position at the professor 
rank. Appointment to the Chair will be for a five-year term, depending upon 
maintenance of good standing in the faculty appointment, and may be renewable. 
The endowment will provide a graduate assistant and annual support for research 
activities. Nominations or applications for appointment to the Marie 
Frazee Chair in English should include a cover letter, a resume, and at least three 
letters of support. Review begins February 1, 2005 and will continue until the 
position is filled. All nominations, applications, and inquiries should be directed 
to: Dr. Larry Schwartz, Chair, English Dept., Box EC, Montclair State University, 
Montclair, NJ 07043. 

An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution. Position subject to available 
funding. [R] 

Rutgers U 

Graduate School-Newark, 360 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Blvd. Newark NJ 
07102 

Director of the Graduate Program in American Studies-Rutgers University Newark 
1753 

http://gradnwk@andromeda.rutgers.edu 
The Newark campus of Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, invites applications 
for the position of Director of the newly-approved American Studies 
graduate program.The graduate program in American Studies will offer both the 

M.A and Ph.D degrees. The graduate program is grounded in an interdisciplinary 
approach to American Studies. Students may elect to work within several of 
six interdisciplinary fields: Race, Ethnicity and Modern Society; Urban Cultures; 
Cultural History and Artistic Production; America within a Global Context; 
The Cultures of Social Institutions; and Women's and Gender Studies. In addition, 
the program offers a choice of two tracks of study. One track prepares students 
for positions in the academy. The other track is designed to prepare 
research-trained professionals in the public sector.The Director will provide academic 
leadership of the masters and doctoral programs and will oversee their implementation, 
including shaping the curriculum, promoting the programs and 
recruiting graduate students, collaborating with faculty colleagues, and developing 
productive relationships with the leadership of the cultural institutions in 
Newark and the surrounding region.The Graduate Program in American Studies 
will be linked to important research institutes and centers at Rutgers including 
the Institute on Ethnicity, Culture, and the Modern Experience (http:// 
ethnicity.rutgers.edu); the Joseph C. Cornwall Center for Metropolitan Studies 
(http://www.cornwall.rutgers.edu); and the Center for Global Change & Governance 
(http://cgcg.rutgers.edu).Applications are strongly encouraged from 
scholars across all disciplines within American Studies. The successful candidate 
should have a distinguished record of scholarship and academic achievement that 
will merit appointment as a tenured member within the department of the 
scholar's specialization. We are especially interested in candidates whose scholarly 
expertise is in urban studies or ethnic approaches to American culture and who 
are committed to the development of public scholarship.Please send a letter of 
interest, curriculum vita, and the names and addresses of three references to Dr. 
Sterling L. Bland, Jr., Chair, American Studies Search Committee and Associate 
Dean of the Graduate School, Graduate School Office, Hill Hall, Room 401, 
Rutgers University, Newark, New Jersey 07102-1801. For further information, 
please contact Dr. Bland at slbland@andromeda.rutgers.edu. Review of applications 
will begin on December 15, 2004 and will continue until the search is successfully 
completed.Rutgers University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. [R] 

William Paterson U 

English, 300 Pompton Rd Wayne NJ 07470 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.wpunj.edu 
Assistant Professor of English with specialization in Children's and Young Adult 
Literatures. Ph.D. required. Training or expertise in world literature or 19th or 
20th century literature of the British empire preferred. Successful candidate will 
teach a variety of specialized undergraduate and graduate courses, plus general 
education courses. Teaching experience required; publications preferred. Send 
letters of application and full dossier, including current curriculum vitae and 3 
letters of recommendation, to Donna Perry, Chairperson, English Department, 
William Paterson University, 300 Pompton Road, Wayne, NJ 07470. e-mail 
perryd@wpunj.edu for inquiries only. [R] 

NEW YORK 
Canisius C 

English, 2001 Main St Buffalo NY 14208 

Assistant Professor in Early American Lit 2277 

http://http:www.canisius.edu 
Tenure-track appointment for Ph.D. in American Lit. Assistant professor, with 
dissertation/ongoing scholarship in early American (to mid-19th century) Literature, 
to include colonial period. Teaching load will include freshman writing 
and introduction to literature courses. Secondary specialty in rhetoric/ 
composition preferred. Evidence of excellence in teaching required. Application 
to include cover letter, vita, three letters of recommendation, writing sample, 
statement of teaching philosophy, grad transcripts. Mail to Prof. Sandra Cook-
son, Chair, English Department, Canisius College, 2001 Main Street, Buffalo, 
New York 14208. Deadline: March 1st. Canisius College is an independent, coeducational 
comprehensive university conducted in the Catholic and Jesuit tradition. 
EOE, underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Colgate U 

English, 13 Oak Dr Hamilton NY 13346 

Associate/Full Professor of English & Theater Director 1814 

http://www.colgate.edu 
Colgate University, a highly-selective liberal arts university, seeks a teacher/ 
scholar at the rank of Associate or Full Professor to serve as Director of its Theater 
Program. This is a full-time, tenured position in the English department, 
which is the home of the program. The position will include an initial 3-year 
(renewable) appointment as Director of the Theater Program, though that appointment 
may later rotate with other members of the theater faculty. The 
teaching load is 5 courses annually, including a one-course credit for directing 
the program. Professional experience is highly desirable in one or more of the 
following areas: acting, directing, playwriting, and the study of performance in 
culturally diverse traditions. Ideal candidates should have administrative experience 
and will demonstrate vision and leadership for the program. Evidence of 
successful teaching and MFA, PhD or DFA in theater or related field required. 
Colgate University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Developing 
and maintaining a diverse faculty and staff further the University's academic 
mission. Applications and nominations welcome. Review of applications 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


will begin December 10, 2004. Send a letter of interest, CV, three reference letters, 
and other supporting materials to: Mary Ann Calo, Associate Dean of the 
Faculty; Colgate University; 13 Oak Drive; Hamilton, NY 13346. [R] 

Columbia U 

Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race, 1130 Amsterdam Avenue-mail 
Code: 2880 New York NY 10027 

Professor (Associate or Full) of Ethnic Studies 2188 

http://www.columbia.edu/cu/cser/ 
Columbia University seeks a senior scholar (associate or full professor) in any 
field of ethnic studies. It is anticipated that the successful candidate will in due 
course assume the leadership of Columbia's Center for the Study of Ethnicity 
and Race. He or she will be jointly appointed in the Center and one of the following 
departments: art history, history, anthropology, sociology, English and 
comparative literature, or political science. Applicants encouraged in comparative 
ethnic studies and Native American/First Nation/Pacific Islander studies, and 
welcomed in Latina/o, Asian American or African American studies. Send a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to Professors 
Gary Y. Okihiro and Robin D.G. Kelley, Co-Chairs, Ethnic Studies 
Search Committee, Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race, 424 Hamilton 
Hall, Mail Code 2880, 1130 Amsterdam Avenue, Columbia University, New 
York, NY 10027. Review of applications will begin February 1, 2005 and will 
continue until the position is filled.Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Hamilton C 

Film Search, 198 College Hill Road Clinton NY 13323 

Film Studies 2264 

Hamilton College Forum on Image and Language in Motion. Two-year appointment 
(potentially renewable for a third year) for a senior scholar in film 
studies or a related field to initiate courses and activities for a new FILM program. 
Responsibilities will include courses in the language of film, film theory, 
and topics that relate film to other disciplines in the Humanities. As director of 
FILM, this person must be willing to work with faculty across the Humanities 
and program a film series that will enhance critical thinking about film and its 
role in culture and society. The first year of the appointment will be in the Art 
History department; the second year in the English department. The successful 
candidate will demonstrate a strong record of scholarly production and a record 
of teaching excellence. 

Hamilton College, a highly selective liberal arts college founded in 1812, is located 
in Clinton, New York. Hamilton provides competitive salary and benefits, 
along with excellent faculty research and travel support. 

Candidates should submit a CV, a letter of application, and at least three letters of 
recommendation to FILM Search, c/o Prof. Kirk Pillow, Associate Dean of Faculty, 
Hamilton College, 198 College Hill Road, Clinton, NY 13323. Electronic 
applications via e-mail are also welcome (address to kpillow@hamilton.edu). 
Consideration of candidates will begin February 7, 2005, and will continue until 
the position is filled. Hamilton College is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer and is committed to diversity in all areas of the campus 
community. 

Hunter C, CUNY 

English, 695 Park Av New York NY 10021 

Professor (rank open)/Creative Writing 2230 

http://www.hunter.cuny.edu/creativewriting/ 
As part of its on-going plan to create an MFA Program of national excellence, 
the English Department of Hunter College invites poets of international stature 
to apply for a newly created tenure-track position. The ideal candidate will work 
in more than one genre and will have a record as an excellent teacher of both 
undergraduate and graduate students from diverse cultural backgrounds. Rank is 
open, salary (range: $35,031-$93,507) commensurate with experience; PhD, 
MFA, or the equivalent required. Send a letter of inquiry, three letters of recom


mendation, and a c.v. (no books or manuscripts at this time) by March 1, 2005 to 
Professor Donna Masini, Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
Hunter College (CUNY), 695 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10021. 
Hunter College is an EO/AA/ADA/IRCA employer. Women, minority group 
members, disabled persons, and veterans are encouraged to apply. [R] 

New York U 

English, 19 University Place, Room 220 New York NY 10003 

TENURED POSITION, CREATIVE WRITING PROGRAM 2231 

http://www.cwp.fas.nyu.edu 
FACULTY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE 
The Creative Writing Program at New York University invites applications for a 

distinguished senior poet who will play a leading role within the program, and 
with a tenured appointment in the Department of English. Position to begin either 
January 1, 2006 or September 1, 2006, pending final administrative and 
budgetary approval. Evidence of successful teaching at the university level and a 
strong publication record expected. Duties include teaching graduate workshops 
and craft classes in poetry, advising students, mentoring thesis projects and serving 
on the admissions committee. The successful candidate will join a prominent 
writing program and an award-winning faculty. For more information about the 
program, including a list of our faculty, visit our website at www.cwp.fas.nyu 
.edu. Applications will be reviewed through March 1, 2005. Send letter and c.v. 
to Melissa Hammerle, Director, Creative Writing Program, New York University, 
Faculty of Arts and Science,19 University Place, Room 220, New York, NY 
10003. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

New York U 

Gallatin School of Individualized Study, 715 Broadway New York NY 10003 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, TENURE TRACK 1855 

http://www.nyu.edu 
The Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University seeks an 
experienced teacher/scholar for a position in non-Western pre-modern cultures 
who specializes in the critical analysis of significant texts and documents. The 
discipline of origin (classics, history, philosophy, area studies, archeology, literature, 
religious studies and etc.) is open, but the primary site of teaching and 
scholarship should center on pre-modern and non-Western cultures, including 
Africa, East or South Asia, the Middle East.The ideal candidate is someone who 
teaches texts and artifacts in a cultural and historical context, who thinks comparatively 
and from an interdisciplinary perspective and who loves to teach. A 
commitment to alternative forms of learning and to individual mentoring of students 
is also essential.Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment; 
demonstrated excellence in teaching and advising at the university level; a solid 
record of research and writing. This position is at the Assistant Professor level, 
tenure-track, with a starting date of September 1, 2005, subject to budgetary and 
administrative approval.Gallatin offers a B.A. and M.A. in Individualized Study: 
student-created concentrations, intensive advisement and mentoring, experiential 
learning and student-centered teaching. Students combine course work from 
most NYU schools with Gallatin seminars and non-classroom study. Our courses 
link debates from the "great books" tradition with current scholarship, contemporary 
issues and alternative canons. They also span the ancient to the modern 
periods, engage in cross-cultural and interdisciplinary dialogue and cover a broad 
spectrum of arts practices. The Gallatin School is strongly committed to building 
a diverse community among faculty, staff and students.Please send letter of application 
and curriculum vitae only, to: Chair, Non-Western Pre-Modern Cultures 
Search Committee, Gallatin School of Individualized Study, New York University, 
715 Broadway, New York, NY 10003. Review of applications will com-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


mence after December 3, 2004.NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. 

New York U 

Gallatin School of Individualized Study, 715 Broadway New York NY 10003 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, TENURE TRACK 1860 

http://www.nyu.edu 
The Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University seeks a 
Ph.D. with teaching experience and scholarship in visual studies or visual culture. 
The candidate must have a broad background in visual, cultural and intellectual 
history, as well as a desire to teach courses that appeal to students interested in the 
underlying ideas and debates that link the study of film, photography, painting, 
sculpture, architecture, design, visual advertising, urban/regional planning, new 
media, mapping, optics, etc.The candidate will have a strong, professional interest 
in some combination of the following methods and themes: visual methodologies; 
cultural studies, critical theory and visual history; the history of visual 
art, contemporary art and criticism; the visual representation of difference; media 
studies; the history and politics of representation; consumption, consumerism 
and visual representation. An ideal candidate possesses a love of teaching, a willingness 
to advise students with a wide variety of concentrations touching upon 
visual studies, a commitment to non-traditional education, and a dedication to 
individual mentoring of students.Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by time of 
appointment; demonstrated excellence in teaching and advising at the university 
level; a solid record of research and writing in one or more of the named fields of 
inquiry. This position is at the Assistant Professor level, tenure-track, with a starting 
date of September 1, 2005, subject to budgetary and administrative 
approval.Gallatin offers the B.A. and M.A. in Individualized Study: student-
designed concentrations, intensive advisement and mentoring, experiential 
learning and student-centered teaching. Our courses link debates from the great 
books tradition with current scholarship, contemporary issues, alternative canons 
and the broad spectrum of arts practice. The Gallatin School is strongly committed 
to building a diverse community among our faculty, staff and students.Please 
send letter of application and curriculum vitae only to: Chair, Visual Studies 
Faculty Search Committee, Gallatin School of Individualized Study, New York 
University, 715 Broadway, New York, NY 10003. Review of applications will 
commence after December 15, 2004.NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 

SU of New York, Binghamton U 

English, PO Box 6000 Binghamton NY 13902 

Writing Program Director 1979 

http://english.binghamton.edu 
The English Department seeks an experienced composition specialist with administrative 
skills capable of re-shaping and directing a writing program that includes 
oral communication. The successful candidate will supervise the teaching 
of freshman/sophomore courses, train teaching assistants, teach graduate courses 
in composition pedagogy, connect with the campus Writing Across the Curriculum 
program and with the Writing Center. The position includes doctoral su


pervision at a research-intensive public university with a diverse student body. 
Rank open; tenured or tenure-track. 
Qualifications: 


1. Completed Ph.D., with preference given to a degree in composition or 
rhetoric. 
2. Strong teaching record in college composition and ability to teach graduate 
courses in composition pedagogy. 
3. Scholarly publication record in composition and pedagogy; related fields welcome, 
including active research in new directions in composition theory, language 
theory, discourse theory. 
4. Relevant administrative experience. 
Salary and rank commensurate with the qualifications of the successful candidate. 
Send application materials, marked Search A, to: Professor Susan Strehle, Chair, 
Department of English, Binghamton University, Binghamton NY 13902-6000. 
Application files should include a letter outlining qualifications for this position; 


a CV; a list of referees including contact information or a dossier including at 


least three letters of reference; sample publication or writing sample. 
Review of applications will begin on December 3, 2004, for MLA interview, 
and continue until the position is filled. 


Binghamton University is an Affirmative-Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 


SU of New York, Binghamton U 

English, PO Box 6000 Binghamton NY 13902 

Assistant Professor, global literatures and theory in English, any period or genre 
1977 

http://english.binghamton.edu 
The English Department at Binghamton University seeks applicants with the 
ability to teach introductory and advanced courses on global literature and theory 
as part of our new concentration in Globalization and Culture. Candidates 
should be prepared to teach theories of globalization and literatures that emerge 
from the critical questioning of Anglo-American traditions to explore globalization's 
various historical forms. Such courses are likely to see cultural and literary 
production in a transnational framework and to consider how other regions have 

influenced and interacted with the West. The position includes some graduate 
teaching at a research-intensive public university with a diverse student body. 
Qualifications: 

1. Completed Ph.D. by time of appointment in August, 2005. 
2. Strong and varied graduate coursework in global literature and literary theories. 
3. Dissertation using theoretical approaches to literature and/or culture in one or 
more areas outside 
England and America. 

4. Evidence of or potential for significant scholarly publication. 
5. Evidence of excellent teaching. 
Salary: competitive.Send application materials, marked "Search B," to: Professor 
Susan Strehle, Chair, Department of English, Binghamton University, Binghamton 
NY 13902-6000. Application files should include a letter outlining qualifications 
for this position; a CV; a dossier including at least three letters of reference; 
a writing sample of 15–20 pages. 
Review of applications will begin on December 3, 2004, for MLA interview, 


and continue until the position is filled. Binghamton University is an Affirmative-
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

SU of New York, Buffalo SC 

English, 1300 Elmwood Av Buffalo NY 14222 

Assistant Professor of English 2113 

http://www.buffalostate.edu 
American Literature—American Poetry: Teach upper-division and graduate 
courses in American poetry and contribute to a broad range of American literature 
offerings. Engage in traditional and/or applied research and contribute to 
the service mission of Buffalo State. Required qualifications include: 1) Ph.D. in 
American Literature with expertise in American poetry; 2) potential for excellence 
in teaching, scholarly research, and publication; 3) commitment to the 
mission of Buffalo State. Preferred qualifications include: 1) college-level teach


ing experience; 2)expertise in literary criticism, cultural studies, and/or ethnic 
American literature. 
Review of applications will begin January 15, 2005, and continue until position 

is filled. Send letter of application, c.v., graduate transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to Kevin Railey, Professor and Chair, English Dept., Buffalo 
State College, 1300 Elmwood Ave., Buffalo, NY 14222-1095. 

Buffalo State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


SU of New York, Buffalo SC 

English, 1300 Elmwood Av Buffalo NY 14222 

Assistant Professor of English 2108 

http://www.buffalostate.edu 
Nineteenth-Century American Literature (tenure track): Teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in nineteenth-century American literature and contribute 
to a broad range of American literature offerings. Engage in traditional and/or 
applied research and contribute to the service mission of Buffalo State. Required 
qualifications include: 1) a PhD in American literature with dissertation and research 
interests in an area of pre-twentieth century American literature; 2) ability 
to teach survey courses in American literature; 3) potential for excellence in 
teaching, scholarly research, and publication; 4) commitment to the mission of 
Buffalo State. Preferred qualifications include: 1) college-level teaching experience; 
expertise in critical theory, ethnic American literature, and/or cultural 
studies. Review of applications will begin January 15, 2005, and continue until 
position is filled. Send letter of application, c.v., graduate transcripts, and three 
letters of recommendation to Kevin Railey, Professor and Chair, English Department, 
Buffalo State College, 1300 Elmwood Ave, Buffalo, NY, 14222-1095. 
Buffalo State is an affirmative action /equal opportunity employer. [R] 

SU of New York, Fashion Inst of Tech 

English & Speech, 227 W 27 St New York NY 10001 

Full-Time Tenure-Track Composition Specialist 2306 

http://www.fitnyc.edu 
SEARCH EXTENDED 
English and Speech seeks a Composition Specialist for a full-time, tenure-track 

position. Responsibilities include teaching four courses per semester (three in 
composition); coordinating and mentoring faculty in area of expertise; and contributing 
to curriculum development. 

Qualifications include a Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric (ABD considered) and 
demonstrated excellence in teaching college-level composition; a career commitment 
to and significant experience in the field of Composition/Rhetoric and 
substantial professional accomplishments (publications, conference presentations); 
experience working with a writing center and with ESL students; proven ability 
to mentor writing instructors; familiarity with relevant instructional technology. 
Date of appointment will be Fall 2005. 

Complete applications will include a letter of interest, CV, and contact information 
for three references (including names, titles, addresses, and phone numbers) 
to: Human Resources, FIT, Seventh Avenue at 27th Street, New York City, 
10001-5992. Visit FIT's website: www.fitnyc.edu. Application deadline is 
March 15, 2005. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor: Poetry, Film, Linguistics 1826 

http://www.fredonia.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professor to teach Modern Poetry, Romantic Poetry, Film, 
and Linguistics. Ph.D. and evidence of teaching excellence required. Respond 
with letter and CV to Dr. Theodore Steinberg, Department of English, SUNY 
Fredonia, Fredonia, NY 14063. Review of applications will begin November 15 
and continue until position is filled. SUNY Fredonia is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer. We actively seek and encourage applications from 
minorities, women, and people with disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor, Seventeenth Century 1824 

http://www.fredonia.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professor to teach Seventeenth Century and Milton. Secondary 
expertise in Sixteenth Century desirable. Ph.D. and evidence of teaching 

excellence required. Respond with letter and CV to Dr. Theodore Steinberg, 
English Department, SUNY Fredonia, Fredonia, NY 14063. Review of applications 
will begin November 15 and continue until position is filled. SUNY 
Fredonia is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. We actively seek 
and encourage applications from minorities, women, and people with 
disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Oswego 

English, Oswego NY 13126 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track 

http://www.oswego.edu 
Beginning in August 2005 to teach courses in Cinema and Screen Studies. Of 
special but not exclusive interest are candidates whose work constitutes a theoretical 
and/or material engagement with new media and technologies. Requirements 
include a completed Ph.D., publication, and a record of successful 


teaching. Teaching responsibilities will also include courses in literary and visual 
theory, modern culture and media. 
Statements of particular intellectual and professional interests are encouraged. 


Send a letter of application, resume, transcripts and three letters of reference to: 
Bennet Schaber, Chair, English Department, SUNY Oswego, Oswego, New 
York 13126 (electronic submissions or email inquiries to schaber@oswego.edu; 
FAX 315/-312-2854). Review of applications will begin December 15, 2004 
and will continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews at MLA. 
SUNY Oswego seeks diverse faculty who are committed to teaching and 
grounded in sustained scholarly or creative activity. Women, persons of color, 
disabled and Vietnam era candidates are encouraged to apply. SUNY Oswego is 
an Affirmative Action Employer. 


SU of New York, Purchase C 

Lit, 735 Anderson Hill Rd, Humanities Div Purchase NY 10577 

Assistant Professor of Cinema Studies 

http://www.purchase.edu/academics/humanities/cinema_studies.asp 
The Cinema Studies Board at Purchase College invites applications for a specialist 
in the history and aesthetics of classical Hollywood Cinema at the rank of Assistant 
Professor (tenure-track) to begin fall 2005 (pending budgetary approval). 
A secondary specialization in one of the following fields is desired but not required: 
contemporary Asian cinema, contemporary Eastern European cinema, 
and/or silent cinema. Cinema Studies is an inter-disciplinary program run jointly 
by the school of Humanities and the Conservatory of Theatre Arts and Film. 
Candidates must be able to teach a year-long introduction to film history, as well 
as advanced courses in film history, aesthetics, theory, and criticism. Knowledge 
of art history and aesthetics, as well as experience in film production are assets. 
Faculty teach five courses a year, one of which must contribute to the core 
Freshman Program, i.e., Culture and Society in the West or College Writing. 
Faculty members also advise senior theses (completed by all undergraduates). 
Candidates must possess a PhD in film studies or a related discipline by the time 
of employment (8/1/05). Candidates must demonstrate the potential for significant 
scholarly productivity and excellent teaching. Purchase College is a unique 
SUNY campus 35 miles from Manhattan, combining selective liberal arts and 
sciences programs with professional arts conservatory and studio programs. 
Women and minorities are especially welcome to apply. Purchase College is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Send cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, writing sample, sample course syllabi, dissertation abstract, at least three 
recommendations, and a self-addressed, stamped postcard toBarbara Gianoplus, 
Director of Human Resources, Administration Building 735 Anderson Hill 
Road, Purchase, NY 10577. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Saint Bonaventure U 

Mod Langs, PO Box 74 St Bonaventure NY 14778 

Visiting Assistant Professor in American Literature 2181 

http://www.sbu.edu 
St. Bonaventure University English Department invites applications for the position 
of Visiting Assistant Professor in American Literature for the 2005–2006 academic 
year. This opening is for a scholar of American Literature with 
specializations in African-American literature and drama/film studies. This position 
will include the teaching and advising of undergraduate and graduate students 
with four courses (12 credits) per semester, including at least one section of 
Composition and Critical Thinking. PhD required, although highly motivated 
and promising ABD candidates will be considered. All applicants must show evi


dence of effective teaching and scholarly activity and the potential for future excellence 
in the profession. 
Application Process: Applications accepted until March 1, 2005. Please submit 

letter of application; curriculum vitae; transcripts; statement of teaching philosophy 
and research goals; and three letters of recommendation to Visiting Americanist 
Search Committee, Department of English, Drawer A, St. Bonaventure 
University; St. Bonaventure, NY 14778. 

Suffolk Comm C 

English, Crooked Hill Rd Brentwood NY 11717 

English Instructor 2026 

http://www.sunysuffolk.edu 
We plan to fill one position with a multicultural literature specialist, beginning 
with the fall, 2005 semester. A Ph.D. in English is preferred; an M.A. in English 
is required. Departmental faculty teach a range of introductory literature courses 
as well. In addition, the successful candidate should have the background and experience 
to teach writing, both developmental and freshman composition, as 
part of his/her regular load. Please check the Suffolk County Community College 
web site (www.sunysuffolk.edu; under QuickLinks, select Employment) for 
full descriptions of the position and for specific information about applying. 
[R] 

Suffolk Comm C 

English, Crooked Hill Rd Brentwood NY 11717 

English Instructor 2025 

http://www.sunysuffolk.edu 
We plan to fill one position with an American literature specialist, beginning 
with the fall, 2005 semester. A Ph.D. in American literature is preferred; an 

M.A. in English is required. Departmental faculty teach a range of introductory 
literature courses as well. In addition, the successful candidate should have the 
background and experience to teach writing, both developmental and freshman 
composition, as part of his/her regular load. Please check the Suffolk County 
Community College web site (www.sunysuffolk.edu; under QuickLinks, select 
Employment) for full descriptions of the position and for specific information 
about applying. [R] 
Suffolk Comm C 

English, Crooked Hill Rd Brentwood NY 11717 

English Instructor 2027 

http://www.sunysuffolk.edu 
We plan to fill one position with a generalist in literature, beginning with the 
fall, 2005 semester. A Ph.D. in English is preferred; an M.A. in English is required. 
Departmental faculty teach a range of introductory literature courses as 
well. In addition, the successful candidate should have the background and experience 
to teach writing, both developmental and freshman composition, as part 
of his/her regular load. Please check the Suffolk County Community College 
web site (www.sunysuffolk.edu; under QuickLinks, select Employment) for full 
descriptions of the position and for specific information about applying. [R] 

Union C 

English, Schenectady NY 12308 

FICTION WRITER-IN-RESIDENCE 

http://www.union.edu 
Fiction Writer-in-Residence, 2/3 time, Visiting Postion. Union College beginning 
9/1/05. MFA, equivalent degree or appropriate publication required. Applicants 
must be committed to excellent teaching and ongoing publication. 
Teaching includes workshops in introductory creative writing, and intermediate 
and advanced fiction writing. Other classes include introductory freshman 
courses, literature surveys and upper-level English courses. Send letter of application, 
c.v., dossier and writing sample by Mar 1 to: Ruth Stevenston, Chair Fiction 
Search Committee, Dept of English, Union College, 807 Union St, 
Schenectady, NY 12308. Union College is an equal opportunity employer and 
stronger committed to increasing the diversity of its workforce. Union College 
offers an exceptional benefits package, a generous retirement plan and tuition remission. 
Addition information can be found at www.union.edu [R] 

NORTH CAROLINA 
East Carolina U 

English, 2201 General Classroom Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Full Professor: Technical and Professional Communication 1852 

http://www.ecu.edu/english 
Full Professor of English, tenure-track/tenured, specializing in professional and 
technical communication, starting August 22, 2005. Demonstrated knowledge 
of contemporary research and a teaching background in professional communication. 
Expected to support and contribute to teaching, research, and innovative 
curriculum development in well-established masters program in technical and 
professional communication, as well as doctoral program in technical and professional 
discourse [current emphases in technical and professional communication, 


writing studies and pedagogy, and discourse and cultures]. Service to the university, 
community, and profession is also expected. 
Ph.D. with evidence of a considerable scholarly reputation required. Screening 


begins December 2, 2004; position open until filled. 
Send letter, vita, one-page statement of research agenda, and names of three cur


rent references to Dr. Bruce Southard, Chair, Box T, Department of English, 
East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 
ECU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action University that accommo


dates individuals with disabilities. Individuals requesting a disability accommodation 
should call the ECU Office of Disability Support Services at 252-328-6799 
(Voice/TTY/Relay). Proper documentation of identity and employability are 
required at the time of employment. Official transcript required upon 
employment. 


Visit the department websites at http://www.ecu.edu/english and http:// 
core.ecu.edu/engl/tpc/tekkom/tpc.htm. [R] 


East Carolina U 

English, 2201 General Classroom Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor 1929 

http://www.ecu.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, specializing in Shakespeare/ 
Renaissance Literature, starting August 22, 2005. Ph.D. by August 2005 with evidence 
of scholarly and teaching potential required. Service to the university, 
community, and profession is also expected. Position open until filled; screening 
begins December 9, 2004. Send letter, vita, writing sample, and three current 
reference letters to: Professor Bruce Southard, Chair, Box S, Department of 
English, East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. ECU is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action University that accommodates individuals with 
disabilities. Individuals requesting a disability accommodation should call the 
ECU Office of Disability Support Services at 252-328-6799 (Voice/ 
TTY/Relay). Proper documentation of identity and employability are required 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


at the time of employment. Official transcript required upon employment. Visit 
the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/english. [R] 

Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English 1954 

http://www.uncfsu.edu 
At least one tenure-track position for 2005–06 at the Assistant or Associate level, 
depending on qualifications. Effective teaching of composition primary responsibility; 
area of specialization open but we seek individuals with demonstrated success 
in helping students develop critical communication skills. Earned PhD 
required; twelve-hour teaching load standard. Competitive salary and benefits. 
FSU is an Equal Opportunity Employer; women and minorities are encouraged 

to apply. Applications received by December 1 receive fullest consideration. 
Please send letter of application and vita to: 
Chair, Search Committee 
Department of English and Foreign Languages 
Fayetteville State University 
Fayetteville, NC 28301 

U of North Carolina 

Writing Center, CB #5137 Phillips Annex Chapel Hill NC 27599 

Assistant Writing Center Director 1729 

http://www.unc.edu/depts/wcweb/ 
The Writing Center at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (http:// 
www.unc.edu/depts/wcweb) seeks an Assistant Director. Full-time, non-tenure 
track position in an innovative, busy center providing onsite and online service. 
The assistant director will collaborate with the director and graduate student 
consultants to design and deliver services. Minimum qualifications: Master's degree 
in English or a related field (Ph.D. preferred), 2–4 years writing center experience, 
and relevant teaching experience. Demonstrated administrative 
experience an advantage. Skill with instructional technology, non-native language 
learning, or learning disabilities a plus. UNC-CH is an equal opportunity 
employer.Application review begins November 1st. Applications accepted until 
position filled. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three references. 
Teaching portfolios, web work, or other materials that demonstrate ability are 
welcomed. Kimberly Town Abels, Ph.D.DirectorWriting Center CB#5137 
Phillips Annex University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, North 
Carolina 27599-5137 

NORTH DAKOTA 
U of North Dakota 

English, PO Box 7209 Grand Forks ND 58202 

Assistant Professor 1154 

http://www.und.nodak.edu/ 
REVISED DESCRIPTION! 
The Department of English invites applications for a TENURE-TRACK posi


tion in English Renaissance literature, including Shakespeare, at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, beginning August 2005. Ph.D., demonstrated teaching 
effectiveness, and evidence of scholarly achievement required. This position includes 
the teaching of graduate and undergraduate courses as well as introductory 
literature and composition courses. Our normal teaching load is five courses 
a year. We are a thriving, active department with bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D. 
programs in a university of 13,000 students. Our annual writers conference features 
writers of national and international importance (see www.undwritersconference.
org). Our department publishes North Dakota Quarterly and North 
Country, a long-standing student literary journal. Please send letter and c. v. to 
Sheryl O'Donnell, Interim Chair, Department of English, University of North 
Dakota, Grand Forks, ND 58202-7209, or e-mail ursula.hovet@mail.und.nodak 
.edu. We accept applications until the position has been filled. 

We are an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer striving for continued 
diversity. [R] 

OHIO 
Ashland U 

English, 401 College Av Ashland OH 44805 

Assistant Professor, Journalism/English 1733 

http://www.ashland.edu 
Ashland University, Ashland, Ohio-Journalism (English): Assistant Professor, tenure 
track, Ph.D. required. Experience as a professional print journalist required. 
Will advise University newspaper. Must have the ability and commitment to 
teach composition. Knowledge of literary nonfiction, preferred. Send letter of 
interest, vita, sample of published clippings and academic writing sample of approximately 
10 to 20 pages to Professor Deborah Fleming, Acting Chair, Department 
of English, 401 College Avenue, Ashland University, Ashland, Ohio 
44805. Review of applications begin December 10. Ashland University is an 
equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in the workplace. 
www.ashland.edu 

Ashland U 

English, 401 College Av Ashland OH 44805 

Asst.Assoc. Prof., Integrated Language Arts/World, Multicultural or African 
American Literature 1735 

http://www.ashland.edu 
Ashland University, Assistant/Associate Professor, Integrated Language Arts/ 
World, Multicultural or African American Literature (English). Tenure track, 
Ph.D required. Strong commitment to scholarship and undergraduate teaching. 
Knowledge of literature for adolescents. Background of high school teaching and 
ability to supervise student teachers required. Must have ability and commitment 
to teach composition. Send letter of interest, vita, sample of published clippings 
and writing sample of approximately 10 to 20 pages to Professor Deborah Fleming, 
Acting Chair, Department of English, 401 College Avenue, Ashland University, 
Ashland, Ohio 44805. Review of applications begin December 10. 
Ashland University is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity 
in the workplace. www.ashland.edu 

C of Wooster 

English, Wooster OH 44691 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 2319 

http://www.wooster.edu/english/ 
Visiting Assistant Professor of English, 2005–2006. Expertise in teaching writing 
at all levels, with a concentration in fiction and creative nonfiction (including 
memoir). Teaching load will be five courses per year, plus direction of five year


long independent study projects. M.F.A. or Ph. D. preferred, M.A. considered. 
All candidates should have a strong publishing record. 
The College of Wooster is an independent liberal arts institution with a commit


ment to excellence in undergraduate education. AA/EOE. Minority and 
women candidates are encouraged to identify themselves as such if they wish. 
Letter of application, vita, graduate transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation 
should be sent to Daniel Bourne, Chair, Department of English, The College of 
Wooster, Wooster, OH 44691. Application deadline: March 28, 2005. 


John Carroll U 

English, Cleveland OH 44118 

Assistant Professor, Eighteenth Century 1241 

2004–2005 Assistant Professor of English, Eighteenth Century 
John Carroll University has postponed the search for this position until the 
2005–6 academic year. Our thanks to those who submitted applications. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Cincinnati-Clermont C 

Humanities, 4200 Clermont College Dr Batavia OH 45103 

Assistant Professor, English 1722 

http://www.uc.edu 
Earned doctorate in English with college-level teaching experience in composition 
courses. Field specialization or professional emphasis in Composition and 
Rhetoric highly desirable. Secondary specialization in one of the following areas: 
developmental writing, journalism, or technical and professional writing is welcome. 
This position includes teaching 12 credit hours per quarter as well as participation 
in formative assessment and curriculum development in the English 
area, service at the Divisional and College levels, and on-going engagement in 

scholarly activities. UC Clermont College is an open admission college of the 
Univeristy of Cincinnati located in Batavia, Ohio. 
If interested, please send letter of interest, a current curriculum vitae, copies of 

official transcripts, and three names, addresses, and telephone numbers of profession 
references from persons in your discipline to Sylvia Davis, UC Clermont 
College, 4200 Clermont College Drive, Batavia, Ohio 45103 [R] 

Youngstown SU 

English, 1 University Plz Youngstown OH 44555 

Assistant Professor 1842 

http://www.as.ysu.edu/~english/english.htm 
Responsibilities include teaching African American and 20th Century American 
Literature. Candidates should indicate additional areas of teaching expertise and 
interest. Opportunity also for teaching composition and general education 
classes. Applicants must send (1) a letter of interest, (2) a current vita with employment 
history and dates, (3) a copy of your transcript documenting academic 
qualifications for this position, and (4) the names, addresses, phone numbers or 
e-mail addresses of three references to: Dr. Gary Salvner, Chairperson, Department 
of English, Youngstown State University, One University Plaza, 
Youngstown OH 44512. [R] 

OKLAHOMA 
U of Oklahoma 

Expository Writing Program, 401 W Brooks St Bizzell Library Rm 4 
Norman OK 73019 

Director, University of Oklahoma Writing Center 1040 

http://www.ou.edu 
The University of Oklahoma seeks to appoint a director for its Writing Center, 
to begin as soon as December 1 and no later than July 1, 2005. This position will 

be an administrative staff position with the possibility of an adjunct faculty appointment 
within the appropriate academic department. 
The OU Writing Center is an autonomous unit reporting directly to the Senior 

Vice President & Provost; the Director collaborates closely with both the Director 
of the First Year Composition Program (administered within the English Department) 
and the Director of the new Expository Writing Program (Provost 
direct). The Director oversees the Center's daily operations; selects, trains, supervises, 
and evaluates a staff of writing consultants; develops materials and on-line 
programs; promotes and publicizes the Center's services; and works with OU 
faculty to enhance writing across the curriculum. The salary range is $58,000$
60,000. 

Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric or a related field and 
must have some prior experience with a writing center and/or a program in 
writing-across-the-curriculum (WAC/WID). Additional preferred qualifications 
include administrative experience within writing centers, experience in administering 
WAC programs, prior college-level teaching experience, and a record of 
publication. 

Applicants should direct a letter, a vita, a statement of philosophy regarding college-
level writing instruction, and a list of references to: 

Dr. David Long, Director of Expository Writing 
Chair, Search Committee 
University of Oklahoma 
401 W Brooks St, Bizzell Library Rm 4 
Norman OK 73019-6030 
dl@ou.edu 
Initiated in January 2004, this search will remain open until the position is filled. 

The University of Oklahoma is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action 

employer. [R] 

OREGON 
Oregon Inst of Tech 

Communications, 3201 Campus Dr Klamath Falls OR 97601 

Communications (Rhetorician) Faculty 2270 

http://www.oit.edu 
Oregon Institute of Technology, a public four-year institution, seeks rhetorician 
for a full-time, tenure track position in the Communication Department to 
teach general education courses in both oral and written argumentation, and 
courses in composition, communication theory and research, rhetorical theory 

and technical communication beginning Fall Term 2005. Successful candidate 
will also advise students and participate on departmental and college committees. 
A PhD in Communication with an emphasis in Rhetoric or a PhD in English 

with an emphasis in Rhetoric and Composition required. Applicants who are 

ABD will also be considered. 
Review of applicants will begin January 31, 2005 and continue until position is 
filled. To apply, submit a letter of application, current vita, transcripts, and 
names, addresses and phone numbers of three professional references to Oregon 
Institute of Technology, Office of Human Resources, #05–66011, 3201 Campus 
Drive, Klamath Falls, OR 97601. Application materials may also be faxed to 

(541) 885-1115 or sent via email to oithr@oit.edu. 
For further information, please visit the OIT website at www.oit.edu/hr or contact 
Dr. Kevin Brown at (541) 885-1891. 
OIT is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/ADA employer. 


U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Moore Distinguished Visiting Professor 1620 

http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/php/webpage.php?home 
The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a visiting scholar 
to hold the Carlisle and Patricia Moore Distinguished Professorship. We are interested 
in scholars who have a distinguished record of research that focuses on 
issues of race and ethnicity in literature and/or cultural production and who can 
contribute to the development of interdisciplinary ethnic literary studies at the 
University of Oregon. Level of appointment, compensation, and length of the 
visiting residency (from one ten-week term to the entire 2005–2006 academic 
year) will be determined by credentials and situation of the person hired. Duties 
are negotiable and may include teaching one or more specialized courses, orga


nizing a lecture/seminar series and a public lecture. To learn more about this position, 
see http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/php/webpage.php?moore. 
Applications should consist of a c.v., writing sample, and contact information for 

references or dossier service. Review of applications will continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


PENNSYLVANIA 
Geneva C 

English, 3200 College Av Beaver Falls PA 15010 

English Faculty 1952 

http://www.geneva.edu/ 
Geneva College is accepting applications for a full-time, tenure track position in 
the English Department. Ph.D. required with specialization in Medieval and 
World literatures and an interest in future department chair responsibilities. The 
candidate must also demonstrate the ability to teach British Literature survey 
courses as well as one or two of the following areas: interdisciplinary Western 


cultural history; 17th century British literature; 18th century British literature. 
Salary and benefits dependent upon rank and experience. 
Applicants should send a letter of interest, official undergraduate and graduate 


transcripts, vita, three letters of reference, a statement of faith, and a statement of 
the relationship between Christianity and English to Dr. Lynda Szabo, Chair, 
English Search Committee, Geneva College, 3200 College Avenue, Beaver Falls, 
PA 15010 or lszabo@geneva.edu. See www.geneva.edu for more information. 


Geneva College is an evangelical Christian college in the Reformed theological 
tradition. Faculty must be able to articulate a personal faith commitment to Jesus 
Christ and be supportive of a Reformed worldview. The integration of faith and 
learning is a serious priority of the College for both teaching and scholarship. 
Minority and female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Geneva College 
does not discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color, gender, 
handicap, or national or ethnic origin in the selection of employees. 


Indiana U of Pennsylvania 

English, 421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705 

English Education, Assistant Professor 1828 

http://www.iup.edu/humanresources/jobline 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania invites applicants seeking a full-time, tenure-
track position at the assistant professor rank to begin fall, 2005. Candidates must 
be specialists in English education and must be experienced in training and supervising 
pre-service teachers in secondary English. Applicants should be prepared 
to teach courses in pedagogy, specifically the teaching of reading, writing, 
speaking, listening and viewing to adolescents with an emphasis on the uses of 
technology to enhance learning and classroom management in grades 6–12. Previous 
teaching experience in a public secondary school is required. We also value 
recent scholarly activities (e.g., NCTE publications and/or presentations) and experience 
in university or public school service. Applicants should be prepared to 
supervise student teachers and to teach introductory undergraduate literature and 
writing courses, to advise majors, and to participate in department governance. 
A knowledge of or desire to learn about the Pennsylvania State Standards and the 
National Council of Teachers of English Standards for the English Language Arts 

that include preparing teachers for culturally responsive and cross-disciplinary 
experiences with their students is also important. 
Ph.D. or Ed. D. must be in hand at the time of employment. In addition to ex


pertise and scholarship in the specified field, all candidates must have documented 
training and experience in teaching composition and experience in 
teaching literature; proven excellence in teaching; and a demonstrated commitment 
to service. We are particularly seeking potential in leadership. Finalists must 
communicate effectively and perform well during the interview process, which 
will include a teaching demonstration. All applicants must be work eligible. 

Please indicate clearly the position for which you are applying. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vita, original transcripts, three current letters of recommendation, 
and a one-page statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. John 
Marsden, Recruitment Chair, Department of English, 110 Leonard Hall, Indiana 
University of Pennsylvania, Indiana, PA 15705. 

Review of applications will begin on November 8th and will continue until the 
position is filled. We will screen candidates by appointment at the November 
NCTE Convention in Indianapolis or the December MLA Convention in 
Philadelphia and, if necessary, by telephone. We will inviting finalists for campus 

visits in the spring. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to 


apply. IUP is an equal opportunity employer M/F/H/V. 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania is a member of the State System of Higher 
Education. [R] 


Indiana U of Pennsylvania 

English, 421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705 

19th Century British Literature, Assistant Professor 1831 

http://www.iup.edu/humanresources/jobline 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania invites applications for a tenure track teaching 
position at the assistant professor rank to begin fall, 2005. We seek a specialist in 
19th century British literature with a broad knowledge of the field to teach in 
our Graduate Program in Literature and Criticism (M.A. and Ph.D). Secondary 
interest in 18th century British literature is desirable but not required. To qualify 
for graduate teaching, candidates must demonstrate excellence in teaching and 
scholarship, including relevant publication and professional activity. Those teaching 
graduate courses during the academic year are also expected to teach in one 
summer session for our Summers-Only graduate students. Applicants must also 


be prepared to teach undergraduate writing and introductory literature courses, 
to advise majors, and to participate in departmental governance. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. must be in hand at the time of employment. In addition to 


expertise and scholarship in the specified field, all candidates must have documented 
training and experience in teaching composition, and experience in 
teaching literature, proven excellence in teaching, and a demonstrated commitment 
to service. Finalists must communicate effectively and perform well during 
the interview process, which will include a teaching demonstration. All applicants 
must be work eligible. 


How to Apply: Please indicate clearly the position for which you are applying. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vita, original transcripts, three current 
letters of recommendation, and a one-page statement of teaching philosophy to: 
Dr. John Marsden, Recruitment Chair, Department of English, 110 Leonard 
Hall, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Indiana, PA 15705. We anticipate 
screening candidates at the MLA and, if necessary, by telephone. Review of applications 
will begin November 15th and will continue until the position is 
filled. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. IUP is an equal 
opportunity employer M/F/H/V. 


Indiana University of Pennsylvania is a member of the State System of Higher 
Education. [R] 


Indiana U of Pennsylvania 

English, 421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705 

Mythology/Classical Literature in Translation, Assistant Professor 1833 

http://www.iup.edu/humanresources/jobline 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania invites applications for a tenure track undergraduate 
teaching position at the assistant professor rank to begin fall, 2005. We 
seek a scholar/teacher with expertise in one or more of the following areas: classical 
literature in translation, myth, or the Bible as literature. Applicants should 
also be prepared to teach college writing, research writing, and introductory literature, 
to advise majors, and to participate in department governance. A successful 
candidate would have the opportunity to bring his/her vision to current 

course offerings in the area of expertise and might also reinvigorate the Myth 
Center or contribute to the newly approved Honors Track Program. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. should be in hand at the time of employment. In addition 

to expertise and scholarship in the specified field, all candidates must have documented 
training and experience in teaching composition, experience in teaching 
literature, proven excellence in teaching, and a demonstrated commitment to 
service. Finalists must communicate effectively and perform well during the interview 
process, which will include a teaching demonstration. All applicants 
must be work eligible. 

How to apply: Please indicate clearly the position for which you are applying. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vita, original transcripts, three current 
letters of recommendation, and a one-page statement of teaching philosophy to: 
Dr. John Marsden, Recruitment Chair, Department of English, 110 Leonard 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Hall, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Indiana, PA 15705. We anticipate 
screening candidates at the MLA and, if necessary, by telephone. Review of applications 
will begin November 15th and will continue until the position is 
filled. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. IUP is an equal 
opportunity employer. M/F/H/V. 

Indiana University of Pennsylvania is a member of the State System of Higher 
Education. [R] 

Indiana U of Pennsylvania 

English, 421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705 

Writing Specialist/Writing Center Director, Assistant Professor 1832 

http://www.iup.edu/humanresources/jobline 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania anticipates hiring for a tenure track position 
at the assistant professor rank to begin fall, 2005. We seek a Writing Specialist/ 
Writing Center Director to teach at a branch campus and to direct that branch 
campus's Writing Center. Preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate 
experience in developmental writing pedagogies, in composition theory, 
and in Writing Center practices and pedagogies (especially tutor training). Documented 
experience and training in teaching composition, documented experi


ence in teaching literature to first-year students, and documented Writing 
Center experience are required. 
All applicants should demonstrate the ability to teach basic writing, composition, 


research skills, and introductory literature to a wide range of students, including 
developmental and/or non-traditional students. Successful candidates should be 
prepared to advise a wide variety of declared and undeclared majors and to participate 
in departmental governance. 


Qualifications: Ph.D. should be in hand at the time of employment. All candidates 
must have documented training and expertise in teaching composition, 
proven excellence in teaching, and a demonstrated commitment to service. In 
order to become a finalist, a candidate must communicate effectively and perform 
well during interview(s), which will include a teaching demonstration. All 
applicants must be work eligible. 


How to apply: Please indicate clearly the position for which you are applying. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vita, original transcripts, three current 
letters of recommendation, a one-page statement of teaching philosophy to: Dr. 
John Marsden, Recruitment Chair, Dept. of English, 110 Leonard Hall, Indiana 
University of Pennsylvania, Indiana, PA 15705. Review of applications will 
begin on November 15 and continue until the position is filled. We anticipate 
screening candidates at MLA and, if necessary, by telephone. Women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. IUP is an equal opportunity employer 
M/F/H/V. 


Indiana University of Pennsylvania is a member of the State System of Higher 
Education. [R] 


Pennsylvania C of Tech 

Integrated Studies, 1 College Av Williamsport PA 17701 

Faculty, English-Composition 2200 

http://www.pct.edu 
Pennsylvania College of Technology is located in Williamsport, a family-oriented 
community, ideally situated along the Susquehanna River at the foot of 
Bald Eagle Mountain in North Central Pennsylvania, just a four-hour drive from 
New York City, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington D.C. Penn College is 
Pennsylvania's premier technical college and an affiliate of The Pennsylvania 
State University. Approximately 6,000 students are enrolled in Penn College's 

bachelor and associate degree and certificate majors, which combine hands-on 
experience with theory and management education. 
The faculty will instruct and evaluate students in writing courses including Basic 

English and Composition I & II. Minimum qualifications include a Master's Degree 
in Rhetoric, Composition, or closely-related discipline AND progress toward 
completion of a relevant doctorate, which must be completed within first 
three years of employment. The successful candidate will also possess two years 
of equivalent successful full-time college teaching experience in English. An 
earned Doctorate in Rhetoric, Composition, or closely-related discipline is 

highly desired. Finalists will be required to present a sample lesson. Position will 

start Fall 2005 semester, August 18, 2005. 
Penn College offers a competitive salary and benefits package including excellent 
educational benefits for employees and dependents at Penn College and Penn 
State. Submit a completed College application for employment AND a letter of 
interest and resume to: Human Resources (226), Pennsylvania College of Technology, 
One College Avenue, Williamsport, PA 17701. Position will remain 
open until a suitable candidate is identified. For more information about Penn 
College, please visit our Web site at www.pct.edu. A detailed job announcement 
and an application for employment are available at www.pct.edu/ 
humareso/stafjobs.htm or by calling (570) 327-4770. 

Penn College is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity 
of its workforce 

Pennsylvania C of Tech 

Integrated Studies, 1 College Av Williamsport PA 17701 

Faculty, Speech Communication-Composition 2201 

http://www.pct.edu 
Pennsylvania College of Technology is located in Williamsport, a family-
oriented community, ideally situated along the Susquehanna River at the foot of 
Bald Eagle Mountain in North Central Pennsylvania, just a four-hour drive from 
New York City, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington D.C. Penn College is 
Pennsylvania's premier technical college and an affiliate of The Pennsylvania 
State University. Approximately 6,000 students are enrolled in Penn College's 

bachelor and associate degree and certificate majors, which combine hands-on 
experience with theory and management education. 
The faculty will instruct and evaluate students in Fundamentals of Speech and 

Composition. Minimum qualifications include a Master's Degree in Speech 
Communication or closely related discipline with additional coursework or certification 
in English Composition OR a Master's Degree in Rhetoric, Composition, 
English, or closely related discipline with additional coursework or 
certification in Speech Communication. The successful candidate will also be in 
the process of completing a relevant doctorate, which must be completed within 
three years of employment; and possess two years of equivalent successful full-
time college teaching experience in speech and composition. An earned Ph.D. 
in Speech Communication, Rhetoric, Composition, or English is highly desired. 
Finalists will be required to present a sample lesson. Position will start Fall 2005 
semester, August 18, 2005. 

Penn College offers a competitive salary and benefits package including excellent 
educational benefits for employees and dependents at Penn College and Penn 
State. Submit a completed College application for employment AND a letter of 
interest and resume to: Human Resources (226), Pennsylvania College of Technology, 
One College Avenue, Williamsport, PA 17701. Position will remain 
open until a suitable candidate is identified. For more information about Penn 
College, please visit our Web site at www.pct.edu. A detailed job announcement 
and an application for employment are available at www.pct.edu/ 
humareso/stafjobs.htm or by calling (570) 327-4770. 

Penn College is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity 
of its workforce 

West Chester U 

English, University & High St, Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor of English 869 

http://www.wcupa.edu/_academics/sch_cas.eng/ 
Assistant Professor of English, West Chester University of Pennsylvania. Progressive, 
English Studies-oriented department invites applicants for a full-time, tenure-
track position as Assistant Professor beginning August 2005. Required: 
Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature completed by beginning of appointment; 
scholarly specialization in 20th-century British studies. Desirable secondary 
qualifications include expertise in postcolonial studies; comparative and 
world literatures; gender studies; and an interest in interdisciplinary work involving 
textual studies and visual, performative, or material culture. Position requires 
commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching and an active scholarly 
agenda. Four course load includes teaching in a cultural-studies composition 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


program; successful candidate will participate in department, college, and university 
governance. Finalists must complete successful on-campus interview that includes 
a scholarly presentation and a teaching demonstration. Highly competitive 
salary and benefits. Applicants should send letter of interest, vita, three letters of 
recommendation, plus graduate and undergraduate transcripts to Dr. Cheryl 
Wanko, Chair, Department of English, West Chester University, West Chester, 
PA 19383-2124. Review of candidates begins on November 30 and continues 
until position is filled. West Chester University is an Affirmative Action-Equal 
Opportunity Employer. West Chester University encourages women and minorities 
to apply. [R] 

SOUTH CAROLINA 
Coker C 

Mod Lang & Lit, 300 E College Av Hartsville SC 29550 

Assistant Professor 2059 

http://www.coker.edu 
English: Coker College's Department of Communication, Language, and Literature 
seeks applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor to serve as the Director 
of the Writing Center beginning August 2005. Candidates must hold a doctorate 
in composition and rhetoric. Applicants with creative writing experience will 
receive special consideration. Successful candidate will teach two courses a semester 
while supervising the writing program at the Hartsville main campus and 
satellite campuses. Desire to instruct non-traditional students is essential. Minorities 
and women are encouraged to apply. Review of applicants will begin January 
16 and will continue until the position is filled. Send application letter, 
curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. David McCracken, 
Coker College, 300 East College Avenue, Hartsville, S.C. 29550. EOE www 
.coker.edu. 

U of South Carolina 

Languages, Literature & Composition, 800 University Way Spartanburg SC 
29303 

Assistant Professor of Literature 2314 

http://www.uscupstate.edu 
Assistant Professor of Literature: nine-month, tenure-track position starting August 
16, 2005. Responsible for development and teaching of the Drama and Film 
curricula and research in the fields of Drama and Film Studies. Minimum requirements: 
a terminal degree in English or a related field and a strong, demonstrated 
commitment to undergraduate teaching, plus full participation in 
departmental activities including student advising and committee service. Expertise 
in screenwriting or playwriting highly desirable. Review of applications will 
begin March 1, 2005, and continue until the position is filled. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, undergraduate and graduate transcripts, and 3 letters 
of recommendation to Dr. Warren Carson, chair, Department of Languages, Lit


erature and Composition, USC Upstate, 800 University Way, Spartanburg, SC, 
29303, 864-503-5634. www.uscupstate.edu 
USC Upstate is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and institu


tional diversity. [R] 

TENNESSEE 
Belmont U 

English, 1900 Belmont Blvd Nashville TN 37212 

Assistant Professor of English 2176 

http://www.belmont.edu/english 
Belmont University's Department of English invites application for a full-time, 
tenure track position in Composition, beginning August 2005. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in rhetoric/composition, successfully defended by time of appointment, 
and demonstrated excellence and substantial experience in teaching composition. 
Preference will be given to applicants with primary interest in teaching 


first-year composition; advanced composition; business/professional writing; 
and/or writing for new media. Successful candidate will demonstrate commitment 
to regular teaching of first-year writing and other general education 
courses; position includes opportunities for teaching upper-division and graduate 
courses in Belmont's growing undergraduate and MA Writing programs. As 
teaching in the university's general education program encompasses an important 
part of the position's duties, special attention will be given to candidates with 
cross-disciplinary, collaborative, and innovative teaching experiences and/or 
interests. 

Send letter of application, c.v., and statement of teaching philosophy to the address 
given below. Review of applications will begin January 21 and continue 
until the position is filled. As part of the application process, candidates are asked 
to respond to Belmont's mission, vision, and values statements in writing, articulating 
how the applicant's knowledge, experience and beliefs have provided 
preparation for functioning in support of that statement. (These statements can 
be found at http://www.belmont.edu/visitors/mission.cfm.) 

A comprehensive, coeducational university, Belmont is a student-centered, 
teaching university focusing on academic excellence. The university is dedicated 
to providing students from diverse backgrounds an academically challenging education 
in a Christian community and is affiliated with the Tennessee Baptist 
Convention. Belmont is an EOE/AA employer under all applicable civil rights 
laws. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

TEXAS 
Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant Professor of English—World Literature 

http://www.shsu.edu/~eng.www 
Tenure-track appointment, contingent on funding and final approval. Primary 
emphasis in World Literature, secondary emphasis in one of the following preferred: 
Minority Literature, Rhetoric and/or Professional Communication. 
Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required, publications desirable. Teach 


3/3, including undergraduate and graduate courses in World Literature and in 
secondary specialty and undergraduate courses in composition. 
Send letter of interest, c.v., and list of 3 references (including name, address, 


phone, and e-mail for each) to Bill Bridges, Department Chair, Department of 
English and Foreign Languages, P.O. Box 2146, Sam Houston State University, 
Huntsville, TX 77341. Do not send a dossier or writing sample until requested. 
Applications will be acknowledged. Position open until filled. SHSU is an equal 
employment opportunity/affirmative action plan employer. [R] 


Sul Ross SU 

Langs & Lit, PO Box C-89 Alpine TX 79832 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.sulross.edu 
Full-time tenure-track positiion in creative writing—fiction, beginning Fall 
2005. Teaching load of four courses each semester, graduate and undergraduate, 
which may include freshman composition, technical writing, and/or literature. 
Ph.D. preferred; M.F.A. considered. College or university teaching experience 
required. Commitment to teaching essential. Salary: $37,500. Send letter of application 
specifying teaching philosophy, resume, copies of transcripts, and three 
letters of recommendation to Director of Human Resources, Sul Ross State 
University, Box C-13, Alpine, TX 79832. Review of applications will begin 
March 1 and continue until position is filled. Sul Ross State University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Rhetoric, Composition, Pedagogy 2280 

http://www.class.uh.edu/English/ 
The Department of English, at the University of Houston, is seeking an accomplished 
and active scholar in rhetoric and composition to participate in the development 
and implementation of a graduate concentration in rhetoric and writing 
to complement our program in creative writing. We are particularly interested in 

established scholars at the rank of associate or full professor specializing in writing 
pedagogy. Faculty teach in both the graduate and undergraduate programs. 
The University of Houston is the premier public doctoral institution in the 

nation's fourth largest city. Please send letter, vita, and dossier to Professor 
Wyman H. Herendeen, Chair, Department of English, University of Houston, 
Houston, TX 77204-3013. Review of applications will begin 15 January and 
continue until the position is filled. The University of Houston is an equal opportunity/
affirmative action employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Renaissance/Early Modern Literature and Honors College 2281 

http://www.class.uh.edu/English/ 
The Department of English and the Honors College at the University of Houston 
are seeking applicants with a record of excellence in teaching and scholarship 
for a tenure-track position in Renaissance/Early Modern Literature, at the rank 
of assistant professor. Teaching responsibilities will include undergraduate and 
graduate courses in 16th and 17th century dramatic and non-dramatic literature 
and introductory courses for first-year Honors students and non-majors. The 

successful candidate must have a clear commitment to undergraduate teaching as 
well as an active and productive research agenda. 
The University of Houston is the premier public doctoral institution in the na


tion's fourth largest city. Please send letter, vita, and dossier to Professor Wyman 

H. Herendeen, Chair, Department of English, University of Houston, TX 
77204-3013. Review of applications will begin 15 January 2005 and continue 
until the position is filled. The University of Houston is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative action employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 
U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor 1928 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english 
Applications and nominations are invited for two tenure-track positions at the 
rank of Assistant Professor beginning Fall 2005. Area of specialization is open. 
The Department of English seeks generalists to teach composition and some literature 
courses in our undergraduate, general-education core curriculum. Required: 
PhD or A.B.D. in English or a related field by the appointment date and 
a demonstrated interest in the teaching of writing as well as a strong commitment 
to undergraduate teaching. Preferred: teaching experience with a diverse 
student body and a demonstrated interest in a cultural studies approach that em


phasizes ethnicity, race, class, immigration, gender or transnational issues to 
lower-division composition and literature courses. 
For more information about the Department of English, please visit our web 

page (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). Screening of applications will 
begin immediately. Positions open until filled. Send application letter, all undergraduate 
and graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Professor 
Steven Schneider, Chair, Department of English, University of Texas—Pan 
American, Edinburg, Texas 78541. The University is committed to equal employment 
opportunities and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. This position is security-sensitive and subject to 
Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain crimi


nal history record information. Texas law requires faculty members whose primary 
language is not English to demonstrate proficiency in English. 
F04/05–06 [R] 


U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor-Composition 1930 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english 
Applications and nominations are invited for two tenure-track positions at the 
rank of Assistant Professor beginning Fall 2005. Required: PhD or A.B.D. in English 
or a related field by the appointment date and a demonstrated interest in the 
teaching of writing as well as a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching. 
Preferred: teaching experience with a diverse student body, a cultural studies ap


proach to the teaching of writing, experience teaching developmental courses, 
and a research interest and background in composition and/or critical literacy. 
For more information about the Department of English, please visit our web 

page (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). Screening of applications will 
begin immediately. Positions open until filled. Send application letter, all undergraduate 
and graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Professor 
Steven Schneider, Chair, Department of English, University of Texas—Pan 
American, Edinburg, Texas 78541. The University is committed to equal employment 
opportunities and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. Note: This position is security-sensitive and subject 
to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain 
criminal history record information. Texas law requires faculty members whose 
primary language is not English to demonstrate proficiency in English. F04/ 
05–05 [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Open Rank-Border Studies 1931 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english 
The University of Texas-Pan AmericanDepartment of EnglishEdinburg, Texas 
78541Open Rank/Border StudiesThe Department of English seeks applications 
and nominations for a tenure-track faculty member specializing in Border Studies, 
with an emphasis on immigration, ethnicity, race, class in the US/Mexico 
border and/or a focus on transnational studies to begin Fall 2005. Rank open. 
Joint appointment with the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures is 
a possibility. Required: PhD in English with an emphasis on Cultural Studies or 
a related field by the appointment date. Strong record of publication and research. 
Preferred: Teaching experience with a diverse student body.For more information 
about the Department of English, please visit our web page (http:// 
www.panam.edu/dept/english). Screening of applications will begin immediately. 
Position open until filled. Send application letter, all undergraduate and 
graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Professor Steven 
Schneider, Chair, Department of English, University of Texas—Pan American, 
Edinburg, Texas 78541. The University is committed to equal employment opportunities 
and encourages applications from women, minorities, and persons 
with disabilities. This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education 
Code 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain criminal history 
record information. Texas law requires faculty members whose primary language 
is not English to demonstrate proficiency in English. F04/05–07 [R] 

VIRGINIA 
Averett U 

Dean of Arts and Sciences, 420 W Main St Danville VA 24541 

Assistant Professor 2182 

http://www.averett.edu 
Averett University, a small, private university, invites applications for a tenure-
track position as Assistant Professor. Responsibilities include developing and run-

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


ning a Writing Center and teaching two classes of composition each semester. 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition preferred. Submit a letter of application, resume, 
unofficioal transcripts, and names and phone numbers of three references 
to Dr. Jeffrey Fager, Dean of Arts and Sciences, Averett University, 420 W. Main 
St., Danville, VA 24541. Appointment begins in fall 2005. [R] 

Hampton U 

English, East Queen St Hampton VA 23668 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 2320 

http://www.hamptonu.edu 
Assistant Profesor of English. British Literature prior to 1800. Experience with 
post-colonial literature also desirable. Starts Fall 2005. Temporary/annual with 
possibility of conversion to tenure-track. Prefer doctorate in hand with some 
teaching experience, perhaps as a graduate assistant, a clearly defined area of specialization 
(for example, Shakespeare or Renaissance/Jacobean drama)), and clear 
potential to contribute to the discipline. The teaching load is twelve hours and 
normally includes one or more composition courses. Salary open. Initial inquiry 
should be postmarked no later than March 1 and include detailed resume with 
cover letter. Non-US citizens must also indicate emigration status. Receipt acknowledged 
immediately. Finalists will be invited to submit a full application 
ASAP after March 1. Please address faculty Search Committee, Department of 
English, Hampton University, Hampton, Virginia 23668. Hampton University is 
an equal opportunity employer. [R] 

Sweet Briar C 

English, Fletcher 313 Sweet Briar VA 24595 

Assistant Professor, Poetry 2328 

http://www.english.sbc.edu 
Sweet Briar College. The English Department is seeking a poet to fill a full-time, 
tenure-track position in the Creative Writing program at the assistant professor 
level. Requirements: M.F.A. or equivalent; demonstrated commitment to and 
excellence in college-level teaching; strong record of publication, including at 
least one book. Teaching load for full-time faculty is normally three courses per 
semester; teaching duties will include introductory and advanced poetry workshops 
as well as one section per year of the college's required first-year writing 
course. Other duties include supervision of independent study and senior portfolio 
projects and assisting the creative writing director in organizing the annual 
visiting writers series. Sweet Briar College is a small liberal arts college for 
women located in the foothills of the Blue Ridge mountains about fifty miles 
south of Charlottesville. The Virginia Center for the Creative Arts is located on 
college property one mile from the college's campus. Send letter of application, 
c.v., writing sample, and three letters of recommendation to John Gregory 
Brown, Director of Creative Writing, Sweet Briar College, Sweet Briar, VA 
24595. Application deadline: February 28, 2005. Sweet Briar College is an EO 
employer. 

WEST VIRGINIA 
West Virginia SU 

English, PO Box 1000 Institute WV 25112 

Communication/Media Studies 3 Tenure Track Positions 2038 

http://www.wvstateu.edu 
Communications/Media Studies—3 Tenure Track Positions: 


1. Assistant Professor, film, video production and media theory. Related teaching 
assignments could include one or more of the following: Filmmaking, TV Production, 
Film Appreciation, Scriptwriting, etc. Ph.D. or MFA required, professional 
experience in the area of film, video and/or new media desirable. 
2. Assistant Professor, Speech Communication. Related teaching assignments 
could include one or more of the following: TV Production, Journalism, Theatre, 
and/or Mass Communications, depending upon candidate's background and 
interest. Ph.D. in Communications or closely related field required. 
3. Assistant Professor, Media Production. Teaching will include graduate and undergraduate 
courses in production as well as theory. Experience with contemporary 
software imaging programs and digitally based photo, film/video, and audio 
editing as well as hands-on experience in film, video and digital production and 
post-production. Ph.D. or MFA required, professional experience in the area of 
film, video and/or new media desirable. 
Letter, vita, names, phone numbers, and email addresses of three references to 
Dr. David Wohl, Dean, School of Arts and Humanities, 402 Davis Fine Arts, 
West Virginia State University, PO Box 1000, Institute, WV 25112-1000 or 
email with attachments to dwohl@wvstateu.edu 

Review of all applications will begin December 15, 2004 and will continue until 
position is filled. Starting date for all positions: August 15, 2005. Rank and salary 
dependent upon background, skills, and experience. 

West Virginia Wesleyan C 

English, Buckhannon WV 26201 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://wvwc.edu 
Tenure-track position for fall of 2005. Must have the Ph.D by August 2005 with 
a focus on Medieval and Renaissance Literature capable of teaching History and 
Structure of English. Additional ability to teach literary criticism would be an 
asset. The normal teaching load is 12 hours per semeter, and all faculty teach 
composition and introductory literature courses. We seek a candidate committed 
to teaching and serious scholarship. Wesleyan's English department is a strong 
one, with undergraduate tracks in writing, literary studies and English education. 
West Virginia Wesleyan is a liberal arts college of 1500 located in the foothills of 

the Appalachians, midway between Pittsburgh and Charleston, WV, in Buckhannon, 
WV, named one of the "100 Best Small Towns in America." 
To apply: Send letter of application, CV, unofficial graduate and undergraduate 

transcripts, brief statements of teaching philosophy, representative student evaluations 
and syllabi and three letters of reference to Dr. Larry Parsons, Academic 
Dean, WVWC, 59 College Ave., Buckhannon, WV 26201. Minority and female 
candidates are encouraged to apply. Review of applications will begin immedialtely 
and continue until position is filled. EOE [R] 

WISCONSIN 
Saint Norbert C 

English, 100 Grant St De Pere WI 54115 

American Literature and American Studies 

http://www.snc.edu 
St. Norbert College. Tenure-track, entry-level in American Literature and 
American Studies. Ph.D. required. Start August 2005. Primary specialization in 
19th-and/or 20th-century American literature. Significant background in one or 
more of the following secondary areas is desirable: film and media studies, global 
studies, and cultural studies. We seek an energetic person to direct the American 
Studies minor, and to teach the Introductory American Studies course as well as 
other introductory, survey, and upper-level courses in the person's area and in 
our General Education curriculum. Commitment to undergraduate teaching is 
essential. Course load of three classes per semester, normal committee, advisement, 
and other collegial duties. St. Norbert College is a Catholic, liberal arts 
college embracing the Norbertine tradition of community. For additional infor


mation regarding St. Norbert College and details of the program, please visit the 
website at www.snc.edu. 
Screening of applications will begin November 15 and continue until the posi


tion is filled. Please indicate if you will attend the MLA. Send application letter, 
curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and dossier to: Dr. Howard 
Ebert, Associate Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts, St. Norbert College, 100 
Grant Street, De Pere, WI 54115-2099. Applications will be acknowledged. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. St. Norbert is an AA/EO 
employer. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


WYOMING 
U of Wyoming 

English, PO Box 3353 Laramie WY 82071 

Assistant Professor of English—Creative Writing, Fiction 362 

http://uwacadweb.uwyo.edu/English/ 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in the writing and teaching of fiction 
to start fall of 2005. Higher rank possible for an individual with an outstanding 
teaching and publication record. Responsibilities include teaching fiction 
workshops and literature courses at the graduate and undergraduate level, serving 
as thesis advisor in a new interdisciplinary MFA program, and organizing public 
literary events. Teaching experience, an MFA or PhD, and significant publication 
(at least one book of fiction) are essential; nonfiction publication and/or desire to 
work with students and colleagues in the arts and sciences would be useful. Pre-
tenure course load is 2/2. Salary competitive. Review of completed applications 
will begin Nov. 15. Please send cover letter, c.v. and references to Lora Steele, 
Office Assistant, Department 3353, University of Wyoming, 1000 East Univer


sity Avenue, Laramie, WY 82071, marked ATTN: Search Committee for 
Fiction. 
The University of Wyoming is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 

employer. [R] 

U of Wyoming 

English, PO Box 3353 Laramie WY 82071 

Associate Professor of English—Creative Writing, Director of MFA Program 363 

http://uwacadweb.uwyo.edu/English/ 
Tenure-line Associate Professor with extensive teaching experience and significant 
publication to direct new interdisciplinary MFA program in creative writing 
beginning fall of 2005. MA, MFA, or PhD required. Responsibilities include 
teaching writing workshops and literature courses at the graduate and undergraduate 
level, coordinating student admissions, serving as thesis director, organizing 
public events, directing internships, and leading faculty efforts in 
curriculum development, fund-raising, and publicity. The new MFA program at 
the University of Wyoming is designed to be of high quality and innovative. The 
ideal Director is likely to be a well-established writer who has administrative experience 
and a strong desire to work with students and colleagues in other disciplines. 
Course load will be 1/1. Salary will be commensurate with experience, 
and rank may be negotiable for exceptional candidates. Review of completed applications 
will begin Nov. 15. Please send cover letter, c.v., list of references, evidence 
of effective teaching, and writing sample to Lora Steele, Office Assistant, 

Department 3353, University of Wyoming, 1000 East University Avenue, 
Laramie, WY 82071, marked ATTN: Search Committee for MFA Director. 
The University of Wyoming is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 

employer. [R] 

DEPARTMENT CHAIRS/DEANSHIPS 
Armstrong Atlantic SU 

Langs, Lit, & Philos, 11935 Abercorn St Savannah GA 31419 

Department Head 1053 

http://www.llp.armstrong.edu 
Armstrong Atlantic State University invites applications for the head of its Department 
of Languages, Literature, and Philosophy. The successful applicant will 
have a Ph. D. in English, a foreign language, philosophy, or a related discipline; 
demonstrated administrative leadership abilities; a proven commitment to excellence 
in teaching, and a record of scholarship sufficient for tenured appointment 
as associate or full professor. Department faculty (28 full-time, plus adjuncts) possess 
an accomplished record in teaching, research, and service. Bachelor's degrees 
are offered in English, English with Teaching Certification, English (Communications), 
Spanish, and Spanish with Teaching Certification; minors include English, 
communications, writing, philosophy, linguistics, film, Spanish, French, 

and German. Located twelve miles south of the historic district of Savannah and 
enrolling approximately 7,000 students, Armstrong is a unit of the University 
System of Georgia. 

Applicants should send a letter of application addressing qualifications; a complete 
curriculum vitae including references and their contact information; and 
three letters of recommendation to: Languages, Literature, and Philosophy 
Search Committee, Dean of Arts and Sciences, Armstrong Atlantic State University, 
11935 Abercorn Street, Savannah, Georgia 31419-1997. Applications will 
be reviewed as they are received until the position is filled. Minority applicants 
are encouraged to apply. Georgia is an open records law state, AA/EOE. [R] 

Chapman U 

English & Comp Lit, 333 N Glassell Orange CA 92866 

Chair 985 

http://www.chapman.edu 
Chapman University, a comprehensive, liberal-arts based university, in southern 
California, seeks a chair, for the Department of English & Comparative Literature. 
Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature required. Candidates must possess 
a distinguished record of teaching and research. Administrative experience at 
the level of department chair or program director is highly desirable. Area of 
scholarship and teaching open. Applicants must also demonstrate commitment to 
general education, composition, creative writing, and graduate education. With 
approximately 240 undergraduate and graduate majors, the department offers 
undergraduate programs in literature, comparative literature, creative writing and 
journalism, and graduate degrees in literature and creative writing. Applicants 
should send letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference to: Dr. Mark 
Axelrod, Chair, Department of English and Comparative Literature, Chapman 
University, Orange, CA 92866. Application review begins November 1, 2004, 
and will continue until the position is filled. Chapman University is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer, committed to providing career opportunities to all people, 
without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, sexual 
orientation, disability, or veteran status. [R] 

Embry-Riddle Aeronautical U 

Humanities & Social Sciences, 600 S Clyde Morris Blvd Daytona Beach FL 
32114 

Chair: Humanities/Social Sciences Dept. 1878 

http://www.erau.edu/jobs 
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Daytona Beach, Florida, seeks nominations 
and applications for Chair of the Humanities and Social Sciences Department, 
beginning academic year 2005–2006. Consisting of 26 full-time and a 
dozen part-time faculty members, the department's primary mission is to provide 
high quality courses to meet the requirements of the University's General Education 
program. In addition, the department offers two B.S. degrees in communication 
and in interdisciplinary studies. The department seeks a dynamic, 
people-oriented chair who will help the faculty develop current and possibly 
new degree programs; to enhance General Education offerings; and to build on 
the department's scholarly agenda.The candidate should be an energetic leader 
with a collaborative style who can demonstrate significant, successful management 
experience. The chair will be expected to: —Encourage student learning 
and faculty/staff development in a supportive, collegial department;—Represent 
the department effectively to internal and external constituencies, including the 
Dean of the College of Arts & Sciences;—Provide guidance in continuous improvements 
in curriculum, quality of instruction, student retention, research and 
other types of scholarship;—Recruit qualified faculty;—Assist the Dean of the 
College of Arts & Sciences to ensure continuous growth and improvements in 
the college;—Maintain currency in the classroom by a limited teaching assignment.
Candidates must have a doctorate in a liberal arts or communication field 
appropriate to the department, and must have an academic record sufficient for 
appointment to an associate or full professor position. Ideal candidates will have a 
record of excellence in teaching and demonstrate experience with or knowledge 
of liberal arts education at technological institutions.Embry-Riddle is the world's 
largest, fully accredited university specializing in aviation and aerospace. See 
www.erau.edu for more information.Candidates should send a letter of applica-

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


tion, vita, and names of three references to: Karen Jacobs Jacobska@erau.edu 
Human Resources Corsair 100 Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Daytona 
Beach, FL 32114-3900 

Rutgers U 

African-Amer & African Studies, 175 University Av, 323 Conk lin Hall 
Newark NJ 07102 

Chair, African-American & African Studies 1726 

http://www.afam.rutgers.edu 
The Department of African-American & African Studies at Rutgers University-
Newark is pleased to announce its search for a new chair. The Department seeks 
a well-established, senior scholar who can build on our strengths while guiding 
the Department into its evolving role on the Rutgers-Newark campus. The position 
will be a senior appointment (associate or full professor) in African-American 
& African Studies and a joint appointment in and appropriate affiliate 
department.The Department seeks both leadership and scholarship in a senior 
scholar who will balance traditional scholarly commitment to the African-American 
community with an increasing focus on the international community. We 
are particularly interested in established scholars who engage in comparative 
work on African-Americans and African Diaspora populations. The Department 
wishes to position itself at the forefront of the new scholarship that is now taking 
place in Diaspora and Immigrant Studies. The location of our campus in New 
Jersey's largest city and home to important immigrant populations provides significant 
opportunities.Our faculty is comprised both of full and joint appointments, 
as well as of affiliate faculty from a range of academic departments, 
including English, History, Philosophy, Anthropology, Sociology, Social Work, 
and the Law School-Newark. In addition, the Department is linked to important 
research institutes at Rutgers including the Institute on Ethnicity, Culture, and 
the Modern Experience (http://ethnicity.rutgers.edu); the Joseph C. Cornwall 
Center for Metropolitan Studies (http://www.cornwall.rutgers.edu); the Center 
for Global Change & Governance (http://cgcg.rutgers.edu), as well as the Rutgers 
University Center for Historical Analysis (http://rcha.rutgers.edu) and the 
Center for African Studies (http://ruafrica.rutgers.edu) in New 
Brunswick.While serving an undergraduate population, the Department has 
been central to broadening Rutgers-Newark's graduate offerings in the humanities 
and social sciences. African-American/African Studies will be part of the 
new American Studies Ph.D. Program, which, with its expanded definition of 
the Americas, its broadening of interdisciplinary scope beyond the traditional 
English-History continuum, and its emphasis on immigration and ethnicity, is 
conceived in such a way that the study of African Diaspora peoples is central to 
its success. Participation of African-American/African Studies faculty in the doctoral 
programs in Global Studies and Urban Systems is also encouraged.Please 
send a letter of interest, a curriculum vita and names of three references to: Professor 
Clement Price, Chair, African-American & African Studies Search Committee, 
Office of the Dean, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, 325 Hill Hall, Rutgers 
University-Newark, Newark NJ 07102. [R] 

SU of New York 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Department Chair 907 

http://www.albany.edu 
The English Department of the University at Albany (SUNY) invites applications 
for the position of Department Chair at the rank of Full Professor. PhD is 
required. We are looking for an outstanding scholar with significant administrative 
experience. The applicant should be committed to a plurality of approaches 
to scholarship and teaching and should value participatory administrative styles. 
A demonstrated ability working with and instructing culturally diverse groups of 
people is required. Send letter of application, c.v., and the names and contact details 
of three referees to Professor Randall Craig, Chair of the Search Committee. 
Credentials will be reviewed beginning November 14, 2004 but applications will 
be accepted until the position is filled. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Starting date: August 15, 2005; Apply to: Professor Randall 
Craig, Chair, Search Committee, HU 333, The University at Albany, 1400 
Washington Avenue, Albany, NY 12222 

The University at Albany, SUNY is an EO/AA/IRCA/ADA Employer. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Ave, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Dean-Division of Humanities, Arts, and Cultural Studies 1781 

http://chancellor.ucdavis.edu/resource/recruit/recruit.cfm 
Dean—Division of Humanities, Arts, and Cultural StudiesUniversity of California, 
DavisThe University of California, Davis invites applications and nominations 
for the position of Dean of the Division of Humanities, Arts, and Cultural 
Studies. The Division is one of three within the College of Letters and Science 
and has 270 full time faculty including 60 lecturers, 2,100 undergraduate students 
in 26 majors, and a graduate student enrollment of approximately 360. The 
Division is composed of 28 departments and programs as follows: English, arts 
(Art Studio, Art History, Theatre and Dance, Design, Music, Technocultural 
Studies); ethnic and cultural studies (Native American Studies, African American 
and African Studies, Asian American Studies, American Studies, Chicano/a 
Studies, Women and Gender Studies, Cultural Studies Graduate Group), languages 
and literatures (German and Russian, Spanish and Classics, East Asian 
Languages and Cultures, French and Italian, Comparative Literature), and programs 
in Religious Studies, Humanities, Critical Theory, Medieval and Early 
Modern Studies, Nature and Culture, and Film Studies. The Division also 
houses the Humanities Institute and the University Writing Program.The Dean 
is the chief academic and administrative officer of the Division, with responsibility 
for the academic leadership of the Division and the management of its resources, 
including faculty and staff, physical facilities, and budget. The Dean 
participates in campus-wide policy development through membership on the 
Council of Deans and Vice Chancellors. Together with the Deans of the other 
two divisions within the College of Letters and Science-the Division of Mathematical 
and Physical Sciences and the Division of Social Sciences-the Dean 
shares oversight for student advising and operation of the College's central administrative 
function and takes a lead role in the external relations and development 
activities of the College. The Dean also plays a key role in the Robert and 
Margrit Mondavi Center for the Performing Arts, working with academic departments 
to integrate the performing arts into the intellectual life of the cam-
pus.We seek candidates with a deep commitment to academic excellence who 
can lead the Division and the College in its continuing development. Qualifications 
include a distinguished record of teaching, research, and service appropriate 
for appointment as Professor in the Division; demonstrated ability for creative 
leadership and management; and the energy and vigor to translate ideas into action. 
The University of California, Davis, has a strong institutional commitment 
to the achievement of diversity among its faculty, staff, and students and seeks an 
individual who shares that commitment.Salary will be commensurate with experience 
and qualifications. The starting date will be July 1, 2005 or as negotiated.
The position will remain open until filled. Electronic submissions are 
encouraged. Nominations and applications should be addressed to: Larry N. 
Vanderhoef, ChancellorUniversity of California, DavisOne Shields AvenueDavis, 
CA 95616-8558 orlnvanderhoef@ucdavis.edu 

Stephen F Austin SU 

English & Philosophy, PO Box 13007, SFA Stn Nacogdoches TX 75962 

2329 
http://www.sfasu.edu 
Assistant Professor 
Description: Ph.D. in English or comparative literature: specialty world literature 
with European emphasis, approximately 1800 to present. Credentials/experience 
to teach European/American/British drama and/or European novel a definite 
plus. Candidate's ability to work with technical writing, computer writing, rhetoric 
composition, particularly experience in instructing graduate teaching assistant's 
to teach freshman writing courses would greatly enhance application. All 
faculty teach a variety of courses from freshman through M.A. level; summer 
teaching available: tenure track faculty eligible for sabbatical leave for research 
and writing after three years. Faculty are expected to be involved in activities that 
support student recruitment and retention.. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


LINGUISTICS AND ESL 
C of the Sequoias 

Lang Arts, 915 S Mooney Blvd Visalia CA 93277 

ADJUNCT ESL INSTRUCTORS 2227 

http://www.cos.edu 
Description of Position College of the Sequoias is continuously seeking to build 
a pool of adjunct faculty to teach in the various divisions. Adjunct faculty at the 
College are an integral part the College's staff, helping us meet the needs of our 
students. In addition, adjunct faculty often bring a wealth of practical experience 
to the classroom.A collective bargaining agreement exists, and membership in 
the College of the Sequoias Adjunct Faculty Association/Communication 
Workers of America [COSAFA/CWA] or payment of a service fee is required. 
Initial salary placement is on Step 1 and appropriate column placement depends 
on the degree held. Beginning salaries range from $34.96 to $41.03Minimum 
Qualifications: In order to teach in a discipline, all faculty must meet the minimum 
qualifications as established by the California Community Colleges Chancellor's 
Office.Application Procedure Applicants must submit the following 
materials.—Completed COS (Central 14) application form—Letter of interest 
which states the discipline applied for, your degrees, and your workexperience 
(including the number of years ofrelated experience.)—Unofficial transcripts— 
One letter of recommendation—If claiming equivalency, the completed equivalency 
documents must be attached.Send to: Human Resource ServicesAdjunct 
Application College of the Sequoias 915 S. Mooney Blvd.Visalia, CA 932772214Note: 
Incomplete application packages will not be forwarded to the division 
chair or area administrator for consideration in the hiring process. All 
documents received become the property of the District and will not be returned. 
Human Resource Services will not copy any of the materials submitted 
for the applicant.Screening Procedure Only complete application packages will 
be evaluated and forwarded to the appropriate division. Application packages 
will be screened to determine whether or not the applicant will be invited for an 
interview and teaching demonstration. If a position does not exist in the discipline 
applied for, the application will be kept on file for a minimum of one year. 
All costs incurred as a result of the application/selection process shall be borne by 
the applicant. 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 357 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu 
TESOL/English Linguistics. Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall, 2005. Ph.D. in Applied Linguistics or related field required 
by August, 2005. Ability to teach graduate courses in MA-TESOL program, 
TESOL methodology, assessment, and curriculum development required. Ability 
to teach sociolinguistically-focused lower level linguistics courses required. 
Ability to teach Composition required. Evidence of effective teaching required. 
K-12 teaching experience or English Education experience desired. Publication 
desired. Screening will begin November 1, 2004. Send application, current vita, 
transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. Stephen C. Holder, Chair, Department 
of English Language and Literature, Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, 
MI 48859. Recently classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a doctoral/ 
research-intensive university, CMU is a growing student-focused university with 
opportunities for leadership and involvement for its entire team. CMU, and AA/ 
EO institution, strongly and actively strives to increase diversity within its community. 
Minorities are encouraged to apply (see www.cmich.edu/aaeo 
html). [R] 

Mira Costa C 

Letters, 1 Barnard Dr Oceanside CA 92056 

ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE INSTRUCTOR 

http://www.miracosta.edu/info/admin/HR/jobs 
Closing Date: February 23, 2005 As an open-door college, Mira Costa College 
is committed to literacy in a diverse educational community. The Letters Department 
provides opportunities for all students to learn skills to become competent 
writers and readers. Assessed by a placement examination, students are 
advised into sequenced writing courses from basic skills to transfer. Graduates 
must demonstrate writing proficiency by meeting the English Competency Requirement. 
The Department believes a literate community is essential to a democratic 
society, which upholds values and ideals of the humanities and liberal arts 
traditions.POSITION AVAILABLE:One full-time, tenure-track position to 
teach Credit English as a Second Language (ESL) beginning August 2005. The 
successful candidate reports to the Letters Department and will be expected to 
carry a fair share of other duties (department and committee meetings and activities, 
curriculum development, participation in collegial governance, community 
outreach, etc.) necessary for the smooth functioning of the College. She/He may 
be assigned to any location within the district during any hours of 
operation.RESPRESENTATIVE DUTIES:Assigned time will include 15 hours 
per week of teaching ESL classes. Course descriptions may be found in the online 
college catalog at http://www.miracosta.cc.ca.us/current.htm Additionally, 
the successful candidate will provide leadership (1) program development, (2) articulation 
with Noncredit ESL academic and vocational programs, (3) assessment, 
(4) program evaluation, and community outreach. MINIMUM 
QUALIFICATIONS: A Master's degree in TESL, TESOL, applied linguistics 
with a TESL emphasis, linguistics with a TESL emphasis, English with a TESL 
emphasis, or education with a TESL emphasis; OR Bachelor's degree in TESL, 
TESOL, English with a TESL certificate, linguistics with a TESL certificate, applied 
linguistics with a TESL certificate, or any foreign language with a TESL 
certificate and Master's degree in linguistics, applied linguistics, English, composition, 
bilingual/bicultural studies, reading, speech, or any foreign language; OR 
possession of a valid California teaching credential authorizing instruction in a 
community college; OR the equivalent. Sensitivity to and understanding of the 
diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of 
community college students.DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS:Two years of 
recent experience in successful college-level ESL teaching. Recent experience 
with information technology. Experience in program leadership, development, 
assessment, and articulation with noncredit ESL and academic vocational programs. 
Demonstrated success in helping students from historically underrepresented 
groups meet their educational goals.The application form and 
Supplemental Equivalency form can be requested by contacting Human Resources 
or printed by accessing our website www.miracosta.edu/info/admin/ 
HR/jobs/ 

Mira Costa C 

Letters, 1 Barnard Dr Oceanside CA 92056 

READING INSTRUCTOR 

http://www.miracosta.edu/info/admin/HR/jobs 
Closing Date: March 16, 2005 
As an open-door college, MiraCosta College is committed to literacy in a diverse 

educational community. The Letters Department provides opportunities for all 
students to learn skills to become competent writers and readers. Assessed by a 
placement examination, students are advised into sequenced reading and writing 
courses from basic skills to transfer. Graduates must demonstrate minimum competency 
requirements in reading and writing. The Department believes a literate 
community is essential to a democratic society which upholds values and ideals 
of the humanities and liberal arts traditions. 

POSITION AVAILABLE: 
One full-time, tenure-track position, beginning August 2005, primarily to teach 
reading at the basic skills and transfer level and to carry a fair share of other duties 
(department and committee meetings and activities, curriculum development, 
participation in collegial governance, community outreach, etc.) necessary for 
the smooth functioning of the college. Assigned time will include 15 hours per 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


week of teaching classes. The individual selected for this position is subject to assignment 
to any district facility during any hours of operation. Adherence to all 
District policies and procedures is expected. 


MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
Master's in education with a specialization in reading or teaching reading; OR 
Bachelor's in any academic discipline and twelve semester units of coursework in 
teaching reading and Master's in English, literature, linguistics, applied linguistics, 
composition, comparative literature, TESL, or psychology; OR the equivalent. 


Sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, 
disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students. 
DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: 
Study or coursework in reading theory and practice. Demonstrated ability to 


teach reading classes linked with writing classes as well as documented success in 
working with adult learners, ESL, and systems for reading instruction, e.g. Computer 
Assisted Instruction (CAI). Furthermore, the college seeks candidates who 
have the ability to establish strong working relationships with others and commitment 
to this community college's objective of providing and promoting effective 
assistance to students of diverse abilities, interests, and cultural 
backgrounds. 


The application form and Supplemental Equivalency form can be requested by 
contacting Human Resources or printed by accessing our website www.miracosta.
edu/info/admin/HR/jobs/ 


EOE 


U of Connecticut 

Linguistics, 337 Mansfield Rd, Unit 1145 Storrs CT 06269 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 2246 

http://www.linguistics.uconn.edu 
The Department of Linguistics at the University of Connecticut is seeking applications 
for a tenure-track position in Semantics to begin Fall semester 2005 at 
the Assistant Professor level (Search #05A279). We are interested in a candidate 
that will interact well with current faculty members in the areas of semantics, 
syntax, language acquisition, and phonology. Applicants should have fulfilled all 
the requirements for the Ph.D. in Linguistics by August 22, 2005 with a specialization 
in Semantics. The successful candidate will teach courses in the area of 
their specialization at the graduate level, as well as more general linguistics 
courses at the undergraduate level. Applicants should send an application letter, 
CV, at least three work samples, and teaching evaluations to Yael Sharvit, Chair, 
Semantics Search Committee, University of Connecticut, Department of Linguistics, 
337 Mansfield Road Unit 1145, Storrs, CT 06269-1145. They should 
also arrange for three letters of recommendation to be sent to the same address. 
Screening of applications will begin January 15, 2005. Applications will be 
accepted until the position is filled. We encourage applications from underrepresented 
groups, including minorities, women, and people with 
disabilities. [R] 

U of Michigan-Dearborn 

Humanities, 4901 Evergreen Dearborn MI 48128 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 2001 

http://www.umd.umich.edu 
Assistant Professor of Linguistics with specialization in Sociolinguistics, effective 
9/1/05. Full time, tenure track. Teaching load six courses per year, including but 
not limited to Introduction to Linguistics, History of English, Modern English 
Grammar, Sociolinguistics, American English, and World Englishes. Ability to 
teach Contact Linguistics, Language Acquisition, African-American English, 
and/or Language and Gender desired, as is interest in teaching a diverse and talented 
student body. Opportunities exist for teaching, at undergraduate and master's 
levels, in interdisciplinary programs devoted to ethnic and gender studies, 
and Language Arts and ESL Endorsement for Education majors. We especially 
welcome candidates with research and/or teaching interests in World Englishes, 
contact linguistics, and corpus linguistics. Evidence of scholarly potential, teaching 
excellence, and commitment to undergraduate education essential. Ph.D. in 
hand by 9/1/05. An ethnically and socioeconomically diverse city of 100,000, 

Dearborn is easily accessible to urban Detroit and Ann Arbor. Review of applications 
will begin on December 1, 2004. Send application letter, cv, dossier with 
at least 3 letters of recommendation, and a list of graduate coursework to Chair, 
Linguistics Search Committee, Humanities Department, University of Michigan-
Dearborn, 4901 Evergreen Road, Dearborn, MI 48128-1491. All applications 
will be acknowledged.The University of Michigan-Dearborn is dedicated 
to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty committed to 
teaching and working in a multicultural environment and strongly encourages 
applications from minorities and women. The University of Michigan-Dearborn 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Texas at Tyler 

Lits & Langs, 3900 University Blvd Tyler TX 75799 

Assistant Professor, ESL/EIL 

http://www.uttyl.edu 
Assistant professor, tenure-track, with a specialization in TESL/ESL/EIL beginning 
mid-August 2005. Background in linguistics or bilingual teacher preparation 
is desirable. Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in TESL/ESL/EIL or 
appropriate field completed by job start date and record of successful teaching. 
Salary competitive. Send cover letter and vita to Victor I. Scherb, Chair, Dept. of 
Literature and Languages, The University of Texas at Tyler, 3900 University 
Blvd. Tyler, TX 75799. AA/EOE. 

NONACADEMIC LISTINGS 
American Council of Learned Societies 

ACLS, 633 Third Avenue, 8th Floor New York NY 10017 

ACLS Director of Fellowship Programs 

http://www.acls.org 
The mission of the ACLS, founded in 1919, is to advance humanistic studies in 
all fields of learning in the humanities and related social sciences and to maintain 
and strengthen relations among national societies devoted to such studies.ACLS 
is nationally known and respected as a funder of humanities research through fellowships 
and grants awarded to individuals and, on occasion, to groups and institutions. 
The centerpiece of this work is the ACLS Fellowship Program. Over the 
past 60 years more than 4,000 scholars have held ACLS Fellowships, including 
many of the leading figures in the humanities today. In 1997, ACLS began a 
campaign to double its endowment devoted to fellowships. The success of the 
campaign thus far has increased the Council's capacity to support scholarship. In 
the most recently concluded competition for ACLS Fellowships, more than 120 
scholars received awards totaling $4.8 million. The Director of Fellowship Programs 
will thus be at the center of a major national program, which is in the 
process of significant reinvigoration.The Director, under the direction of the 
President, will organize screening and peer review panels; preside at meetings of 
the selection panels; conduct research on the distribution of fellowship awards in 
this and other national fellowship programs; present periodic reports to the 
ACLS Board of Directors; help develop and fund new programs that fit with the 
Council's mission; and supervise the programs' administration. As a member of 
the Council's relatively small program staff, the Director also will contribute to 
the general work of ACLS.Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in a field represented by 
ACLS, possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and demonstrate 
interest, experience and effectiveness in academic administration. Broad familiarity 
with humanities scholarship, while not a necessary qualification, is 
highly desirable.Nominations and applications (including a c.v. and the names 
and addresses of at least three references) should be sent to: Director of Fellowship 
Programs Search American Council of Learned Societies 633 Third AvenueNew 
York, New York 10017fax: 212 573 9704 We seek to fill this post as soon 
as possible. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. Applications 
will be reviewed until the post is filled. ACLS is an equal opportunity 
employer. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS 
National U of Singapore 

University Scholars Programme, 10 Kent Ridge Crescent Singapore 

Assistant Professor of Writing 2105 

http://www.scholars.nus.edu.sg 
We invite applications for a tenure-track position in the Writing domain of the 
University Scholars Programme. We are looking for a colleague who can teach 
academic writing skills through topic-specific courses; we will give priority to 
those who can design and teach non-literary courses, and especially if the courses 
engage with topics in technology and the sciences. The teaching load is 2/2, and 
each writing class is capped at 12 students. Appointees should hold or be completing 
a Ph.D., will be expected to conduct research in their disciplines, and will 
have opportunities to teach non-writing courses in those specialties. We are 
looking for a candidate who could begin in July 2005. The position will remain 
open until filled, but review will begin on 3 January. Please initially submit-either 
by email (uspbox2@nus.edu.sg) or fax ((65) 6773–1012)-a consolidated 
document comprising a letter of application and a CV to the Director, University 
Scholars Programme.Currently one of the top universities in the Asia Pacific 
region, the National University of Singapore enrolls 23,000 undergraduate and 
nearly 9,000 graduate students. The University seeks to provide quality education, 
engage in high-impact research, and promote entrepreneurship and industry 
collaboration. The University Scholars Programme, representing a particular 
aspect of this mission, provides the best students entering the university with a 
learning environment distinguished by seminar-style teaching and an interdisciplinary 
curriculum that balances the humanities and the sciences.For further information 
about the National University of Singapore, see http://www.nus 
.edu.sg. For the Scholars Programme, see http://www.scholars.nus.edu.sg. 

POSTDOCTORAL LISTINGS 
McGill U 

English, 853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A Canada 

3 Postdoctoral Fellowships for MaPs Project at McGill 2299 

http://www.shakespeare.mcgill.ca/mcri/ 

MAKING PUBLICS: MEDIA, MARKETS, AND ASSOCIATION IN 
EARLY MODERN EUROPE, 1500–1700 
McGill seeks 3 postdoctoral fellows for a SSHRC-funded project that will illu


minate the artistic, intellectual, religious, social, and political culture of Britain 
and Western Europe. At the heart of the work is the study of small-scale forms of 
association that represented a new way of connecting with others, a kind of connection 
not founded in family, rank or vocation, but rather a form of voluntary 
community built on the shared interests, tastes, and desires of individuals. Members 
of the team include scholars in Art, Literary, Music, and Theatre History, 
History of Science, History of Religion, Sociology, Human Geography, Media 
Studies, Social and Intellectual History, and Education, including literary scholars 
David Boruchoff, Michael Bristol, Wes Folkerth, Richard Helgerson, Maggie 
Kilgour, Steven Mullaney, Kevin Pask, Shankar Raman, Franois Rouget, and 
Paul Yachnin; historians David Harris Sacks, Robert Tittler, and Joseph Ward; 
historian of science Lesley Cormack; music historian Julie Cumming; and art 
historians Angela Vanhaelen and Bronwen Wilson. Please visit www.shakespeare.
mcgill.ca/mcri. 

•Postdoctoral Fellowship in Studies of Early Modern Europe The start date for 
this year-long position is 1 July 05. There is the possibility of a 1-year renewal. 
Candidates will have a PhD in Art History, Literary Studies (in English, French, 
Italian, or Spanish), Music History, History of Religion or History; and a research 
program relevant to the project's central interests. The Fellow will assist 
the director with the planning and organization of the project, and work with 
colleagues in an interdisciplinary context. The Fellow might have opportunities 
to teach courses in his or her area of specialty. The stipend is approx. $30000/ 
year. 
•Postdoctoral Fellowship in Humanities ComputingThe start date for this yearlong 
position is 1 July 05. Depending on performance, the position will be renewable 
for up to 3 years in total. Candidates will have a PhD in one of the fields 
relevant to the project and a research program in Humanities Computing. Part of 
the Fellow's research program will have to do with the educational and/or social 
dimensions of web-based resources in the Humanities. The Fellow will work 
with colleagues in an interdisciplinary context. With help and guidance from 
team members Wes Folkerth and Kevin Kee, and working with Virtual Museum 
curator David Goa, the Fellow will be principally responsible for the development 
of the project website. The stipend is approx. $30000/year. 

•MaPs Coordinator Postdoctoral FellowshipThe start date for this year-long position 
is 1 July 05. Depending on performance, the position will be renewable 
for up to 3 years in total. Candidates will have a PhD in one of the fields represented 
in the project and a research program relevant to the project's central interests. 
The coordinator will work with the director in the planning and 
organization of all aspects of the research work. He or she will oversee the organization 
of events and meetings and will liaise with the website consultant, the 
postdoctoral fellow in Humanities Computing, and partners. He or she will prepare 
reports on team activities for the management committee, the Advisory 
Board, and the funding agency, and will prepare budgets and financial reports, in 
consultation with the director. The salary is approx. $40000/year. 
Please send research program description, writing sample, CV, plus 3 recommendation 
letters, by 1 April 05 to Prof. Paul Yachnin, Dept. of English, Arts Bldg., 
McGill, 853 Sherbrooke St. W., Montreal, QC, Canada, H3A 2T5. Please indicate 
to which position(s) you are applying. 

ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2005 


MLA JOB 
INFORMATION 
SERVICE 

26 Broadway, 
3rd floor 
New York, NY 10004-1789 

FIRST CLASS MAIL 

• 
Job Information List 
on the World Wide Web 
• 
How to access the electronic 
JIL 
(inside front cover) 
FIRST CLASS MAIL 
DATED MATERIAL 


First Class 
US Postage 
PAID 
New York, NY 
Permit No. 2967 



