Modern Language Association 

J 

Job
Information 

List 

I 

L 

eNGLISH Edition • OCTO BER 2008 

Contents 

Accessing the Electronic JIL......... inside front cover 

Information for Candidates..................................... i 

Sources of Information for Job Candidates ......... iii 

Advice to Search Committee Members and Job 
Seekers on Faculty Recruitment and Hiring..... iv 

Checklist for Job Seekers........................................ vi 

Dos and Don’ts for MLA Convention 
Interviews.......................................................... viii 

List of Administrations Censured by the AAUP ..... x 

MLA Statement on the Use of Part-Time and Full- 
Time Adjunct Faculty.......................................... xi 

Departmental Job Listings
US Colleges and Universities................................ 1
Canadian Institutions........................................... 99
Overseas Institutions.......................................... 103
Postdoctoral Listings.......................................... 106 

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 

Subscription Information 

The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The List 
is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all other areas; delivery 
should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are projected dates only and 
are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 

October issue 17 October 2008 
December issue 14 November 2008 
February issue 16 February 2009
April issue 15 April 2009 

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 



Accessing the Electronic JIL 

All access to search the online version of the Job Information List is now through membership in 
either the Association of Departments of English (ADE) or the Association of Departments of Foreign 
Languages (ADFL). 

Access to search the JIL is free to graduate students and faculty members in departments that 
are members of the ADE or the ADFL. If your department is a member, it can provide you with 
the department ID and password to log in at the ADE or ADFL Web site. When you log in, you 
will be asked to create your own personal login information for searching the JIL at that site. 

MLA members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments can also log in to search the JIL at 
the MLA Web site with their MLA-member user name and password. No additional user name or 
password is required. 

Individuals without an academic affiliation or whose departments are not currently members of 
the ADE or the ADFL can access the JIL by becoming affiliate members of the ADE or the ADFL. 
Like students and faculty members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments, ADE and ADFL affiliate 
members receive access to the online archive of the ADE or the ADFL Bulletins as well as 
rights to search the JIL database over the Internet. (Print versions of the JIL are no longer available 
to individuals.) Dues for affiliate memberships are $40 for MLA members and $65 for nonmembers 
and are refundable on request to those whose departments become members of the ADE or the 
ADFL within the membership period, which runs from September to August. Affiliate memberships 
must be purchased online with a credit card and are for the use of a single individual only. 

WRD–Daily (JIL folder) File: JIL_C2_DEC04_P1T1 Job Number: 130-20 10/15/04–JF 

Bembo–description: 10/12; Dante–address: 10/12, position: 10/12 it, institution: 10/12 bd, 1Head: 20/24 bd Sc, NVInstitution: 10/12 bd, NVaddress: 10/12, Issuedate: 24/52 




Information for Candidates 

The October List contains information on vacancies from departments of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics in US 
and Canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises. The listings 
describe approximately 560 definite or possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies, comments on 
notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position 
has been filled), and notices from departments that expect no 
vacancies but would nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this time. Send 
letters 
only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your 
qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies are expected but that 
the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to any 
department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita sheet to 
enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter of application, 
it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed at the 
department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide a convenient 
opportunity for such interviews (see list of upcoming meetings below). 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys indicate 
that only about half of all English and foreign language departments 
have begun recruiting by the end of December and that the majority 
of departments do not complete the recruiting process until spring, 
in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices 
in their departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, 
candidates are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for 
departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions 
either by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by 
applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for 
the cost of such shipment; and 

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other 
materials; and 

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 

Professional Meetings 

In addition to the MLA convention (27–30 December 2008, San 
Francisco), candidates in English, foreign languages, comparative literature, 
and linguistics may be interested in the following regional 
meetings. 

Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association (RMMLA) 

9–11 October 2008 

Harrah’s Reno, Reno, NV 

Inquiries Secretariat at Washington State Univ., Pullman 99164 (509 
335-4198; rmmla@wsu.edu) 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




South Central Modern Language Association (SCMLA) 

6–8 November 2008 

Sheraton Gunter, San Antonio, TX 

Inquiries SCMLA Membership Secretary, Dept. of Languages, Literatures, 
and Linguistics, Baker B47, Univ. of Oklahoma, 104 
4th St., Norman 73019 (405 325-6011; fax: 405 325-3720; 
scmla@ou.edu) 

Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA) 

7–8 November 2008 

Pomona Coll., Claremont, CA 

Inquiries Salah Khan, 4311 SE 29th Ave., Portland, OR 97202 

South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA) 

7–9 November 2008 

Hyatt Regency, Louisville, Louisville, KY 

Inquiries SAMLA, Dept. of English, GCB923, Georgia State Univ., 
Atlanta 
30303 (404 413-5816; samla@gsu.edu) 

Midwest Modern Language Association (MMLA) 

13–16 November 2008 

Minneapolis Marriott City Center, Minneapolis, MN 

Inquiries Kathleen Diff ley, 302 English and Philosophy Bldg., 
Univ. of Iowa, Iowa City 52242-1408 (319 335-0331; fax: 319 
335-3123; mmla@uiowa.edu) 

ii ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2008 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




Sources of Information 

for Job Candidates in English 

Prepared by Susan Belasco Smith, University of Tulsa 

For General Advice and Background Reading 

Bay, Libby. “Teaching in the Community College: Rerouting a Career.” 
ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 27–29. 

Deneef, A. Leigh, Craufurd D. Goodwin, and Ellen Stern McCrate, eds. 
The Academic’s Handbook. Durham: Duke UP, 1988. 

Dubrow, Heather. “A World Elsewhere: Teaching in a Liberal Arts 
College.” ADE Bulletin 103 (1992): 38–44. 

Green, Eleanor. “The Job Search: Observations of a Reader of 177 
Letters of Application.” ADE Bulletin 113 (1996): 50–52. 

Gregory, Marshall. “From PhD Program to BA College; or, The 
Sometimes Hard Journey from Life in the Carrel to Life in the 
World.” ADE Bulletin 107 (1994): 20–24. 

Hanawalt, Jean Allen, and Thomas Trzyna. “Applying to Teach at a 
Christian College.” ADE Bulletin 79 (1984): 46–47. 

Malek, James S. “Caveat Emptor; or, How Not to Get Hired at 
DePaul.” 
ADE Bulletin 92 (1989): 33–36. 

Mangum, Teresa. “Identity and Economics; or, The Job Placement 
Procedural.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 19–24. For an additional 
bibliography on the job search, see Mangum’s Selected List of 
Works Consulted (23–24). 

Showalter, English, et al. The MLA Guide to the Job Search. 1985. Rev. 
ed. New York: MLA, 1996. 

Sledge, Linda Ching. “The Community College Scholar.” ADE Bulletin 
83 (1986): 9–11. 

Thomas, Trudelle. “Demystifying the Job Search: A Guide for Candidates.” 
CCC 40 (1989): 312–27. 

Timmerman, John H. “Advice to Candidates.” College English 50 
(1988): 748–51. 

See also “Special Topic on the Job Market,” Profession 94 (New 
York: MLA, 1994) 57–105, for a collection of essays by Erik D. 
Curren, 
Marta Caminero-Santangelo, Lydia Belatèche, Linda M. Lemiesz, 
Judith 
Pascoe, Gordon Hutner, Robert C. Holub, and Bettina 
J. Huber; “Special Section: The Job Search in English,” ADE Bulletin 
111 (1995): 4–27; and “The MLA’s 1993–94 Survey of PhD Placement,” 
MLA Newsletter 27.4 (1995): 1–3 and ADE Bulletin 112 (1995): 
40–51. 

For Job Openings 

Chronicle of Higher Education. Published weekly (except in August and 
December). In addition to listing openings under such categories 
as “English,” “Women’s Studies,” or “Writing,” many two- and 
four-year institutions take out large ads that include all their available 
positions. The Chronicle also lists openings in administration, at 
foundations and associations, and occasionally in private secondary 
schools. 

MLA Job Information List. Published four times a year. Four-year institutions 
are more likely than two-year colleges to list openings here. 

For Information about American Colleges and 
Universities 

Atwell, Robert, and David Pierce, eds. American Community Colleges: A 
Guide. 10th ed. Phoenix: Oryx, 1995. A state-by-state guide with 
extensive commentary on each institution. 

Barron’s Profiles of American Colleges. 23rd ed. New York: Barron’s, 1998. 
Comprehensive, informative guide to four-year, accredited colleges; 
rates selectiveness of admissions. 

Cass, James, and Max Birnbaum. Comparative Guide to American Colleges. 
15th ed. New York: Harper, 1991. An alphabetical, narrative guide to 
four-year institutions. 

The College Blue Book. 27th ed. 5 vols. New York: Macmillan, 1999. The 
most useful volume is Narrative Descriptions, a state-by-state listing of 
two- and four-year colleges, complete with maps. 

Insider’s Guide to the Colleges, 2000: Students from Coast to Coast Tell What 
Their Colleges Are Really Like. Comp. Yale Daily News staff. 26th ed. 
New York: St. Martin’s, 1999. A sometimes irreverent alternative 
source of information on 300 colleges. 

For Foreign Colleges and Universities 

Commonwealth Universities Yearbook 

International Handbook of Universities 

Both are published every three years in New York by Macmillan. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST iii 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




Advice to Search Committee Members and Job Seekers on 

Faculty Recruitment and Hiring 

Prepared by the MLA Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities 

I. General Principles 

1. Everyone in the profession benefits when job searches go well. 
Timely, open communication can ensure an atmosphere of collegiality 
between departments and candidates, even when the job market 
is tight or institutional circumstances are uncertain. Departments help 
to create such an atmosphere when they recognize how vulnerable 
candidates may feel during a job search; candidates help when they 
recognize that departments may be affected by institutional policies 
largely beyond their control. Problems arising during a job search 
may lead to impressions that damage individuals or institutions; however, 
professional conduct by all parties involved in a job search may 
prevent such problems and can only be beneficial to all. 

2. All job candidates should be treated equitably. Throughout 
any search for new faculty members, departments should adhere to 
nondiscrimination 
and affirmative action guidelines, taking particular 
care not to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnic or national origin, 
religion, disability, age, gender, or sexual orientation. The principles 
of confidentiality should be respected by all parties. 

II. Advertising and Initial Screening 

1. Advertisements for an opening should be as specific as possible 
about the availability of the opening (definite, likely, or possible), the 
type of appointment (tenure-track or non-tenure-track), minimum 
degree requirements, field(s) of expertise, minimum teaching experience, 
and any other requirements or criteria. 

2. Applicants should be allowed ample time to respond to advertisements 
of openings, and deadlines for applications should be specified 
whenever possible. Normally, applications should be accepted for 
at least twenty-one days after the announced publication date for a 
given issue of the Job Information List (about 15 October, 15 November, 
15 February, and 15 April). Care should be taken to inform applicants 
of the department’s projected timetable for making decisions 
about interviews at the MLA convention, and applicants should be 
kept informed of their status following the initial screening. 

3. Applications submitted in response to announcements should 
be acknowledged promptly and courteously in writing (if possible, 
within two weeks), and care should be taken to inform applicants of 
their status following the initial screening. Acting on a recommendation 
from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the MLA Executive Council 
has adopted a policy calling for departments to acknowledge 
all applications 
for announced positions either by letter or by self- 
addressed 
postcards provided by applicants. 

III. Preparing Applications 

1. The candidate should prepare a dossier, including a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, transcript(s), and letters of recommendation, 
by the end of September, before the October issue of the Job 
Information List. It is the candidate’s responsibility to make sure that 
all requested materials are supplied. 

2. For the purpose of initial screening, a letter of application and 
dossier should normally suffice. To save all parties time and money, 
the committee recommends that departments request writing samples 
and other material only after a preliminary list of candidates has 
been chosen. 

IV. Setting Up MLA Interviews 

1. Candidates should realize that the department advertising in 
the Job Information List normally expects candidates to attend the 
MLA convention for screening interviews. Candidates who do not 
attend the convention may therefore be at a disadvantage. In such 
cases a telephone interview may be an appropriate alternative. Departments 
and candidates should realize that convention attendance 
is generally the most efficient and least expensive way to conduct 
interviews. Departments should make every effort to be represented 
at the convention by at least one member of the search committee. 

2. Departments need to be able to reach candidates quickly between 
1 and 24 December. Candidates who travel in December 
should supply departments with complete itineraries including telephone 
numbers. Because of the expenses related to convention attendance, 
departments should notify all candidates, including those 
not invited for interviews, of their status as early as possible. 

3. Candidates applying from outside North America should 
have a contact in the United States to receive mail and messages. 
Since few departments 
have resources to bring candidates to oncampus 
interviews from outside North America, candidates who 
reside abroad should determine arrangements for any on-campus 
interviews during MLA convention interviews. 

4. To be sure that candidates can get the information they need to 
keep interview appointments at the convention, a department chair 
or search committee chair should stop by the job center soon after 
checking into a hotel, fill out the appropriate forms, and then check 
the “Who’s Where” listing for accuracy. 

5. Departments need to be sure candidates know where the 
interview is taking place. The Job Information Center is set up to 

iv ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2008 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




provide this information. If you plan to use the convention interview 
area, you need to sign in with the Job Information Center and 
hand in your schedule. If you are interviewing in a hotel room, remember 
that the hotel switchboard personnel are not authorized to 
disclose room numbers. You can register your room number and a 
list of interviewees with the Job Information Center, so that your 
room number will be given out only to the candidates with whom 
your department has set up appointments. Departments scheduled 
to begin interviewing on the first afternoon of the convention may 
need to arrive the day before, to avoid missing appointments because 
of travel delays or delays in checking into hotels. 

6. Departments and candidates should plan realistically and adhere 
closely to schedules. When arranging interviews, candidates should 
leave as much time as possible between appointments, keeping in 
mind that they may have to deal with crowded elevators, slow meal 
service, or delayed shuttle buses. Departments should remember that 
interviews that run late may prevent candidates from keeping other 
appointments and that one instance of lateness can multiply into a 
whole series of missed or delayed interviews. 

7. Whether held on or off campus, in person or by telephone, 
interviews should be conducted in a professional manner, permitting 
candidates adequate opportunity to explain and demonstrate 
their qualifications. Candidates and departments should review “Dos 
and Don’ts for Interviews,” by Herbert Lederer, revised in 1995 by 
CAFPRR 
and reprinted each October in the Job Information List. 

8. Interviewers should make every effort to accommodate candidates 
with disabilities. 

V. Interviewing on Campus 

1. Departments inviting candidates for on-campus interviews 
should pay candidates’ expenses, following standard institutional policies 
for travel reimbursement. Candidates should be told approximately 
how many others are being invited for on-campus interviews. 


2. On-campus interviews represent a large investment of time and 
money for departments; therefore, candidates should not accept oncampus 
interviews if they are not seriously interested in the position. 
Before traveling to a campus, candidates should thoroughly research 
the department’s faculty and programs. Candidates should find out 
what salary range and teaching load have been established for the 
position and should decide in advance what their own minimum 
requirements are. It is important that candidates also determine in 
advance whether their decisions may be influenced by special circumstances 
that should be communicated to the chair. 

3. A department that invites a candidate to interview on its 
campus has an obligation to (a) arrange the logistics of the candidate’s 
stay (local transportation, lodging—including disability 
accommodations, meals); (b) set up interviews with faculty members 
and administrators; (c) provide a tour of the campus and its 
facilities; (d) provide adequate information about the department, 
the university, and the community; (e) plan social activities for 
the candidate; and (f) inform the candidate of the procedures and 
timetable for reimbursement. 

4. Members of departments and search committees should not 
discuss other candidates with a visiting candidate. 

VI. Negotiating an Offer 

1. To minimize misunderstanding and anxiety during negotiations 
about offers, departments should establish ground rules in advance and 
let candidates know what these are before any offers are made. Departments 
should communicate with candidates regularly and openly 
about the status of the search process. All parties should be aware that, 
especially in times of fiscal uncertainty, circumstances beyond the institution’s 
control may delay or disrupt the hiring process. 

2. No candidate should be required before 22 January to give a 
final answer to an offer of a position without tenure for the following 
academic year. After 22 January, candidates should normally be 
allowed two weeks to give a final answer to a formal offer. 

The committee welcomes comments and suggestions from members. Direct 
correspondence to Staff Liaison, Committee on Academic Freedom and 
Professional Rights and Responsibilities, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New 
York, NY 10004-1789. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST v 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




Checklist for Job Seekers 

The MLA Committee on Careers offers this checklist as an aid for first-time job seekers and as a guide for graduate departments 
about ways they can facilitate the placement of their graduates. As an association, the MLA has a vital interest in establishing 
procedures and practices that make the job search as effective and professional as possible. 

Prepreparation 

. Have you completed your dissertation? If not, do you have a realistic 
schedule for completing it? 

. Have you defined the kind(s) of institution(s) where you would like 
to teach? 

. Have you informed yourself about the job market? Have you consulted, 
for example, the Job Information List, the Chronicle of Higher 
Education, and the ADE Bulletin or ADFL Bulletin about the job 
situation? 

. Have you spoken to recently hired faculty members about their experiences 
in the job market? 

. Have you been realistic in defining the kinds of specialized courses 
you are qualified to teach? Have you articulated what you have to 
offer as a scholar and a teacher? What are the limits of the jobs for 
which you really qualify? 

. Have you spoken to one or more of the following persons about 
the job search: your department placement officer, your department 
graduate adviser, your dissertation adviser, your department placement 
committee, other faculty members who know you well and 
who have shown interest in your work? 

. Have you requested from your department or placement office standardized 
forms for your letters of recommendation? 

. Have you requested letters from three to five faculty members who 
feel positively about you and who know your course work, dissertation, 
and teaching? 

. Have you given your referees sufficient information about your record 
and at least several weeks to prepare their letters of recommendation? 

. Have you estimated the costs of the job search? Although costs will 
vary, it is reasonable to expect to spend at least $700 for travel, lodging, 
food, and incidentals when attending the MLA convention. 
Remember too that you will have duplicating and postage expenses, 
fees charged by the placement office for sending your dossier, longdistance 
phone charges, and expenses for purchase or rental of a 
telephone answering machine to receive calls before and after the 
convention. Although you should expect to be reimbursed for travel 
to on-campus interviews, you will probably have to pay airfare in 
advance. It is a good idea to establish credit and acquire a credit card 
if possible. When you are called for an on-campus interview, be sure 
to ask whether your expenses will be reimbursed. 

. Have you requested a mock interview? If your department does not 
regularly schedule mock interviews for job candidates, have you discussed 
with several faculty members the kinds of questions you can 
expect to be asked and issues to be discussed? 

. Have you considered requesting disability-related accommodations 
to facilitate your interview? 

The MLA Convention 

. Have you planned your interview schedule for the MLA convention, 
making sure that you have allowed enough time to get from 
one hotel to another? 

. Do you have the information you need about the school and the 
department to which you have applied (e.g., course offerings, college 
and university requirements, faculty members)? 

. Have you reviewed the list of “dos and don’ts” for interviewees? 

The On-Campus Interview 

. Have you determined beforehand the schedule of your visit and the 
meetings you will be asked to take part in? Have you asked the department 
to add things to your itinerary (e.g., a tour of the library, a 
meeting with students) that were not originally scheduled? 

. Have you inquired in advance of your trip whether you will be 
reimbursed for expenses you incur for the on-campus interview? 
Have you done careful research beforehand about the faculty and 
curriculum of the school you will be visiting? 

. Will you be required to make a formal presentation to faculty and/ 
or students while on campus? If so, have you carefully prepared this 
presentation? Are you prepared to discuss your dissertation in detail? 

. Have you received all the information you will need in order to 
make a decision if offered a job—information about salary, fringe 
benefits, moving expenses, tenure policies, any other terms of the 
contract, and the amount of time you will have to consider the 
offer? 

. Have you informed the department of any necessary disability- 
related 
accommodations to facilitate your interview? 

vi ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2008 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




After an Offer Is Made 

. Are you well informed about the general financial health of the 
college or university, its enrollment trends, its support for the 
humanities, 
the distribution of majors, and the faculty members in 
your discipline? 

. Are you clear about what your own teaching responsibilities will 
be? Do you know what your course load and approximate class sizes 
will be? 

. Do your research interests have a clear place in the department? 
Have you asked about support for your research, including the availability 
of grants, sabbatical and released time? 

. Do you know the criter ia and procedures for tenure and 
promotion? 


. Do you have an informed opinion about the advantages and disadvantages 
of living in the city or town where the college or university 
is located? Have you asked, for example, about housing, the cost 
of living, cultural and social opportunities, local politics, and public 
schools? 

. You should not be required to respond before 22 January to an offer 
of a position without tenure for the following academic year. If you 
receive an offer between 22 January and the middle of the summer, 
you should be allowed two weeks to make a decision. But once you 
have definitely made up your mind about an offer, you should accept 
or reject it immediately: keep in mind that other candidates 
will be affected by your decision. 

Things to Remember If You Don’t Get an Offer 

. The hiring season is not over in January; only the first wave has 
passed by then. 

. While many offers are made in January, an offer in February does 
not necessarily mean that you are a second choice. It may mean 
that the department has had to wait a month to reconvene its search 
committee or receive final approval for funding. 

. You may be on the market too early. The department may not have 
been convinced that you will actually finish your dissertation by the 
time specified. 

. You may have pinned your hopes on too narrow a selection of 
schools. 

. You can still inquire about your status at places where you have interviewed. 
You may still be on their lists. 

. New jobs open up after the MLA convention. Keep reading the 
Job Information List through the summer supplement and consult the 
advertisements in the Chronicle of Higher Education and other professional 
publications. 

. There will be another job market next year. Start preparing for it 
now. The current search will have given you valuable experience. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST vii 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




Dos and Don’ts 

for MLA Convention Interviews 

by Herbert Lederer, University of Connecticut 
with revisions by Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, 1995 

The job interview is an event that has caused sufficient anxiety for both interviewer and interviewee to prompt a number 
of publications dealing with the topic. In recent years, concern about discrimination in the hiring process has led to a heightened 
awareness of the possibility of discriminatory intent in the questions asked by interviewers. In order to facilitate the conduct of 
interviews arranged through the MLA Job Information Service, guidelines have been developed for both interviewers and job 
candidates. 

Do 

Schedule interviews at reasonable times and allow for adequate time 

Leave time between interviews for notes 

Read all the information your department has requested in advance 

Ensure freedom from interruption 

Introduce other department members present 

Establish and maintain a pleasant atmosphere 

Be polite and courteous 

Try to put candidate at ease 

Be aware of your own biases 

Ask specific questions 

Elicit all relevant information 

Maintain eye contact 

Ask appropriate questions; explore areas such as education, experience, 
special interests or skills, familiarity with textbooks, teaching methods, 
professional organizations, future expectations 

Discuss candidate’s attitude toward teaching and research in language 
and literature 

Elicit candidate’s interest in specific job 

Provide candidate with clear picture of job 

Explain operation of school and department 

Describe working conditions (course load, other duties, salary, fringes, 
etc.) 

Allow time for candidate’s questions 

Listen attentively 

Ask follow-up questions for clarification or further detail 

Inform candidate of probable time of decision 

Ask candidate’s permission to take notes 

Be on time 

Follow the Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines in meeting 
requests 
for accommodations 

Don’t 

Interview more than one candidate at a time 

Conduct major portion of interview during a meal 

Ask questions about age, marital status, children, religion, medical or 
disability status, sexual orientation, or national origin 

Display boredom 

Doodle 

Produce stress intentionally 

Argue with candidate 

Appear hostile to candidate 

Be patronizing 

Ask for information already in dossier 

Ask leading questions 

Ask yes-no questions if they can be avoided 

Get off on tangents 

Do all the talking 

Describe job in negative terms 

Oversell position 

Downgrade other institutions or candidates 

Tape-record or videotape 

Require candidates to come to campus at their own expense 

Make job offer until all interviews are concluded 

Assume that the candidate’s home institution makes him/her unsuitable 
for you 

The Interviewer 

viii ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2008 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




Do 

Review job specifications 

Inform yourself thoroughly about department and institution 

Prepare questions you want to ask (about, for example, teaching load, 
class size, number of majors, range of courses you will teach, library 
resources, etc.) 

Analyze your own strengths and weaknesses 

Request of your department some practice interviewing 

Familiarize yourself with widely used texts 

If possible, allow yourself an hour between interviews 

Be prepared to discuss approaches to languages and literature teaching 

Think about courses you would like to teach 

Be aware of nervousness 

Come on time and follow all the usual protocols of politeness 

Be polite and courteous 

Watch body language (your own and interviewer’s) 

Project interest and enthusiasm, speak up clearly, listen attentively, and 
avoid using terms such as “you know,” “like,” etc. 

Keep eye contact with interviewer 

Be prepared for aggressive questions 

Answer openly, directly, and honestly 

Be specific both in answers and in your own questions 

Inform institution if you receive and/or accept an offer elsewhere 

Try to demonstrate your language ability 

Bring out your strong points 

Talk about special features in your background, skills, experience, interests, 
and goals 

Summarize your qualifications for the job 

Find out when decisions will be made 

Write follow-up thank-you letter 

Be aware that it is your right to request specific accommodations to 
make the interview possible 

Don’t 

Be laconic or loquacious 

Be either apologetic or arrogant 

Appear opinionated or contentious 

Argue with interviewer 

Let yourself be intimidated 

Volunteer negative information 

Downgrade other candidates, jobs, or institutions 

Get off the track or ramble 

Overstay your welcome 

Ask about salary in a convention interview 

The Candidate 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST ix 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




List of Administrations Censured 

by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American Association 
of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a 
past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized principles of 
academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, the 
profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. Names are 
placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s Annual 
Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 
does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Association, 
nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in 
question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. Since 
circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not assert 
that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge that, 
before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office and 
prospective departmental colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. Reports 
were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in parentheses 
following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee A,” 
each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . 1963 

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . 1969 

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . 1975 

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . 1976 

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . 1978 

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . 1978 

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . 1980 

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . 1982 

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) . 1983 

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) . 1984 

Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . 1986 

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . 1987 

Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . 1987 

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . 1988 

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May-June 1989, 35–45) . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . 1990 

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . 1992 

Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . 1992 

Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . 1993 

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54–64) . 1993 

Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . 1993 

University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . 1994 

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . 1994 

Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . 1995 

Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . 1995 

St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 
41–46) . 1996 

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . 1997 

Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . 1998 

University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . 1998 

Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . 1998 

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . 1999 

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
(January-February 2000, 54–
63) . 2000 

Charleston Southern University (January-February 2001, 63–77) . 2001 

University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . 2002 

Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . 2005 

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 
2004, 56–78) . 2005 

Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) (January-February 2007, 
60–68) . 2007 

Bastyr University (Washington) (March-April 2007, 106–20) . 2007 

University of New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 74–80) . 2007 

Loyola University New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 
88–100) . 2007 

Tulane University (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 101–08) . 2007 

University of New Haven (Connecticut) (May–June 2008, 44–56) . 2008 

x ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2008 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




MLA Statement on the Use of 

Part-Time and Full-Time 
Adjunct Faculty 

The following statement on the use of part-time and full-time adjunct faculty members was developed by an ad hoc committee of the 
Association of Departments of English and adopted by the MLA Executive Council in February 1994. 

The expansion of the adjunct ranks in language and literature departments 
over the past two decades threatens the integrity of the profession 
and instructional programs. The practice of hiring numerous 
adjunct faculty members year after year to teach courses required of 
large numbers of undergraduates undermines professional and educational 
standards and academic freedom. Although adjunct appointments 
can add significant dimensions to curricula and some individuals prefer 
to accept only adjunct appointments because of other commitments, 
few adjunct appointments are made for educationally sound reasons. 
Indeed, the primary motivation for most of these appointments is to 
reduce the cost of instruction. 

Adjunct faculty members fall into two groups: part-time instructors 
and non-tenure-track full-time instructors. The first group includes 
both instructors who are clearly temporary members of a 
department and instructors who teach from year to year and become 
virtually permanent. Members of the second group have full teaching 
loads but, as non-tenure-track faculty 
members, lack the institutional 
commitment given to their tenure-track colleagues. Graduate 
students are distinct from both groups. 

The conditions under which most adjunct teachers are employed 
define them as nonprofessionals. Often they are hired quickly, as lastminute 
replacements. They receive little recognition or respect for 
their contributions to their departments; almost always they are paid 
inequitably and receive no fringe benefits. 

Excessive reliance on an adjunct faculty can damage individual 
faculty members, students, institutions, and the profession. For the 
sake of an institution’s economic welfare, adjunct faculty members 
are often denied the security that adequate salary, health insurance, 
and professional status can provide. The institution, in turn, suffers 
through the creation of a two-tiered system in which faculty members 
have different responsibilities and expectations. 

In the light of these concerns, the MLA urges college and university 
administrators to make new and concerted efforts to eliminate 
excessive and irresponsible adjunct faculty appointments, to improve 
employment conditions for essential adjunct faculty members, and to 
recognize the professional status and important contributions of such 
teachers. 

The MLA offers the following guidelines for the employment of 
faculty 
members. 

Guidelines 

1. Each department should establish an appropriate limit on the 
number of adjunct faculty members in relation to the number of tenured 
or tenure-track faculty members and of graduate students serving 
as apprentice teachers. The norm in a department should be the 
tenured or tenure-track position. As tenured faculty members retire, 
they should be replaced by tenure-track faculty members. Departments 
that routinely assign a large part of undergraduate instruction 
to adjunct faculty members should reconsider their staffing practices. 

2. All adjunct faculty members should be treated as professionals. 
Each department should develop a set of guidelines for adjunct 
faculty employment. These guidelines may vary from institution to 
institution but should address the following concerns: 

a. Adjunct faculty members should be hired, reviewed, and 
given teaching assignments according to processes comparable to 
those established for the tenured or tenure-track faculty members. 

b. They should be given mailboxes, office space, and clerical 
support. 


c. They should receive adequate introduction to their teaching 
assignments, departments, and institutions. 

d. They should be paid equitable prorated salaries and should 
receive basic benefits such as health insurance. 

e. They should be eligible for incentives that foster professional 
development, including merit raises and funds for research 
and travel. 

f. As appropriate, they should participate in determining departmental 
and institutional policies. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST xi 

Col–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 08.P1T2 Job Number: 130-20 9/11/08—JF 

Bembo–author: 13/16 it, text: 10/12, introtext: 10/12 it, censured: 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–title: 35/40 Sc, subtitle: 20/30 Sc; Dante–ahead: 12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, rf & 




Ala ba ma 

Auburn U 

English, 
9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor or Advanced Assistant Professor 3733 

http:// www .auburn .edu/ english 


The Department of English 
at Auburn University expects to make one 
or more appointments in 2009–10 for tenure-track positions as Assistant 
Professors in Technical and Professional Communication to begin Fall semester 
2009. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, and the successful applicants will join four tenured 
or tenure-track faculty in technical and professional communication 
and two in composition/ rhetoric to teach graduate and undergraduate 
technical and professional communication courses in a large, supportive 
department. 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in technical and professional 
communication, or a closely related area, by the August 16, 2009 
starting date (ABDs may be considered; however, appointment to the 
tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor requires the earned 
doctorate); evidence of successful experience teaching English 
at the college 
or university level; broad knowledge of technical and professional 
communication, good potential for excellence in teaching undergraduate 
and graduate technical and professional communication courses and in 
contributing to our well-established Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication program and our undergraduate minor in technical and 
professional communication; a promising scholarly agenda, good potential 
for publication, and good potential as a colleague for taking part in the life 
and work of the department. The successful candidate must meet eligibility 
requirements to work in the United States at the time the appointment 
is scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term 
of employment; excellent communication skills required. In addition to 
meeting the required qualifications stated above, a candidate for appointment 
at the advanced Assistant Professor level must have at time of application 
at least two years of full-time experience in a tenure-track position 
in the field of technical and professional communication (or a closely related 
area), a substantial record of high-quality scholarly publication, and 
an ongoing research program. 

We are especially interested in innovative scholars with the following desirable 
qualifications: successful experience in teaching university-level 
technical and professional communication courses in a computer-supported 
facility; workplace experience in technical and professional communication; 
administrative experience. 

With approximately 24,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive college 
town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from Atlanta. The 
Department of English, 
the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers 
the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Communication), 
and PhD. Additional information is available on the department’s 
web site at www .auburn .edu/ english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by October 1, 2008, to Michelle 
Sidler, Interim Head, Department of English, 
9030 Haley Center, 
Auburn University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged 
by a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 
9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor 3735 

http:// www .auburn .edu/ english 


The Department of English 
at Auburn University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in literature and culture 
of the American South, to begin fall semester 2009. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
literature courses as well as in the core curriculum (freshman composition 
and/or world literature). 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English 
or a closely 
related area by the August 16, 2009, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); evidence of successful 
experience teaching English 
at the college or university level; graduate 
course work, a dissertation and/or other evidence of academic preparation 
in literature and culture of the American South; evidence of potential for 
successful research, publication, and other scholarly/ professional activities; 
evidence of potential for excellence in teaching undergraduate and 
graduate courses in literature and culture of the American South and in 
teaching undergraduate core courses in composition and/or world literature; 
and evidence of potential for collegial participation in the life and 
work of the department. The successful candidate must meet eligibility 
requirements to work in the United States at the time the appointment is 
scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of 
employment; excellent communication skills required. 

Desirable qualifications include expertise in one or more of the following 
fields: transnationalism and migration, gender studies, critical theory, 
environmental literature, critical race studies, religion, visual and material 
culture, American Studies. Other desirable qualifications: successful experience 
teaching freshman composition; successful experience teaching 
world literature. 

With approximately 24,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east-central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, 
the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and Ph.D. Additional information is available on the 
department’s web site at www .auburn .edu/ english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 3, 2008, 
to Michelle Sidler, Interim Head, Department of English, 
9030 Haley 
Center, Auburn University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be 

October 2008 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1 

Coleridge—Documents—JIL (OCT 08) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_OCT08_P3T1.indd Job #: 130-20 9/25/08–JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




acknowledged 
by a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 
9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor or Advanced Assistant Professor 3736 

http:// www .auburn .edu/ english 


The Department of English 
at Auburn University expects to make one 
or more appointments for 2009–10 for tenure-track positions as Assistant 
Professors in Rhetoric and Composition to begin Fall semester 2009. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
courses in rhetoric and/or composition, but with some teaching in the 
core curriculum (freshman composition) and/or junior-level writing. 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English 
or closely 
related area by the August 16, 2009, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); evidence of successful 
experience teaching English 
at the college or university level; graduate 
course work, a dissertation, and/or other evidence of academic preparation 
in rhetorical theory and contemporary composition pedagogy; evidence 
of potential for successful research, publication, and other scholarly/ 
professional activities; interest in teaching core curriculum courses in 
freshman composition and/or junior-level writing; evidence of potential 
for excellence in teaching in undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric 
and/or composition; and good potential as a colleague for taking part 
in the life and work of the department. The successful candidate must 
meet eligibility requirements to work in the United States at the time the 
appointment is scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the 
proposed term of employment; excellent communication skills required. 
In addition to meeting the required qualifications stated above, a candidate 
for appointment at the advanced Assistant Professor level must have at 
time of application at least two years of full-time experience in a tenuretrack 
position in the field of rhetoric and composition, a substantial record 
of high-quality scholarly publication, and an ongoing research program. 

With approximately 24,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, 
the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and PhD. Additional information is available on the 
department’s website at www .auburn .edu/ english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 3, 2008, 
to Michelle Sidler, Interim Head, Department of English, 
9030 Haley 
Center, Auburn University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged 
by a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 
9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Department Head 3737 

http:// www .auburn .edu/ english 


The Department of English 
at Auburn University invites applications for 
the position of Department Head, at the rank of full professor, with appointment 
beginning August 16, 2009. The term of this appointment is 
four years, renewable for one term. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. 

Applicants must hold the PhD in English 
or in another specialty represented 
in the Department, be eligible for full professor rank at Auburn 
University, have a significant record of scholarly achievement, and have 
administrative experience at an accredited research university. We are especially 
interested in innovative scholars who currently hold the rank of 
tenured full professor and have a demonstrated record of teaching excellence. 
The applicant must be committed to Auburn University’s missions 
of teaching, research, and outreach. [http:// www .auburn .edu/ academic/ 
provost/ handbook .html]. The successful candidate must meet eligibility 
requirements to work in the United States at the time the appointment is 
scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of 
employment; excellent communication skills required. 

Application Procedure: By October 31, 2008, send a letter of application, 
a c.v., a statement of administrative philosophy, and the names of four potential 
references to: 

Professor Gerard Gryski, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
9030 Haley Center, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849-5203 

The Department of English 
is one of 12 departments in the College of 
Liberal Arts. It is the largest department in the university, with 45 tenure 
track positions and 48 temporary instructorships. It offers the BA, MA, 
MTPC, and PhD degrees and also teaches four courses in the university’s 
core curriculum. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to 
play a vital leadership role in shaping the future of the department. 

Auburn University, with an enrollment of 24,137, is consistently ranked 
among the top 50 public universities nationwide by U.S. News & World 
Report. It is located 90 miles west of Atlanta, with easy access to Atlanta’s 
international airport. 

Auburn University is an Af f irmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 
9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor 3734 

http:// www .auburn .edu/ english 


The Department of English 
at Auburn University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in long Eighteenth century 
British literature and culture, to begin fall semester 2009. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
literature courses as well as in the core curriculum (freshman composition 
and/or world literature). 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English 
or a closely 
related area by the August 16, 2009, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); evidence of successful 
experience teaching English 
at the college or university level; graduate 
course work, a dissertation and/or other evidence of academic preparation 
in long eighteenth-century 
British literature and culture; evidence of potential 
for successful research, publication, and other scholarly/ professional 
activities; evidence of potential for excellence in teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses in long eighteenth-century 
British literature and 
culture and in teaching undergraduate core courses in composition and/ 
or world literature; and evidence of potential for collegial participation in 
the life and work of the department. The successful candidate must meet 
eligibility requirements to work in the United States at the time the appointment 
is scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed 
term of employment; excellent communication skills required. 

Desirable additional qualifications include expertise in one or more of the 
following fields: late eighteenth-century 
literature, gothic literature, print 
culture, satire, feminist theory, trans-Atlantic studies, cultural studies. 
Other desirable qualifications: successful experience teaching freshman 
composition; successful experience teaching world literature. 

With approximately 24,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east-central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, 
the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and Ph.D. Additional information is available on the 
department’s web site at www .auburn .edu/ english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 3, 2008, 
to Michelle Sidler, Interim Head, Department of English, 
9030 Haley 
Center, Auburn University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be ac


2 ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2008 

Coleridge—Documents—JIL (OCT 08) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_OCT08_P3T1.indd Job #: 130-20 9/25/08–JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




knowledged by a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U, Montgomery 

English 
& Philos, PO Box 244023 Montgomery AL 36124 

Writing Across the Curriculum Director 4271 

http:// www .aum .edu 

Auburn University Montgomery (AUM) seeks an experienced teacher/ 
administrator to direct its new Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC) 
initiative. The Director will report to the Vice Chancellor for Academic 
Affairs and have the primary responsibility of developing and administering 
the new program. This will include determining and implementing 
Writing Intensive standards for courses and directing instructor training. 

The position is a full-time, 12-month, tenure-track faculty appointment 
in the appropriate academic department with a reduced teaching load in 
order to develop and direct the new WAC program. Faculty rank will be 
dependent upon the applicant’s record in teaching, scholarship, and service. 
The position requires a doctoral degree with experience in the area 
of writing initiatives. In addition to directing the WAC program, there 
will be the continued opportunity and expectation for teaching, scholarship, 
and service. 

The successful candidate will have significant experience with teaching 
writing-intensive courses and writing program administration as well as 
strong interpersonal and organizational communication skills. AUM seeks 
candidates who combine practical approaches to teaching writing with an 
emphasis on basic writing skills and who will be sensitive to the varying 
writing needs within different disciplines. 

The position begins May 2009. Salary is commensurate with experience. 
To apply, please send dossier including CV, writing sample, and three references 
to Dr. Jeff Barksdale, Chair, WAC Director Search Committee, Auburn 
University Montgomery, P.O. Box 244023, Montgomery, AL 36124. 
Review of applications will begin November 7 and continue until the position 
is filled. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA Convention. 

For more information about Auburn University at Montgomery, see 
www .aum .edu. AUM is an EEO/AA employer. 
[R] 

Samford U 

English, 
800 Lakeshore Dr Birmingham AL 35229 

Director of Communication Arts 3685 

http:// www .samford .edu/ schools/ artsci/ comarts/ director-searc 

The Director of Communication Arts will be responsible for the day-today 
operations of the Communication Arts program and its long term 
strategic planning. Communications Arts 101 and 102 is the integrated 
writing and speaking sequence that all freshmen take as part of the Core 
Curriculum. Course enrollments are limited to 16–18 students per class so 
that faculty may use a workshop approach that includes peer editing and 
discussion. 

Reporting to the Associate Dean, the Director will serve as the administrative 
head of the program and be supported by the work of the Core 
Fellows (full-time instructors in the Core) and the full-time and adjunct 
faculty who teach Communication Arts. The Director will collaborate 
with faculty from the English, 
Communication Studies, and Journalism 
departments, create effective assessment measures for the program, and 
ensure its visibility and effectiveness across campus and beyond. 

Candidates should be supportive of and willing to contribute to the 
school’s mission as a Christian university. Samford is an Equal Opportunity 
Institution and welcomes application for employment and educational 
programs from all individuals regardless of race, color, sex, disability, or 
national or ethnic origin. 

U of Alabama 

English, 
PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Drama 3825 

http:// www.as.ua.edu/ en glish 


University of Alabama 

Department of English, 
PO Box 870244, Tuscaloosa AL 35487, Assistant 
Professor of English, 
http:// www.as.ua.edu/ english 


The Department of English 
and the Hudson Strode Program in Renaissance 
Studies at the University of Alabama seek applicants for a tenuretrack 
position in Renaissance dramatic literature. The successful applicant 
will teach undergraduate and graduate courses, and will be expected to 
maintain an active research and publication agenda. Minimum qualifications: 
PhD by date of appointment (8/16/09); effective teaching; publications 
and/or presentations in area of specialization. 

Candidates for this position must visit the University of Alabama website 
at facultyjobs.ua.edu and complete the online application process; in addition, 
candidates should send letters of recommendation to Professor Sharon 
O’Dair, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
University 
of Alabama, Tuscaloosa AL 35487-0244. Applications must be completed 
and supporting materials postmarked by October 31, 2008 

The University of Alabama is an equal opportunity, affirmative action 
employer. 
[R] [R] 

U of Alabama, Birmingham 

English, 
HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294 

Assistant Professor of Anglo-Saxon Literature 4233 

http:// uab .edu/ en glish 


Pending final approval, one entry-level, tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of Anglo-Saxon literature. PhD must be completed by August 15, 2009 
starting date. College-level teaching experience preferred. Teaching duties 
include undergraduate and graduate courses in Anglo-Saxon literature, 
Old English, 
“Beowulf,” History of the English 
Language, and early 
Medieval Literature and Culture, as well as composition and survey classes 
in British and Irish Literature. 3/3 course load. 

Our 40+ member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees in a nationally 
ranked teaching and research urban university of 17,000 students. 
Applications must be postmarked by 1 November. Send letter and c.v. to 
Anglo-Saxon Search Committee, Department of English, 
217 Humanities 
Building, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 
35294-1260. . Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made 
after our initial screening. Preliminary interviews at MLA. Visit us at 
www .uab .edu/ english. 
With a Carnegie Classification of Doctoral/ Research 
Universities-Extensive, UAB is an EO/AA employer 
and actively 
seeks applications from women and minority candidates. [R] 

U of Alabama, Birmingham 

English, 
HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294 

Two tenure track positions in Fiction and/or Creative Nonfiction 4234 

http:// www .uab .edu/ en glish 


Pending final approval, one tenure-track Assistant Professor of Fiction 
and/or Creative Nonf iction. M.F.A. or Ph.D. must be completed by 
15 August 2009 starting date. Publication record in creative writing required; 
experience in teaching at the college level preferred. 

Pending final approval, one tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor 
of Fiction and/or Creative Nonfiction. Publication record commensurate 
with level of appointment and M.F.A. or Ph.D. required. Teaching experience 
at the college level preferred. 

One position requires 3/3 course load, creative productivity, and a service 
commitment. Teaching responsibilities include graduate and undergraduate 
creative writing workshops, literature, and composition courses. 
The other carries a 3/2 teaching load and the editorship of “pms:poem/ 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 3 

Coleridge—Documents—JIL (OCT 08) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_OCT08_P3T1.indd Job #: 130-20 9/25/08–JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




memoir/ story,” UAB’s nationally recognized, all-women’s literary journal. 
Course load for both positions includes graduate and undergraduate 
creative writing workshops, literature, and composition courses. 

Our 40-member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a nationally 
ranked teaching and research urban university of 16,000 students. 
Applications must be postmarked by 1 November. Send letter and c.v. to 
Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, 
University 
of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35294-1260. Requests 
for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our initial screening. 
Preliminary interviews at MLA. Visit us at www .uab .edu/ english. 
With 
a Carnegie Classification of Doctoral/ Research Universities-Extensive, 
UAB is an EO/AA employer 
and actively seeks applications from women 
and minority candidates. [R] 

U of Alabama, Huntsville 

English, 
Morton Hall, Rm 222 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor of medieval literature 3912 

http:// www .uah .edu/ en glish 


The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks a medievalist for a tenure-
earning position beginning in the fall of 2009. Ph. D. by time of 
appointment. The teaching load is normally three courses per semester. 
Applicants should be interested in teaching first-year composition, sophomore 
literature, and upper-level and graduate courses in medieval literature, 
including Chaucer. The department offers the B. A. and M. A. in 
English. 
Send letter and vita by Nov. 15 to Dr. Rose Norman, Chair, 
Dept. of English, 
Univ. of Alabama in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer. 
[R] 

U of Mobile 

Humanities & Fine Arts Div, 5735 College Pky Mobile AL 36613 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 3818 

http:// www .umobile .edu 

The University of Mobile announces a tenure-track opening for an assistant 
professor of English 
beginning in August 2009. Ph.D. required by 
start date. Applications are welcome from specialists in any period of British 
literature before the 20th century. The department is seeking energetic 
scholar-teachers interested in engaging the Christian tradition. The 
faculty member will teach a 4/4 course load, including freshman composition, 
a world literature survey, and upper-level courses. 

Applicants should submit a cover letter and curriculum vitae to Dr. Douglas 
Mitchell, British Search Chair, Department of Humanities, University 
of Mobile, 5735 College Pkwy., Mobile, AL 36613. Review of applications 
will begin on October 29. Preliminary interviews will be conducted 
at MLA. If you have questions, please send an email to douglasm@ mail 
.umobile .edu. [R] 

U of Montevallo 

English 
& For Langs, Sta 6420, Comer Hall Montevallo AL 35115 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 3847 

Tenure-track. (beg. Aug. 2009) Assistant Professor of English 
with specialty 
in Medieval Literature. (Ph.D. preferred; ABD considered) We seek 
candidates committed to the excellence in teaching and scholarship that 
are hallmarks of the University of Montevallo’s liberal arts mission. Responsibilities: 
4/4 teaching load including classes in freshman composition, 
world lit surveys, and upper-level and grad courses in specialty. To 
be considered for an MLA interview, please apply on-line at: https:// jobs 
.montevallo .edu/hr and mail complete application (cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, transcript, and 3 letters of recommendation) by November 14, 
2008, to: Search Committee, Department of English 
and Foreign Languages, 
Station 6420, University of Montevallo, Montevallo, AL 35115. 
UM is an AA/EO Employer. 


Arizona 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Associate Professor of Comparative Ethnic Studies 3548 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Required: PhD in English, 
Comparative Literature, Ethnic Studies or a 
related discipline; collegeâ€level teaching experience; a record of student 
mentoring and of ongoing research and publications in the field appropriate 
to the rank of associate professor with tenure. 

Desired: Transnational, Hemispheric, or Global Research Perspective desired. 

Teaching load is 2/2 with significant research agenda; opportunities for 
teaching are at undergraduate, MA, and PhD levels. 

Applicants must send: letter of application, CV, writing sample(s) of published 
work, and contact information of three professional references to 
Chair, Comparative Ethnic Studies Search Committee, Department of 
English, 
Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. Application 
deadline (no faxes or emails please): Postmarked by October 24, 2008, if 
not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. All applications 
acknowledged. A background check is required for employment. 

AA/EOE. [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Associate Professor of Rhetorical Theory 4404 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Arizona State University (http:// www .asu 
.edu/ clas/ english) 
seeks an Associate Professor and accomplished scholarteacher 
with an excellent record of scholarship in any area of rhetorical 
theory. ASU is a Research I University with outstanding research facilities 
and infrastructure support and is located within the rapidly growing 
and dynamic metropolitan Phoenix area. The Department of English 
is a 
large and diverse unit of faculty committed to excellence in teaching, to 
new and exciting research, and to ongoing community outreach. 

REQUIRED: PhD in Rhetoric/ Composition, or related discipline; demonstrated 
excellent record of research, teaching, mentorship, and service 
as appropriate to rank of Associate Professor. 

DESIRED: Expertise in one or more of the following areas: Feminist 
rhetorical theory, African American rhetorical theory, Latino/a rhetorical 
theory, and/or Queer rhetorical theory. 

Typical teaching load is 2/2 for tenured and tenure-track faculty with a 
significant research agenda. Teaching opportunities are at the undergraduate, 
Master’s, and PhD levels. 

APPLICANTS MUST SEND: Cover letter, CV, and names of three references 
(with Name, Address and Phone number) to Chair, Search Committee 
for Associate Professor of Rhetorical Theory, Department of English, 
Arizona State University, P.O. Box 870302, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: October 31, 2008 (no faxes or emails); if 
not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. All applications 
will be acknowledged, and a background check is required for 
employment. A short list of candidates will be asked to submit writing 
samples; after review of writing samples, selected candidates will be invited 
to interview. AA/EOE. [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Associate Professor of Indigenous Americna Literatures 3809 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Required: Ph.D. in English, 
American Indian Studies, Comparative Cultural 
Studies, or related discipline; excellent record of college-level teach



ing; excellent record of sustained research and active research agenda; 
excellent record of graduate student research mentoring. 

Desired: Scholarship in decolonization and transnationality. 

Teaching Load: 2/2, with active research. Appointment in the Department 
of English, 
located in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, with 
collaborative opportunities in American Indian Studies Program and 
other affiliate programs. 

Applicants must send: Cover letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Chair, American Indian & Indigenous Literatures Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 
85287-0302. Application Deadline: October 20, 2008, or weekly thereafter 
until search is closed. Reading of applications will begin a week after 
deadline. All applications acknowledged. A background check is required 
for employment. Arizona State University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative 
action employer, 
and the English 
department actively seeks diversity 
among applicants and supports the diversity of employees. [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Full Professor: English 
Language Development in Middle and High 
Schools 3663 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Required: Ph.D. in English 
Education, Linguistics, English 
as a Second 
Language, Bilingual Studies, or a related discipline; teaching experience 
at the middle or high school level, evidence of successful college teaching; 
research and publications appropriate to rank, and evidence of a continuing 
research agenda related to the development of language skills in both 
native and non-native English 
speakers grades six through twelve. 

Desired: Research and experience in teaching English 
to native speakers 
of Spanish; demonstrated success in advising and conducting research with 
doctoral students, and in extending research into local secondary schools. 

Teaching load is 2/2 for tenure-track faculty with a significant research 
agenda. Teaching opportunities are at undergraduate, Master’s, and PhD 
levels. The appointment will be in the Department of English, 
which collaborates 
with the ASU College of Education in preparing English 
teachers 
for grades six through twelve. Applicants must send: Cover letter, vita, 
three letters of reference and a list of three other referees who may be contacted 
via telephone to Chair, English 
Education Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. 
Application Deadline (no faxes or e-mails): Postmarked by Nov. 3, 2008, 
if not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. All 
applications acknowledged. A background check is required for employment. 
AA/EOE [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Associate or Full Professor in Renaissance Literature 3556 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Required: Ph.D. in English 
or a related discipline; college-level teaching 
experience with demonstrated evidence of ability to teach Shakespeare, 
appropriate to rank; and a compelling record of ongoing, high-quality research 
and publication in Renaissance and Shakespeare studies, appropriate 
to rank. 

Teaching load is 2/2 for tenured faculty with a significant research agenda. 
Teaching opportunities are at the undergraduate, M.A., and Ph.D. levels. 

Applicants must send: cover letter, vita, and list of referees to: Chair, Renaissance 
Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
Arizona 
State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. Application Deadline (no faxes 
or emails): Postmarked by September 29, 2008, if not filled, then every 
Monday thereafter until the search is closed. All applications acknowledged. 
A background check is required for employment. Arizona State 
University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Advanced Associate or Full Professor in History of Rhetoric 3563 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Arizona State University (ASU) (http:// 
www .asu .edu/ clas/ english) 
seeks an advanced associate or a full professor 
and accomplished scholar-teacher in rhetoric and composition who has 
compiled an established record of scholarship in any area of the history 
of rhetoric. ASU is a Research I university with outstanding research facilities 
and infrastructure support and is located within the rapidly growing 
and dynamic metropolitan Phoenix area. Our English 
department 
is a large and diverse unit of faculty committed to excellence in teaching, 
to new and exciting research, and to ongoing community outreach. 
Required: Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition or related discipline; college-
level teaching experience; evidence of ability to teach and develop 
graduate and undergraduate courses in the history of rhetoric; and a 
compelling record of ongoing, high-quality scholarship in any area of 
the history of rhetoric appropriate to rank. Desired: Established record 
of scholarship and publications on classical and/or medieval rhetoric appropriate 
to rank; experience in teaching graduate courses in the history 
of rhetoric, especially classical rhetoric. General Information: Teaching 
load is 2/2 for track faculty with a significant research agenda. Teaching 
opportunities are at undergraduate, Master’s, and PhD levels. Departmental, 
university, and professional related service are expected. Applicants 
must send: Cover letter, curriculum vita, names of three references with 
contact information to Chair of Associate/ Full Professor of Rhetoric and 
Composition (History of Rhetoric) Search Committee, Department of 
English, 
Arizona State University, P.O. Box 870302, Tempe, AZ 85287- 
0302. Application Deadline (no faxes or e-mails): Postmarked by October 
31, 2008; if not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search 
is closed. ASU is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
and is 
dedicated to the recruitment and employment of a diverse workforce. A 
background check is required for employment. [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Assistant Professor in Historical/ Comparative Linguistics 3664 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Required: Ph.D. in Linguistics or a related discipline; college-level teaching 
experience; and evidence of a compelling record of ongoing, high 
quality research and publication in Historical/ Comparative linguistics. A 
demonstrated interest in the history of English. 


Desired: Experience using historical and contemporary corpora in research 
and teaching; a demonstrated interest in non-European languages. 

Teaching load is 2/2 for tenure-track faculty with a significant research 
agenda. Teaching opportunities are at undergraduate, Master’s, and PhD 
levels. Candidates will be expected to teach relevant courses on historical 
and comparative linguistics and typology. 

The appointment will be in the Department of English 
(http:// www .asu 
.edu/ clas/ english). 
Arizona State University is a large metropolitan university 
with programs in linguistics housed in various departments. 

Applicants must send: Cover letter, vita, names and contact information 
for three professional references to Chair, Historical/ Comparative Linguisitics 
Committee, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. 
Application Deadline (no faxes or emails): postmarked by October 13, 
2008; if not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. 
A background check is required for employment. Arizona State University 
is an equal opportunity employer 
(AA/EOE). 



Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, with emphasis on Fiction. 3997 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Position: Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, with emphasis on Fiction. 


Required: M.F.A. or Ph.D. in Creative Writing/ Fiction; at least one published 
book of fiction; evidence of excellent and ongoing creative writing 
projects and of effective college-level teaching and student mentoring. 

Desired: Experience writing, publishing, and teaching Creative Nonfiction. 


Teaching load is 2/2 for tenure-track faculty with a significant creative 
writing agenda. 

Application: Send a cover letter and vita. All applications will be acknowledged. 
Writing samples and three letters of reference will be requested 
of short-listed candidates. Send application materials to: Chair, Creative 
Writing Search Committee, Department of English, 
Arizona State University, 
Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. 

Application Deadline (no faxes or e-mails): Postmarked by October 13, 
2008, if not closed, then every Monday thereafter until the search is 
closed. A background check is required for employment. Arizona State 
University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Women 
and members of under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Assistant Professor of Second Language Acquisition Syntax 3552 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


Required: Ph.D. in Linguistics or a related discipline; college level teaching 
experience; and a evidence of ability to maintain a compelling record 
of ongoing, high quality research and publication in Second Language 
Acquisition Syntax. 

Teaching load is 2/2 for tenure-track faculty with a significant research 
agenda. Teaching opportunities are at undergraduate, Master’s, and PhD 
levels. The appointment will be in the Department of English 
(http:// 
www .asu .edu/ clas/ english). 
Arizona State University is a large metropolitan 
university with programs in linguistics housed in various departments. 

Applicants must send: Cover letter, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and a brief sample of relevant academic writing. Application Deadline (no 
faxes or emails): postmarked by October 9, 2008; if not filled, then every 
Monday thereafter until the search is closed. A background check is required 
for employment. Arizona State University is an equal employment 
employer 
(AA/EOE). [R] 

Arizona SU 

English, 
Box 870302 Tempe AZ 85287 

Writing Programs Director/ Advanced Associate or Full Professor of Rhetoric 
and Composition 3550 

http:// www .asu .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Arizona State University (http:// www .asu 
.edu/ clas/ english) 
seeks an experienced writing programs administrator 
and accomplished scholar-teacher with an established record of outstanding 
scholarship and professional contributions to any area of Rhetoric and 
Composition. ASU is a Research I institution with outstanding research 
facilities and infrastructure support, and is located within the rapidly growing 
and dynamic metropolitan Phoenix area. Our English 
department is a 
large and diverse unit of faculty committed to excellence in teaching, to 
new and exciting research, and to ongoing community engagement. 

Required: Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, or related discipline; experience 
as a lead writing programs administrator; college-level teaching 
experience appropriate to rank; evidence of ability to teach and develop 
graduate and undergraduate courses in Rhetoric and Composition; and 
a compelling record of ongoing, high-quality scholarship in any area of 
Rhetoric and Composition. 

Desired: Outstanding record of scholarship and publications on topics related 
to writing program administration. 

Applicants must send: Cover letter, curriculum vita, names of three references 
with contact information to Chair of Writing Programs Director/ 
Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Department of English, 
Arizona State University, P.O. Box 870302, Tempe, AZ 85287-0302. Application 
Deadline (no faxes or e-mails): Postmarked by September 26, 
2008; if not filled, then every Monday thereafter until the search is closed. 
All applications acknowledged. ASU is an affirmative action/ equal employment 
opportunity employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty 
community. A background check is required for employment. [R] 

Northern Arizona U 

English, 
PO Box 6032 Flagstaff AZ 86011 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature and African American 
Studies 3824 

http:// www .nau .edu 

Northern Arizona University’s English 
Department and Ethnic Studies 
Program invites applications for a tenure-eligible assistant professor position 
in African American literature and African American Studies and/ 
or African Diasporic Studies. A successful candidate will be expected 
to teach a yearly 3/2 load that includes courses such as Introduction to 
African American Literature, Introduction to African American Studies, 
as well as advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in their area 
of expertise. Minimum qualif ications include a PhD in English, 
African 
American Studies, or a related field, completed by August 17, 2009; 
demonstrated expertise in African American literature and culture; and 
evidence of scholarly publications. Preference will be given to those candidates 
who demonstrate a record of effective college/ university teaching 
for at least two years, a record of scholarly activity within the fields of African 
American Literature and African American Studies and/or African 
Diasporic Studies, and experience in working with a diverse community 
of learners. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a writing 
sample (publication or other as appropriate), and evidence of effective 
teaching (such as, but not limited to, sample syllabi, a 1–2 page statement 
of teaching philosophy, etc.). Please also have three confidential letters of 
reference addressing the applicant’s qualifications sent to the search committee. 
Please mail completed applications to: Professor Jeff Berglund and 
Professor Michelle Harris, Co-Chairs, African American literature and 
African American Studies Search Committee, Department of English, 
Northern Arizona University, P.O. Box 6032, Flagstaff, AZ 86011. Check 
the following website for more information on the position (scroll down 
to vacancy # 557772) : http://hr.nau .edu/m/content/ view/796/549/ 

Northern Arizona University is a committed Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Institution. Women, minorities, veterans and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. NAU is responsive to the needs 
of dual career couples. [R] 

Arka nsa s 

Arkansas Tech U 

English, 
141 Witherspoon Hall 407 West Q St Russellville AR 72801 

Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing 3789 

http:// lfa .atu .edu/ en glish/ 
home_ page .html 

Arkansas Tech University invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant 
professor in fiction writing, beginning August 15, 2009. Ph.D. preferred, 
ABD required, publication expected, and background in composition 
helpful. Annual teaching load will include creative writing courses in our 
B.F.A. program and general education composition and literature courses. 



Demonstrable commitment to general education instruction is required. 
Arkansas Tech is a mid-sized liberal arts university that emphasizes undergraduate 
education, but has a number of master’s programs, including 
an M.A. in English. 
Closing date for applications is November 25, 
2008, or until filled. Please send a letter of application, resume, and three 
current letters of recommendation to: Dr. Carl Brucker, Head, Department 
of English, 
Arkansas Tech University, Russellville, AR 72801. AA/ 
EOE. [R] 

Ca lifornia 

Butte C 

Lang Arts, 3536 Butte Campus Dr Oroville CA 95965 

Developmental Writing & Reading Instructor 4405 

http:// www .butte .edu 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 

1. Possession of a California Community College Credential authorizing 
full-time instruction in Basic Education OR 

2. Master’s Degree in English, 
literature, comparative literature, or composition 
OR 

3. Bachelor’s in any of the above AND Master’s in linguistics, TESL, 
speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or 
journalism OR 

SALARY /BENEFITS: 

$42,711-$65,588 per year, plus doctorate stipend if applicable. 

FINAL FILING DATE 

4:00 p.m. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2008 

APPLICATION INFORMATION: 

Department of Human Resources (800) 933-8322 

Butte-Glenn Community College District (530) 895-2400 

3536 Butte Campus Drive 

Oroville, California 95965-8399 

(Hearing Impaired Line Only) TDD: (530) 895-2817 

FAX: (530) 895-2836 

• Visit the Butte College website at: www .butte .edu 

APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS–READ CAREFULLY 

To be considered in the initial screening, applicants are required to submit 
two (2) sets of application materials (1 original and 1 copy) of all required 
documents to the Department of Human Resources on the main campus 
on or before the application deadline (postmarks are not accepted). Copies 
may be submitted via fax, U.S. mail, or electronically only if they are 
scanned and sent as a “PDF” file. All materials submitted become District 
property, will not be returned or copied, and will be considered for this 
opening only. Incomplete applications will not be forwarded for further 
consideration. 

• BUTTE COLLEGE ACADEMIC APPLICATION (2 copies): 

All applicants must complete a Butte College Academic Application. All 
applicable parts of the application must be completed. Please be sure to 
complete the “reference” section of the application and provide the contact 
information for at least three individuals who can provide an honest 
appraisal of your strengths as a classroom instructor and also speak to the 
relevancy of your skills and experience as it applies to our requirements 
for the position. 

AN APPLICATION WITHOUT A SIGNATURE OR WITH THE 
WORDS “SEE RESUME” OR SIMILAR PHRASE WILL NOT BE 
ACCEPTED. 

• MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS (2 copies): 

On a separate sheet of paper addressed to the hiring committee, identify 
from the category below under which you are claiming minimum qualifications. 


1. Possession of a California Community College Credential authorizing 
full-time instruction in Basic Education OR 

2. Master’s Degree in English, 
literature, comparative literature, or composition 
OR 

3. Bachelor’s in any of the above AND Master’s in linguistics, TESL, 
speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or 
journalism OR 

4. The equivalent to District Minimum Qualification as described above. 

SUBMIT A DETAILED STATEMENT EXPLAINING WHY YOU 
FEEL YOU POSSESS THE EQUIVALENT TO A MASTERS’ DEGREE 
IN THE REQUIRED FIELD. 

• RESUME OR VITA (2 COPIES) 

• COVER LETTER AND SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION (2 
copies): 

• DIVERSITY (2 copies): 

• In a separate essay describe any experiences and/or training which have 
prepared you to work with and support individuals from diverse backgrounds. 
For example, involvement within specif ic programs, courses 
and/or directed study. Describe how these experiences have had an influence 
on your teaching and your interaction with students and colleagues. 

• TRANSCRIPTS OF ALL ACADEMIC WORK (2 copies): 

EOE 

California Inst of Tech 

Humanities, 1201 E California Blvd Pasadena CA 91125 

Tenure-Track Position in English 
and American Literature 3741 

http:// www .hss .caltech .edu/ 

Division of the Humanities and Social Sciences 

Invitation for Applications: Tenure-Track Position in English 
or American 
Literature 

The Division of the Humanities and Social Science at the California Institute 
of Technology invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor 
in English 
or American literature. Exceptionally well-qualif ied 
individuals at the associate or full professor level will also be considered. 
We are considering candidates in three fields: (1) early American literature 
(2) 19th-century 
British literature and (3) transatlantic literature in 
English. 
We are seeking highly qualified candidates who are committed 
to a career in research and teaching. The term of initial appointment is 
normally four years, if untenured, and is contingent upon completion of 
the Ph.D. Interested candidates should submit a letter of application describing 
their current research, a vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and a sample of their work to: Search Chair, English 
Recruiting, Division 
of the Humanities & Social Sciences 101–40, California Institute of Technology, 
Pasadena, CA 91125 or via email to Emily de Araujo at emilya@ 
hss .caltech .edu. The deadline for applications will be December 1, 2008. 
Caltech is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women, 
minorities, veterans and disabled persons are encouraged to apply. 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 
1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor in English 
Education 3709 

http:// cla .calpoly .edu/ engl/ 

Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor in English 
Education at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, 
California, to begin September 14, 2009. Salary is commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Requirements include: a Ph.D. in English 
Education or closely allied f ield at time of appointment, excellence in 
teaching, and evidence of professional activity which keeps the candidate 
abreast of scholarship within his or her professional field. Appointment to 
teach English 
methods, adolescent/ children’s literature, supervise student 
teachers, and develop English 
education program curricula in cooperation 
with the College of Education faculty. Strong ancillary background 



in literature, linguistics, composition, or literacy studies; successful teaching 
experience at both the college and secondary school levels; experience 
in developing and maintaining university-school partnerships are 
all desirable. To apply, please visit http:// WWW .CALPOLYJOBS .ORG, 
complete a required online faculty application and apply to Requisition 
#101722. Please attach to your electronic application a cover letter, vita, 
statement of teaching philosophy, and writing sample indicative of area 
of scholarship. Please see online posting for mailing instructions of three 
current letters of recommendation, official transcripts showing highest degree 
and any other documents that cannot be submitted online. Closing 
date: November 15, 2008. Interviews will be at the MLA Convention. 
For questions, please call (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed 
to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The university actively 
encourages applications and nominations of all qualif ied individuals. 
EEO. [R] 

California SU, Los Angeles 

English, 
5151 State University Dr Los Angeles CA 90032 

Assistant Professor: Anglophone Literatures 4334 

http:// www .calstatela .edu/ academic/ english 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Anglophone literatures. ABD or Ph.D. 
in literature or equivalent field required. Expertise required in the Anglophone 
literatures of one or more regions outside of British and American 
literature; preferred interest in the Anglophone literatures of Africa, 
Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and/or the Caribbean. A Ph.D. 
from an accredited institution of higher education is required for tenure. 
Candidates should provide evidence of scholarly activity as well as the 
demonstrated potential for effective teaching of a wide range of courses 
in their field as well as in composition and general education courses in 
a multiethnic, multicultural urban environment. Applicants should send 
letter, CV, official transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Hema Chari, Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, 
Los Angeles, 5151 State University Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90032-8110. 
Applications must be postmarked on or before November 26, 2008. EO/ 
Title IX/ADA Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Los Angeles 

English, 
5151 State University Dr Los Angeles CA 90032 

Rank Open: Composition and Rhetoric 4340 

http:// www .calstatela .edu/ academic/ english 


Tenure-track position in Composition and Rhetoric. ABD or Ph.D. in 
English, 
Composition and Rhetoric, or equivalent field required. A Ph.D. 
from an accredited institution of higher education is required for tenure. 
Candidates should provide evidence of scholarly activity as well as the 
demonstrated potential for effective teaching of a wide range of courses in 
their field as well as in general education courses in a multiethnic, multicultural 
urban environment. Preference will be given to candidates with 
demonstrated interest and/or expertise in composition program administration 
and composition curriculum development. Candidates should 
demonstrate the ability to contribute to an M.A. option in Composition, 
Rhetoric, and Language. Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills are 
necessary to interact with full-time and part-time Composition faculty. 
The candidate will be expected to provide dynamic leadership for the 
Writing Program and to ensure its visibility and effectiveness across campus. 
Applicants should send letter, CV, official transcripts, and 3 letters 
of recommendation to Dr. Hema Chari, Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, Los Angeles, 5151 State University Drive, Los 
Angeles, CA 90032-8110. Applications must be postmarked on or before 
November 26, 2008. EO/Title IX/ADA Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Los Angeles 

English, 
5151 State University Dr Los Angeles CA 90032 

Assistant or Associate Professor: Genders and Sexualities 4352 

http:// www .calstatela .edu/ academic/ english 


Tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor of Genders and Sexualities. 
ABD or Ph.D. in literature or equivalent field required. Concentration 
required in the area of genders and sexualities. Expertise also required in 
any period of British or American literature. A Ph.D. from an accredited 
institution of higher education is required for tenure. Candidates should 
provide evidence of scholarly activity as well as the demonstrated potential 
for effective teaching of a wide range of courses in their fields as well as in 
composition and general education courses in a multiethnic, multicultural 
urban environment. Applicants should send letter, CV, official transcripts, 
and 3 letters of recommendation to Dr. Hema Chari, Chair, Department 
of English, 
California State University, Los Angeles, 5151 State University 
Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90032-8110. Applications must be postmarked on 
or before November 26, 2008. EO/Title IX/ADA Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Los Angeles 

English, 
5151 State University Dr Los Angeles CA 90032 

Assistant Professor: Ethnic US Literatures 4351 

http:// www .calstatela .edu/ academic/ english 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Ethnic US Literatures. ABD or Ph.D. 
in English 
or equivalent field required. A Ph.D. from an accredited institution 
of higher education is required for tenure. Primary interest required 
in Asian American, Latina/o, Native American, Arab American, 
and/or other multiethnic literature and culture to complement the department’s 
existing strength in African American Literature. Candidates 
should provide evidence of scholarly activity as well as the demonstrated 
potential for effective teaching of a wide range of courses in their field as 
well as in composition and general education courses in a multiethnic, 
multicultural urban environment. Applicants should send letter, CV, official 
transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to Dr. Hema Chari, 
Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, Los Angeles, 
5151 State University Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90032-8110. Applications 
must be postmarked on or before November 26, 2008. EO/Title IX/ADA 
Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 
6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor of English 
3821 

http:// www .csus .edu/hr/faculty/ vacancies .htm 

Asst. Prof. of English, 
entry level tenure-track position, effective Fall 
2009 (contingent upon funding). We are seeking an Applied Linguist to 
teach graduate students who are in our M.A. TESOL (Teaching English 
to Speakers of Other Languages) program and undergraduate students 
who are future K-12 teachers. Ph.D. required by August 1, 2009 in Applied 
Linguistics or related field, with specialization in second language 
acquisition and the pedagogy of one or more of the following: composition, 
reading, or grammar. ESL/ EFL or composition experience desirable. 
Four-course load with diverse student population, committee work, 
scholarly/ creative work, advising, and community service. Will accept applications 
until position is filled, but for consideration for an interview at 
MLA, applications must be received by November 17, 2008. CSUS is an 
EOE/AA employer. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, copies of 
ALL transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Brad Buchanan, 
Personnel Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, 
Sacramento, 6000 J Street, Sacramento, CA 95819-6075. [R] 



California SU, Sacramento 

English, 
6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor of English 
3822 

http:// www .csus .edu/hr/faculty/ vacancies .htm 

Asst. Prof. of English, 
entry level tenure-track position, effective Fall 
2009 (contingent upon funding). We invite applications for a entry level 
position in Medieval British Literature. Ph.D. in English 
(Literature) with 
primary expertise in Medieval British Literature required. ABD considered 
for interview; complete Ph.D. required by August 1, 2009. Collegelevel 
teaching experience preferred; ability to teach composition required. 
Four-course load with diverse student population, scholarly work, committee 
work, advising, and community service. Will accept applications 
until position is filled, but for consideration for an MLA interview (December 
27–30 in San Francisco), applications must be received by November 
17, 2008. California State University, Sacramento is an EOE/ 
AA employer. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, copies of all 
transcripts, and at least three letters of recommendation to Dr. Bradley 
Buchanan, Personnel Chair, Dept. of English, 
California State University, 
Sacramento (6000 J Street, Sacramento, CA 95819-6075). [R] 

Claremont Grad U 

English, 
143 E Tenth St Claremont CA 91711 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in 19th Century American Literature and 
Cultural Studies 3717 

http:// www .cgu .edu/ sah/ jobs 

The Departments of English 
and Cultural Studies in the School of Arts 
and Humanities at Claremont Graduate University invite applications and 
nominations for a joint appointment in 19th century American Literature 
and Cultural Studies at the rank of Assistant Professor, tenure-track beginning 
Fall 2009. A PhD is required. 

The successful candidate must be able to teach graduate seminars in major 
American writers and literary developments of the 19th century and in 
Cultural Studies, and will serve as an advisor, mentor, and provide professional 
development training for our M.A. and PhD students. Expertise in 
one or more of the following areas of specialization is important: Colonial/ 
Postcolonial Studies; Gender Studies; 19th century Race Relations 
and Ethnic Literature; U.S Empire Studies; Comparative Study of the 
Americas, Transnational and Border Studies. 

We are seeking applicants with solid teaching and mentoring experience 
in both American Literature and Cultural Studies who will bring transdisciplinary 
perspectives to research and teaching. Ideally, the candidate 
will hold a PhD in English, 
but we will consider candidates with degrees 
in other fields who have a demonstrably strong publication record in 19th 
century American Literature. 

The Humanities departments work closely together in the School of Arts 
and Humanities at the Claremont Graduate University; we are looking 
for a colleague who can help us to make connections across the disciplines 
of English, 
Cultural Studies, History and Philosophy and who can serve 
the needs of graduate students in the Humanities, in general. 

Please submit a letter of application, c.v., writing sample (20 pages maximum), 
and three letters of reference, at least one of which addresses the applicant’s 
teaching/ mentoring abilities, to Professor Wendy Martin, Chair 
of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
Claremont Graduate 
University, 121 E. Tenth Street, Claremont, CA 91711. 

Applications must be postmarked by 6 October, 2008. Interviews of selected 
candidates will be held at the 2008 ASA Meeting, or on the CGU 
campus. Please visit our website for more information about this position: 
http:// www .cgu .edu/ sah/ jobs. 

Claremont Graduate University, a private, free-standing graduate school 
is part of the Claremont College Consortium. Claremont Graduate University 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and does not discriminate on 
the basis of race, color, creed, place of national origin, sex, age, sexual 
orientation, or physical handicap in its employment practice and in admission 
of students to educational programs and activities in accordance with 
the requirements of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and 
other applicable laws. Claremont Graduate University is committed to affirmative 
action in employment practices regarding ethnic minorities, the 
physically handicapped, Vietnam-era veterans, and women. In addition to 
meeting its obligations under federal and state law, Claremont Graduate 
University is committed to increasing faculty diversity. 

We especially encourage underrepresented minorities to apply. 

Claremont McKenna C 

Literature, 850 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor Of Literature 4336 

http:// www .cmc .edu/hr/jobs/ 

Pending budgetary approval, the Department of Literature at Claremont 
McKenna College is seeking applications for a tenure-track position in 
medieval literature. The standard teaching load is four one-semester 
courses per year. Candidates should expect to complete their doctoral dissertations 
by June 2009. 

Candidates will be interviewed at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 
Please submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, dissertation 
abstract, and dossier with at least 3 letters of recommendation. Send all 
documents by November 1 to Nicholas Warner, Chair, Department of 
Literature, Claremont McKenna College, 850 Columbia Ave, Claremont, 
CA 91711. 

Claremont McKenna College is a highly selective undergraduate institution 
ranked among the top liberal arts colleges nationally. CMC is a 
member of the Claremont Colleges. The Claremont Colleges constitute 
an academic community of 6,000 students. Claremont is located 35 miles 
east of Los Angeles. 

CMC is an equal opportunity employer. 


CMC hires and promotes individuals on the basis of their qualifications, 
consistent with applicable state and federal laws, without regard to race, 
color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, 
age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, 
or sexual orientation. Inquiries may be directed to the Director of 
Human Resources, 400 N. Claremont Blvd, Claremont, CA 91711-4015 
(909) 621-8490. 

Employment is contingent upon new employee providing documents 
verifying U.S. citizenship or, for aliens, documents verifying legal permission 
to work in the United States. 

Claremont McKenna C 

Literature, 850 Columbia Av Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 4349 

http:// www .cmc .edu/hr/jobs/ 

The Literature Department at Claremont McKenna College invites applications 
for an assistant professor in any genre of creative writing. Standard 
teaching load is four one-semester courses per year; responsibilities entail 
teaching of courses in creative writing as well as occasional courses in 
literature. Requirements include MFA, PhD., or equivalent creative accomplishment, 
and at least one book or book-length body of work from 
reputable publisher. 

Candidates will be interviewed at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 
Please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, dossier with at least 
3 letters of recommendation, and writing sample of published material 
(30–50 pages); unpublished material may be sent in addition to published 
sample. 

Send all documents by November 1 to Nicholas Warner, Chair, Department 
of Literature, Claremont McKenna College, 850 Columbia Ave, 
Claremont, CA 91711. 

Claremont McKenna College is a highly selective undergraduate institution 
ranked among the top liberal arts colleges nationally. CMC is a 
member of the Claremont Colleges. The Claremont Colleges constitute 



an academic community of 6,000 students and is located 35 miles east of 
Los Angeles. 

CMC is an equal opportunity employer. 
CMC hires and promotes individuals 
on the basis of their qualifications, consistent with applicable state 
and federal laws, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, 
national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical 
diasbility, mental disability, medical condition or sexual orientation. Inquiries 
may be directed to the Direction of Human Resources, 400 N. 
Claremont Blvd, Claremont, CA 91711 (909) 621-8490. 

Employment is contingent upon new employee providing documents 
verifying U.S. citizenship or, for aliens, documents verifying legal permission 
to work in the United States. 

Loyola Marymount U 

English, 
1 LMU Dr, Ste 3800 Los Angeles CA 90045 

Assistant Professor of English 
in Renaissance/ Early Modern British 
Literature 3731 

http:// www .lmu .edu 

The Department of English 
at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles 
seeks an assistant professor of English 
to fill a tenure-track position 
in British literature of the Renaissance/ Early Modern Period beginning 
in fall 2009. A Ph.D., a record of successful undergraduate teaching, and 
evidence of a promising research program are required. Experience in one 
or more of the following areas would strengthen the application: teaching 
a British literature survey; researching the history and material production 
of poetry, drama or fiction in English; 
or teaching composition or 
rhetoric classes. The normal teaching load is 3/3, often including general 
education, pre-major, major and MA courses. As part of an intercultural, 
student-centered institution, the LMU English 
Department promotes 
teaching diverse course content using inclusive/ critical pedagogies. 

LMU offers a pre-tenure sabbatical and opportunities for research and 
course development grants. We also have a Rental Assistance Program 
and a Housing Assistance Program to help faculty purchase affordable 
housing. 

Loyola Marymount, a comprehensive university in the mainstream of 
American Catholic higher education, seeks outstanding candidates who 
value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence, the 
education of the whole person, and the building of a just society. LMU is 
an equal opportunity institution, actively working to promote an intercultural 
learning community. Women and candidates of color are encouraged 
to apply. For more complete information about Loyola Marymount 
and the Department of English 
consult our website at: www .lmu .edu. 

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a statement of 
teaching philosophy and research plans to Dr. Stephen Shepherd, Chair 
of Search Committee, Department of English, 
Loyola Marymount University, 
1 LMU Drive, Suite 3800, Los Angeles, CA 90045-2659 by October 
27, 2008. Full dossiers will be requested of selected candidates. We 
will conduct interviews at MLA 2008 in San Francisco. [R] 

Mills C 

English, 
5000 MacArthur Blvd Oakland CA 94613 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Creative Writing-Fiction for Fall 2009 4297 

http:// www .mills .edu 

The Department of English 
at Mills College invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in Creative Writing-Fiction. We are seeking a nationally 
recognized f iction writer with some experience in Creative 
Non-Fiction/ Memoir. An MFA or PhD, at least one published book, 
and teaching experience on the graduate and undergraduate level are 
required. Teaching assignments include creative writing workshops and 
courses in literature and craft. The position includes thesis direction, advising, 
participation in curriculum development and committee work. 
The department is especially interested in candidates who can contribute 
to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through their 
writing, teaching, and service. We will be interviewing at MLA in San 
Francisco. 

TO APPLY: Please send an informative letter of application (clearly outlining 
your educational background, teaching experience and publication 
record), curriculum vitae, and three current letters of recommendation 
(2006 or later) by November 8, 2008 to: 

Elmaz Abinader, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, Mills College 
English 
Department, Oakland, CA 94613 

Located in the San Francisco Bay Area, Mills College is a selective liberal 
arts college for women with coeducational graduate programs, including 
a distinguished MFA program in Creative Writing (see www .mills .edu). 
Mills College welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applications 
and nominations from women and minorities. Mills College seeks to recruit 
and retain a diverse workforce as a reflection of our commitment to 
diversity and our desire to maintain the excellence of our faculty. In so 
doing, we offer our students not only the opportunity to learn about varied 
disciplines, but to engage diverse perspectives, and ways of knowing 
and learning. AA/EOE [R] 

Mills C 

English, 
5000 MacArthur Blvd Oakland CA 94613 

Distinguished Visiting Writer-Fiction for Fall 2009 4327 

http:// www .mills .edu 

The Department of English 
at Mills College invites applications for a Distinguished 
Visiting 

Writer-Fiction. This is a two-year non-renewable position with a halftime 
teaching load. We are seeking a nationally recognized fiction writer 
with an MFA or PhD. At least one published book and teaching experience 
on the graduate and undergraduate level are required. Teaching 
assignments include creative writing workshops and craft. The position 
includes thesis direction. The department is especially interested in candidates 
who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic 
community through their writing and teaching. We will be interviewing 
at MLA in San Francisco. 

TO APPLY: Please send an informative letter of application (clearly outlining 
your educational background, teaching experience and publication 
record), curriculum vitae, and three current letters of recommendation 
(2006 or later) by November 8, 2008, to: 

Elmaz Abinader, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee Mills College 
English 
Department, Oakland, CA 94613. 

Located in the San Francisco Bay Area, Mills College is a selective liberal 
arts college for women with coeducational graduate programs, including 
a distinguished MFA program in Creative Writing (see www .mills .edu). 
Mills College welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applications 
and nominations from women and minorities. Mills College seeks to recruit 
and retain a diverse workforce as a reflection of our commitment to 
diversity and our desire to maintain the excellence of our faculty. In so 
doing, we offer our students not only the opportunity to learn about varied 
disciplines, but to engage diverse perspectives, and ways of knowing 
and learning. AA/EOE [R] 

Mt San Antonio C 

English, 
1100 N Grand Av Walnut CA 91789 

Director, English 
as a Second Language (ESL) 3641 

http:// hrjobs .mtsac .edu 

OVERVIEW: 

Under the direction of the Dean, Continuing Education, plan, organize, 
control and direct the operations and activities of English 
as a Second 
Language (ESL) programs including the development and implementation 
of academic, vocational, citizenship and career education courses and 
matriculation services to meet the needs of students who speak little or no 
English; 
hire, coordinate and direct personnel, communications, curriculum, 
information, services. 



Knowledge of: 

-Principles, practices, procedures and techniques involved in the development 
and implementation of ESL curriculum standards and instructional 
programs, services, plans, strategies, processes, systems, projects, courses, 
goals and objectives 

-Principles and practices of administration, supervision and training 

Ability to: 

-Plan, organize, control and direct the operations and activities of ESL 
programs including the development and implementation of academic, 
vocational, citizenship and career education courses to meet the needs of 
students who speak little or no English 


-Coordinate and direct personnel, communications, curriculum, information, 
services, instructional functions and resources to assure smooth 
and efficient program activities and enhance student learning and educational 
effectiveness 

-Supervise and evaluate the performance of assigned personnel 

-Work independently with little direction 

-Prepare and/or direct the maintenance of a variety of reports, records 
and files related to assigned activities 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 

Master’s degree and five years increasingly responsible experience working 
with ESL or related instructional programs, including two years in an 
administrative capacity. 

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: 

Applications received by 4:00 p.m., Monday, August 18, 2008, are guaranteed 
to be reviewed by the selection committee. The position is open 
until filled. Applicants are required to submit the following on-line: 

1. A Mt. San Antonio College on-line application may be completed at 
http:// hrjobs .mtsac .edu; paper applications will no longer be accepted. 

2. A cover letter indicating how qualifications and employment standards 
are met. 

3. A detailed résumé that summarizes educational preparation and professional 
experience for the position. 

4. College and university transcripts (unofficial transcripts are acceptable 
at the time of application). 

5. Three letters of recommendation, which reflect current, relevant experience. 


Please visit our new user-friendly employment website at http:// hrjobs 
.mtsac .edu to complete and submit your application for this position. All 
required information must be submitted on-line before the closing date 
and time as indicated per the job posting. Paper applications will no longer 
be accepted. 

For assistance with the on-line application process, contact the Off ice 
of Human Resources at (909) 594-5611, ext. 4225, by e-mail: employment@ 
mtsac .edu or visit us at 1100 North Grand Avenue, Walnut, CA 
91789-1399. 

PLEASE NOTE: A confirmation number will be assigned if your application 
packet has been successfully submitted. 

It is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure that all required materials are 
received by the filing deadline. Incomplete packets will not be considered. 
All application materials must be submitted on-line, will become College 
property, will not be returned, will not be copied and will be considered 
for this position only. 

•SALARY AND BENEFITS: 

Salary Range: M-15 ($109,728–$118,920) 

•Subject to change. 

EOE 

Occidental C 

English 
Writing, 1600 Campus Road Los Angeles CA 90041 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH WRITING 4293 

http:// www .oxy .edu 

The Department seeks applicants for a full-time tenure track assistant 
professorship. Requirements: Ph.D. in a field that focuses on language; a 
demonstrated ability to teach writing as evidenced by a teaching portfolio; 
capacity to implement interdisciplinary composition courses incorporating 
texts/ topics in a variety of fields; experience in a writing center and 
with new instructional technologies; active engagement in scholarly research 
and publication. Candidate must also show facility with workshop 
presentation and faculty mentoring/ interaction. 

Applicants should submit a letter of interest demonstrating a commitment 
to academic excellence in a diverse liberal arts environment, and 
including a statement of teaching philosophy, areas of teaching interest, 
and plans for research/ creative work; a curriculum vitae; samples of scholarly 
or creative work; teaching evaluations, if relevant, and three letters 
of recommendation to: Dr. Thomas L. Burkdall, Department of English 
Writing, Occidental College, 1600 Campus Road, Los Angeles, California 
90041. All materials are due by November 24, 2008. 

Occidental College is an aff irmative action and equal opportunity 
employer. 
The College is committed to academic excellence in a diverse 
community and supporting interdisciplinary and multicultural academic 
programs that provide a gifted and diverse group of students with an educational 
experience that prepares them for leadership in a pluralistic world. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Point Loma Nazarene U 

Literature Journalism & Modern Languages, 3900 Lomaland Dr. San 
Diego CA 92106 

Professor of Writing 4174 

http:// www .pointloma .edu/ AcademicAffairs/ FacultySite/ Faculty .htm 

The Department of Literature, Journalism and Modern Languages at 
Point Loma Nazarene University, a Christian university in the Wesleyan 
tradition, announces an opening for a full-time professor of writing with 
significant publications in fiction or nonfiction. The course load will include 
courses in first-year composition and creative writing, some general 
education World Literature survey classes and genre courses. Undergraduate 
teaching experience and Ph.D. preferred; applicants in the latter stages 
of the Ph.D. dissertation will be considered. Responsibilities begin mid- 
August 2009. Academic rank and compensation level will be based on 
degrees and experience. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled. PLNU encourages applications 
from women and under-represented minorities. Additional information 
may be obtained by contacting the chair of the department, Carol Blessing, 
Ph.D., at carolblessing@ pointloma .edu. A more complete description 
of the position, its requirements and the application process can be found 
at the website above. [R] 

Point Loma Nazarene U 

Literature Journalism & Modern Languages, 3900 Lomaland Dr. San 
Diego CA 92106 

Professor of World Literature 4175 

http:// www .pointloma .edu/ AcademicAffairs/ FacultySite/ Faculty .htm 

The Department of Literature, Journalism and Modern Languages at 
Point Loma Nazarene University, a Christian university in the Wesleyan 
tradition in San Diego, announces an opening for a full-time professor of 
World Literatures with an interest in teaching courses outside of the British 
and American traditions. Expertise in post-colonial theories and their 
application to non-Western literatures is especially desirable. Ph.D. preferred 
though applicants in the latter stages of the Ph.D. dissertation will 
be considered. Responsibilities begin mid-August 2009. Academic rank 



and compensation will be based on degrees and experience. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. 
PLNU encourages applications from women and under-represented minorities. 
Additional information may be obtained by contacting the chair 
of the department, Carol Blessing, Ph.D., at carolblessing@ pointloma 
.edu. A more complete description of the position, its requirements and 
the application process can be found at the website above. [R] 

Pomona C 

English, 
140 W Sixth St Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of English, 
specializing in British and/or American 
Poetry since 1820. 4275 

http:// www .pomona .edu/ adwr/ academicdean/ facultyjobs .shtml 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, 
specializing in British and/ 
or American Poetry since 1820. PhD in hand or expected by September 
2009. 

Pomona College, the founding member of the Claremont Colleges, is a 
highly selective liberal arts college, located 35 miles east of Los Angeles 
and attracting a diverse, national student body. The College has a strong 
commitment to interdisciplinary study, as well as to intercollegiate cooperation, 
providing a stimulating environment for students and faculty 
alike. Department faculty teach two courses per semester, and are eligible 
for a one-year junior research leave, regular sabbatical leaves, and generous 
research support. 

Send a dossier, including a letter of application, graduate transcript, curriculum 
vitae, 1–2 page dissertation abstract, and three letters of recommendation 
to Kevin J. H. Dettmar, Chair, Department of English, 
Pomona 
College, 140 West Sixth Street, Claremont, California 91711–6335. Complete 
applications received by November 3 will receive full consideration. 
Pomona College is committed to increasing its diversity and welcomes applications 
from women and members of under-represented 
groups. [R] 

Pomona C 

Media Studies Program, 333 N College Way Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of Media Studies 3826 

http:// www .pomona .edu 

Tenure-track appointment, Assistant Professor of Media Studies, specializing 
in film studies, with an emphasis on non-western, postcolonial, and/ 
or diasporic f ilm traditions. Teaching load: 2/2. Ph.D. in hand or expected 
by September 2009. Pomona College, the founding member of the 
Claremont Colleges, is a highly selective liberal arts college attracting a 
diverse, national student body. Send a dossier, including a letter of application, 
transcript, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to 
Kathleen Fitzpatrick, Chair, Media Studies Search Committee; 333 North 
College Way, Claremont CA 91711. Complete applications received by 
November 1 will receive full consideration. Media Studies is particularly 
interested in candidates who have experience working with students from 
diverse backgrounds and a demonstrated commitment to improving access 
to and success in higher education for underrepresented students. Pomona 
College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages applications 
from women and members of under-represented groups. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

Comp & World Lit, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of Comparative & World Literature 3585 

http:// www .sfsu .edu/ ~wclit/ 

Approved position in Comparative Literature, tenure-track assistant 
professor, to begin Fall 2009. Ph.D. in Comparative Literature or a 
comparable discipline; must, at a minimum, have completed all degree requirements 
by 8/1/09. Demonstrable scholarly strength in more than one 
national language and literature, with competence in critical theory. Specific 
field less important than strong comparatist training and evidence of 
excellence in teaching. Preferred areas: African or Asian literatures, pre- 
20th-century 
literature, and/or the genres of drama or poetry. (Unlikely 
to consider those with specialties in literature of the Americas; medieval 
literature; or post-1700 British, French, or German narrative.) Responsibilities 
include teaching large General Education world literature courses, 
upper-division undergraduate courses, and graduate seminars, as well 
as supervising M.A. theses. Teaching load 3 courses per semester, with 
opportunities for support of scholarly projects. Salary competitive, commensurate 
with qualifications. Send cover letter, CV, evidence of teaching 
effectiveness, and 3 letters of reference to Hiring Committee, Department 
of Comparative and World Literature, San Francisco State Univ., 1600 
Holloway Ave., San Francisco, CA 94132. Materials must be postmarked 
by November 7, 2008. We will interview candidates at the December 
MLA meeting in San Francisco. SF State is an AA/EO employer. 
[R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 
1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor 3650 

http:// www .sfsu .edu 

San Francisco State University seeks applicants specializing in 19th- 
century 
American literature for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position, 
beginning Fall 2009. Ph.D. in English 
or all doctoral requirements 
completed by 8/01/09. Teaching responsibilities include undergrad general 
education courses, upper-division and master’s courses in American 
literature, and a survey course in 18th-and 19th-c. literature in English. 
Desirable subspecialties include transatlantic romanticism, literature of the 
period by minority and women authors, LGBTQ studies. 3 courses per 
semester. Salary competitive, commensurate with qualifications. Initial 
interviews at Dec. MLA meeting in San Francisco. Applications must be 
postmarked by 11/12/08. Send cover letter, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, 
and information about teaching range/ experience to Beverly Voloshin, 
Chair, English 
Dept. (Attn. Lit Search Committee), San Francisco 
State Univ., 1600 Holloway Ave., San Francisco CA 94132. SFSU is an 
AA/EO employer. 
[R] 

San Jose SU 

English 
& Comp Lit, 1 Washington Sq San Jose CA 95192 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing-Fiction 3936 

http:// www .sjsu .edu/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature at San Jose State 
University seeks to hire an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) in Creative 
Writing-Fiction ( Job Opening ID 13447). Position begins August 21, 
2009. Teaching assignments will include undergraduate workshops in 
lower-division creative writing (multiple genre) and upper-division creative 
writing-fiction workshops, graduate MFA workshops in creative 
writing-fiction, and directing and serving as a reader for MFA Theses; 
teaching assignments may include upper-division undergraduate writing 
workshops in creative non-f iction and undergraduate courses in composition 
and general education. In addition, the initial assignment upon 
appointment will include the position of Director of the Center for Literary 
Arts (CLA). The directorial assignment for the CLA will involve 
running a highly successful series of readings, speeches, and other programs 
on campus featuring visiting poets, fiction writers, creative nonfiction 
writers, and playwrights. The CLA sponsors four Major Authors 
each academic year as well as a number of readings by less well known 
writers. The CLA assignment will also include regular contacts with not 
only university faculty, students, and administrators but also organizations 
and groups in local communities. In addition, the CLA Director oversees 
and participates in grant writing, all CLA budget matters including fund 
raising, and publicity for CLA programs. Creative publication, committee 
and other service to the department and university, student recruitment, 
and fundraising/ grant activity will be necessary components of tenure and 
promotion. Candidate must address the needs of a student population of 
great diversity—in age, cultural background, ethnicity, primary language, 



and academic preparation—through course materials, teaching strategies, 
and advisement. 

Qualifications: MFA or Doctorate in Creative Writing-Fiction by date 
of appointment. Secondary emphasis in Creative Non-Fiction desirable. 
University teaching experience required as well as evidence of strong 
promise for or success in publication of fiction. Applicants should have 
awareness of and sensitivity to the educational goals of a multicultural 
population as might have been gained in cross-cultural study, training, 
teaching, and other comparable experience. Salary is commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Employment is contingent upon proof of 
eligibility to work in the United States. 

Application Procedures: For full consideration send a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, statement of teaching interests/ philosophy, statement of 
creative publication plans, and at least three original letters of reference 
with contact information by November 12, 2008, to: John Engell, Chair, 
Department of English 
& Comparative Literature, San Jose State University, 
One Washington Square, San Jose, CA 95192-0090. Please include 
the Job Opening ID ( JOID): 13447. Initial interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA Convention. 

San Jose State University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer 
committed to the core values of inclusion, civility, and respect 
for each individual. [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, 
MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Renaissance literature 3965 

http:// en glish 
.berkeley .edu 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for an Assistant 
Professor (PhD or equivalent by the time of employment, preferred) or 
Associate Professor position specializing in Renaissance literature. The 
appointment is to be effective July 1, 2009, subject to budgetary approval. 

Candidates should send application letter, at least three letters of recommendation 
(Associate Professors please include just the names and current 
addresses of three referees; Assistant Professors may send dossier), self-addressed 
stamped postcard for acknowledgment, and two copies of both 
CV and a writing sample of 10,000 words to: 

Chair, Renaissance Search Committee, Department of English 
322 
Wheeler Hall #1030, Berkeley CA 94720-1030 and/or http:// ls-ourunit 
.berkeley .edu:80/sReg .php?i=174 (electronic submissions preferred) 

This URL allows candidates to register and upload application material. 
Once application materials have been uploaded, candidates will be given 
a URL where their referees may upload PDFs of their letters. Please refer 
potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality at: 
http:// apo .chance .berkeley .edu/ evalltr .html. Application material must be 
postmarked or uploaded by October 31, 2008 to be considered. 

The University of California is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 
1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

African American and/or Anglophone African Diasporic Literature and 
Culture 3768 

http:// wwwen glish 
.ucdavis .edu/ 

The Department of English, 
University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for a position in African American and/or Anglophone African 
Diasporic Literature and Culture. PhD or ABD (degree completed 
by summer 2009). Rank is tenure-track Assistant or tenured Associate 
Professor. 

Affiliations with other UC Davis programs such as African American and 
African Studies, American Studies, Cultural Studies, and/or others are 
possible if desired. Assuming we find suitable candidates, the department 
is authorized to offer more than one position, and we are excited about 
the possibility of hiring a cluster of new faculty in these fields. 

Responsibilities will include teaching undergraduate and graduate 
courses, serving on dissertation committees, directing dissertations, and 
actively participating in the department. 

Candidates must show achievement or strong promise of scholarly productivity, 
and a commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels, leadership abilities, and an interest in 
mentoring students. 

To ensure consideration prior to the MLA convention, send letter of application, 
c.v., dossier containing at least three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample (20–25 pages) to Elizabeth Freeman and Scott Simmon, 
Co-Chairs of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
One 
Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616. The position is open until filled. For 
full consideration, applications should be postmarked no later than November 
7, 2008. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 
1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 3902 

http:// writing .ucdavis .edu 

The University Writing Program of the University of California at Davis 
is offering two tenure-line positions for assistant professors in writing, 
rhetoric, and composition studies. Successful candidates will teach upperlevel 
undergraduate courses in writing in disciplines and professions, as 
well as graduate courses in the theory and pedagogy of composition and 
rhetoric. We are seeking in particular teachers/ scholars with ongoing research 
in professional and technical/ scientific communication, writing 
across/in disciplines, and writing and new media. Interest in and potential 
for writing program administration in a Research I public university is 
required. 

PhD or ABD (degree completed by Summer 2009) with specialization 
in rhet/ comp, professional/ technical communication, or a closely-related 
field. 

The successful candidates will join an independent writing program at 
a top-flight research university with an established emphasis on writing 
in the disciplines and professions, as well as a diverse student population. 
The university’s commitment to writing in the disciplines, as represented 
by the University Writing Program, has been recognized as “stellar” by 
US News and World Report in its Best Colleges annual. The University 
Writing Program (UWP) publishes the journal Writing on the Edge and 
enjoys the support of Davis’s renowned programs in the sciences, environmental 
studies, agriculture, and engineering, plus close ties with the arts, 
the humanities, and the School of Education. The UWP administers a 
new interdisciplinary PhD emphasis in Writing, Rhetoric, and Composition 
Studies. Located in Northern California’s Central Valley, adjacent 
to Sacramento and within easy driving distance of the Bay Area and the 
Sierra, UC Davis offers a superb, diverse environment for teaching and 
research. Websites: www .ucdavis .edu and writing .ucdavis .edu. 

Application letter, vita, scholarly writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
should be addressed to Christopher Thaiss, Search Committee 
Chair University Writing Program, University of California, One 
Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616 

We will begin reading applications on October 20, 2008. We will conduct 
a first round of phone interviews beginning November 17, 2008, and 
we plan to bring finalists to campus beginning the first week of January 
2009. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/ equal employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities, and veterans. [R] 



U of California, Irvine 

English, 
435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Associate or Beginning Full Professor of Literary Theory 4335 

http:// www .humanities .uci .edu/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at the University of California at Irvine seeks 
an associate or beginning full professor with strong credentials in theory 
and an interest in anchoring theoretical inquiry in other forms of literary 
and cultural studies. 

Applicants are requested to upload letter of interest and curriculum vitae 
to https:// recruit.ap.uci .edu/by October 24, 2008, when review of applications 
will begin. Position remains open until filled. Possible interviews 
at MLA. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

English, 
435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant or Beginning Associate Professor of Medieval Literature 4331 

http:// www .humanities .uci .edu/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at UC Irvine invites applications for an Assistant 
or beginning Associate Professor in Medieval Literature. We seek a 
candidate with demonstrated excellence in medieval literature and strong 
teaching record appropriate to experience. Ph.D. required by July 1, 2009. 
Applicants should send letter of application, vita, dossier, and 20–25 page 
writing sample to Elizabeth Allen, Chair, Medieval Search Committee, 
English 
Department, University of California, Irvine CA 92697-2650, by 
October 24, 2008. We will interview at the MLA convention. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 
149 Humanities Bldg Box 951530 Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant Professor of Transatlantic Studies 4311 

http:// en glish 
.ucla .edu 

A junior tenure-track position in Transatlantic Studies prior to 1900, supported 
by a generous grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. Applications 
are invited from scholars whose work is attentive to literatures 
reflecting the full cultural range and diversity of cross-Atlantic relations, 
including the South and North Atlantics, and seriously considers the work 
of cultural translation inherent to the processes of circulation, movement, 
and transplantation. 

Submit letter, CV, 20-page writing sample, and three (3) letters of reference 
by November 3, 2008 to Rafael Perez-Torres, Chair, UCLA Department 
of English, 
Box 951530, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Positions are 
subject to final administrative approval. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 
149 Humanities Bldg Box 951530 Los Angeles CA 90095 

Tenured Professor in Medieval Literature 4305 

http:// en glish 
.ucla .edu 

One tenured professor position (rank open) in Medieval Literature. Candidates 
should have a strong record of publication, promise of continued 
scholarly productivity, and a demonstrated commitment to undergraduate 
and graduate education. Submit letter, CV, 20-page writing sample, and 
three (3) letters of reference by November 3, 2008 to Rafael Perez-Torres, 
Chair, UCLA Department of English, 
Box 951530, Los Angeles, CA 
90095-1530. Positions are subject to final administrative approval. UCLA 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Riverside 

English, 
900 University Av HMNSS #1202 Riverside CA 92521 

Postcolonial Studies (open rank) 3771 

http:// www .ucr .edu/ 

Postcolonial Studies. UC Riverside English 
Department is recruiting for 
an open rank position in Postcolonial Studies, beginning July 1, 2009. 
We welcome applications from scholars whose primary research field is 
postcolonial theory and Anglophone literature. PhD is required, as are 
teaching experience and a dedication to teaching excellence. A record or 
compelling promise of research publication is required for a junior level 
appointment. A national reputation in the field and established publication 
record is required for a senior appointment. Salary and rank are commensurate 
with education, experience, and publication record. Please send 
a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 20–25 pp. writing sample, and 
three letters of recommendation sent by the referees or in an academic 
placement file. (Senior applicants may send three names with contact information.) 
Review of applications will begin November 17, 2008 and 
the position will be open until filled. Applications should be addressed 
to Postcolonial Studies Search, c/o Katherine Kinney, Chair, Department 
of English-
40, University of California, Riverside, Riverside, CA 92521- 
0323. All applicants will receive acknowledgement of receipt of the application. 
Candidates may be interviewed at the MLA convention in San 
Francisco. UCR is an EO/AA employer 


U of California, San Diego 

Lit, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093 

Advanced Assistant to Full Professor-19th/20th-Century 
African American/ 
African Diaspora Literature 3648 

http:// literature .ucsd .edu 

Advanced Assistant to Full Professor of Nineteenth and/or Twentieth- 
Century 
African American/ African diaspora literature and culture, effective 
7/1/2009. Particular interest in applicants who situate their studies 
within the contexts of U.S. cultural studies, comparative diaspora studies, 
gender and sexuality studies, popular culture, and/or transnational or 
postcolonial studies. Teaching and research interests should be demonstrably 
compatible with those of a historical, cross-cultural, and interdisciplinary 
department of literature, which encourages comparative, transnational 
approaches. Record of or proven potential for distinguished scholarship 
and effective teaching at both graduate and undergraduate levels required. 
Applicants are welcome to include in their cover letters a personal statement 
summarizing teaching experience and interests, leadership efforts, 
and/or contributions to diversity. Salary is commensurate with experience 
and based on UC pay scale. Immigration status of non-citizens should be 
stated in CV. Send letter of application, CV, dossier, and sample(s) of published 
work to: 

African American/ Diaspora Search Committee Chair, Department of 
Literature 0410, University of California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0410, Telephone: 858-534-4618 

Refer to position #143-MLA. No electronic applications are accepted. 
For return of writing sample(s), enclose a large self-addressed envelope 
with adequate postage. 

Closing date is November 15, 2008. 

UCSD is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity. Applicants are invited to preview campus 
diversity resources and programs at http:// diversity .ucsd .edu (Diversity at 
UC San Diego). 



U of California, San Diego 

Lit, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093 

Assistant Professor of Poetry 3649 

http:// literature .ucsd .edu 

University of California, San Diego (UCSD) Department of Literature 
(http:// literature .ucsd .edu) effective 7/1/09 

Seeking a poet to teach in a thriving undergraduate program and new 
MFA program. For this tenure track position, we welcome candidates 
with interdisciplinary and innovative approaches to poetics; the ability to 
work in other genres such as digital media or nonfiction is also desirable. 
Applicants should have a promising record of publication and a proven 
commitment to teaching as well as an interest in teaching within a world 
literature department with a focus on critical theory and cultural, ethnic, 
and gender studies. 

Salary commensurate with experience and based on UC pay scale. Immigration 
status of non-citizens should be stated in CV. Send letter of application, 
CV, dossier, and writing sample(s) of published work to: Writing 
Search Committee Chair, Department of Literature 0410, University of 
California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0410 

Applicants are encouraged to include in their cover letters a personal statement 
summarizing teaching experience and interests, leadership efforts, 
and/or contributions to diversity. Refer to position #150-MLA. No electronic 
applications are accepted. For return of writing sample(s), enclose a 
large self-addressed envelope with adequate postage. 

Closing date is November 15, 2008 

UCSD is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity. Applicants are invited to preview campus 
diversity resources and programs at http:// diversity .ucsd .edu (Diversity at 
UC San Diego) 

To assist applicants who may have concerns regarding employment opportunities 
for spouses/ partners, please consider the UCSD Academic 
Job Opportunities Bulletin (http:// academicaffairs .ucsd .edu/ offices/ aaa/ 
recruitment), the Staff Employment Opportunity Bulletin (http:// joblink 
.ucsd .edu) or employment opportunities at other education and research 
institutions in San Diego (http:// ucsd .edu/ sandiego .html). 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, 
Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor in Literature and Media 4381 

http:// www .en glish 
.ucsb .edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor. We seek a candidate who specializes in 
literature and media technologies or cultures between 1800 and c. 1980, 
the epoch of modernization from the f irst industrial revolution to the 
onset of the current digital revolution. We are particularly interested in 
candidates whose research focuses on writing, reading, communicational, 
computational, visual, or sensory media in the period between earlymodern 
technologies of writing and reading and contemporary digital 
technologies (two areas in which our department has strength). 

The ideal candidate would be able to teach a range of courses in literature 
and media, as well as a literary historical field; contribute to the department’s 
digital humanities and undergraduate specialization in Literature 
& Culture of Information, as well as intersect with the department’s collaborative 
research and teaching initiatives (including the Transcriptions/ 
Literature, Culture, and Media Center and the Transliteracies Project); 
and contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching, and service. (Please visit the UCSB English 
website for information on our department’s ongoing initiatives.) Position 
effective July 1, 2009. Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 

Send letter of application, dossier, and non returnable sample of written 
work (20pp or less) to Literature and Media Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 3170. 

To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by October 
24, 2008. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. The University 
of California is an EO/AA employer. 


U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, 
Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance Drama 4283 

http:// en glish 
.ucsb .edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor. We invite applications from candidates 
who specialize in Renaissance drama, including Shakespeare, and who 
can also teach a range of courses in Renaissance literature. We especially 
welcome candidates who can intersect with our department’s Early Modern 
Center and other collaborative research and teaching initiatives, and 
can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching, and service. (Please visit the UCSB English 
website for information on our department’s ongoing initiatives as well as 
the website of our department’s Early Modern Center: http:// emc .english 
.ucsb .edu/.) Base salary dependent upon qualifications. Position effective 
July 1, 2009. Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 

Send letter of application, dossier, and non returnable sample of written 
work (20 pp. or less) to Renaissance Search Committee, Department of 
English, 
University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 3170. 

To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by October 
24, 2008. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. The University 
of California is an EO/AA employer. 


U of California, Santa Barbara 

Writing Program, South Hall 1520 Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Director of Writing Program, University of California, Santa Barbara 3995 

http:// www .writing .ucsb .edu/ jobs .htm 

The University of California, Santa Barbara is conducting a search for the 
Director of the Writing Program effective July 1, 2009. The Writing Program 
is an independent unit within the College of Letters and Science 
that offers several hundred undergraduate courses yearly at both lowerand 
upper-division levels. In keeping with the Program’s commitment 
to writing within and across the disciplines, some freshman composition 
sections are linked to general education courses in various disciplines. A 
range of upper-division courses focus on the genres of professional as well 
as academic writing. The Program offers a Minor in Professional Writing 
with three separate tracks: Business Communication, Editing, and Technical 
& Multimedia Writing. A related area of specialization in Composition, 
Literacy and English 
Education is offered to students in the Gevirtz 
Graduate School of Education. 

Writing Program courses are taught mostly by Writing Program lecturers 
and graduate student teaching assistants recruited across campus. The 
Director, who normally teaches half-time, supervises faculty recruitment, 
hiring, and evaluation; plans and staffs the curriculum; manages the budget; 
oversees the Program office; and represents the Program across campus. 
The Director reports to the Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts. 

We seek a senior scholar and teacher with a distinguished record who 
has the vision and the leadership skills to further the development of an 
independent, teaching-centered undergraduate writing program dedicated 
to writing across the disciplines. The successful candidate must be 
qualified to hold a tenured academic appointment as a professor at the 
University of California. Candidates should have experience in teaching, 
administration, and program development. Experience in obtaining extramural 
funding is desirable. Salary is commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. The College is particularly interested in candidates who 
can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching, and service. 

Further information about the Program is available at www .writing .ucsb 
.edu. 

Candidates should submit a letter of application detailing experience and 
areas of academic interest, a current vita, the names (with numbers and 



email addresses) of 3–5 references, and a sample of scholarly research. Additional 
materials may be requested at a later date. Review of candidates 
will begin on November 3, 2008 and will continue until the position is 
filled. 

Send applications to: Writing Program Search Committee, The Writing 
Program, 1516 South Hall, University of California, Santa Barbara, Santa 
Barbara, CA 93106-3010 

The University of California, Santa Barbara is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action employer. 


U of California, Santa Cruz 

Lit, Humanities Bldg 1 1156 High St Santa Cruz CA 95064 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Creative Writing (Poetry) and
Literature 3594 

http:// literature .ucsc .edu 

The Department of Literature at the University of California, Santa 
Cruz, invites applications for a tenure-track or tenured position in Creative 
Writing-Poetry. The campus is seeking a poet with a broad range of 
interests. Teaching assignments will include creative writing workshops 
and courses in literature. The appointee will be expected to teach large 
undergraduate lecture courses as well as small advanced seminars, participate 
in running the reading series and work actively with undergraduates, 
graduate students and faculty to invigorate the poetry program. This position 
carries a five-course-equivalency workload, which normally means 
teaching four courses over three quarters and carrying out other academic 
and service responsibilities. The appointee must be able to work with students 
and faculty from a wide range of social and cultural backgrounds. 
The campus is especially interested in candidates who can contribute to 
the diversity and excellence of the academic community through their 
writing, research, teaching, and/or service. 

The Division has a strong tradition of collaborative and interdisciplinary 
work, and we especially encourage applications from strongly qualified 
candidates eager to extend their teaching and research activities across departmental 
and disciplinary boundaries. 

RANK: Assistant Professor (tenure-track) OR Associate Professor (tenured) 

SALARY: Commensurate with qualifications, experience, and level of 
appointment. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: M.F.A. in poetry and/or a significant 
record of publication in poetry required; creative talent of a high order 
as testified to in letters of recommendation and as manifest in published 
and/or unpublished writing required; demonstrated record of successful 
college level teaching required. Ph.D. desirable. Work in other genres desirable. 
Ability to work in a language other than English 
desirable (e.g., 
translation, knowledge of and ability to teach a non-anglophone literature, 
etc.) 

POSITION AVAILABLE: July 1, 2009 

TO APPLY: To be given full consideration, please send an informative letter 
of application (clearly outlining your educational background, teaching 
experience, and publication record), vitae, and three current letters of 
recommendation* (2006 or later). Applicants are encouraged to submit 
a statement addressing their contributions to diversity through their research, 
teaching, and/or service. Send all materials to: Creative Writing 
Search Committee, Department of Literature, University of California, 
1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 

Please refer to Position #509–09 in your reply. 

CLOSING DATE: The position will remain open until filled. Screening 
will begin with applications postmarked by November 1, 2008. 

*All letters will be treated as confidential documents; please direct your 
references to UCSC’s confidentiality statement at http:// apo .ucsc .edu/ 
academic_ policies_ and_ procedures/ cappm/ confstm .htm 

The University of California, Santa Cruz is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employer, 
committed to excellence through 
diversity. 

Inquiries regarding the University’s equal employment opportunity policies 
may be directed to: Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Office at the University of California, Santa Cruz, CA 95064; (831) 
459-2686. 

If you need assistance due to a disability please contact the Academic Personnel 
Office at 499 Clark Kerr Hall (831) 459-4300. This position description 
is available in alternate formats, which may be requested from 
Academic Personnel at (831) 459-4300. 

VISIT THE APO WEB SITE http:// apo .ucsc .edu 

8/5/08 [R] 

U of San Francisco 

English, 
2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117 

Assistant Professor (tenure track): Non-fiction and Genre Coordinator 3770 

The MFA in Writing Program at the University of San Francisco invites 
applications for a tenure-track position in Creative Nonf iction at the 
Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2009. Job responsibilities include 
serving as the coordinator for nonfiction curriculum within the program 
alongside colleagues who serve as coordinators for fiction and poetry. 

Qualifications include an MFA, PhD, or equivalent, demonstrated expertise 
in teaching in the genre, secondary expertise in teaching either poetry 
or fiction, experience with curriculum development, and an ability 
to contribute to an innovative, expanding writing program. The candidate 
must have a strong publication record with national exposure, with at 
least one book of nonfiction. 

Teaching responsibilities include nonfiction workshops, classics of literary 
nonfiction, narrating nonfiction, the art of the essay, and other craft 
courses. The successful candidate will also have the qualifications to serve 
as genre coordinator for nonfiction courses and to perform administrative 
duties related to admissions and thesis approval. Special interest areas 
such as ethnic literature are encouraged. The teaching requirement is two 
to three classes per semester. Supervision of students’ creative theses may 
constitute the equivalent of one course. 

For more information on the submission process for applicants, please visit 
us at http:// www .usfca .edu/hr/Completed applications must be received 
by October 15, 2008, in order to ensure full consideration. 

The University of San Francisco is a Jesuit Catholic University founded in 
1855 to educate leaders who will fashion a more humane and just world. 
Candidates should demonstrate a commitment to work in a culturally 
diverse environment and to contribute to the mission of the University. 
USF is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
dedicated to affirmative action 
and to excellence through diversity. The University provides reasonable 
accommodations to qualified applicants with disabilities upon request. 

U of San Francisco 

English, 
2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117 

Tenure Track Assistant Professor of Creative Nonfiction 3769 

http:// www .usfca .edu/hr/ 

The Department of English 
at the University of San Francisco invites applications 
for a tenure-track faculty position in Creative Nonfiction at the 
Assistant Professor level to begin in August 2009. Primary responsibilities 
will include teaching undergraduate writing courses in Creative Nonfiction, 
Introduction to Creative Writing, other creative writing or literature 
courses, and classes in USF’s Freshman Seminar Program. Teaching load 
is 9 courses over 4 semesters (2/2–2/3). 

Qualifications: Ph.D. or MFA, university teaching experience in Creative 
nonfiction with crossover interests in fiction or other writing genres, evidence 
of a strong commitment to teaching, significant record of publications, 
and an understanding of and commitment to support the Mission of 
the University. 

For more information on the submission process for applicants, please 
visit us at http:// www .usfca .edu/hr/Applications must be received by 



October 
31, 2008 in order to ensure full consideration. We will be conducting 
interviews at the MLA. 

The University of San Francisco is a Jesuit Catholic University founded in 
1855 to educate leaders who will fashion a more humane and just world. 
Candidates should demonstrate a commitment to work in a culturally 
diverse environment and to contribute to the mission of the University. 
USF is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
dedicated to affirmative action 
and to excellence through diversity. The University provides reasonable 
accommodations to qualified applicants with disabilities upon request. 

U of Southern California 

English, 
THH 420 Los Angeles CA 90089 

Assistant Professor 4380 

The College of Letters, Arts, and Sciences at the University of Southern 
California seeks an early modern scholar whose teaching and research 
inerests fall primarily in the period from c.1600 to c.1800. The successful 
applicant will be appointed at the assistant professor level in Art History, 
English, 
or History. Appointment in one department is most likely; 
however, in special circumstances, joint appointments will be considered 
when such an arrangement is in the best interest of the faculty member’s 
professional development. USC is the home of the USC-Huntington 
Early Modern Studies Institute (see www .usc .edu/ emsi for a listing of its 
programs). Applications including c.v. and three letters of recommendation 
must be sent by November 1, 2008, to: Early Modern Search, c/o 
Department of History, SOS 153, University of Southern California, Los 
Angeles, CA 90089-0034. USC strongly values diversity and is committed 
to equal opportunity in employment. Women and men, and members 
of all racial and ethnic groups, are encouraged to apply. 

U of Southern California 

Writing Program, 950 W Jefferson Blvd, Rm 150 Los Angeles CA 
90089 

Lecturer in Writing 3985 

http:// www .usc .edu/ 

The College of Letters, Arts and Sciences at USC announces openings 
for qualified Lecturers to teach lower-division and advanced composition 
courses in a writing-across-the-curriculum context beginning Fall 2009. 
We offer renewable appointments with benefits and potential promotion 
to Professor (Teaching) ranks. Competitive candidates will have the training 
and experience necessary to teach effectively in a rhetorically-focused 
writing program that utilizes process-based pedagogy in the service of argumentative 
and analytical forms of writing, and a background (or specific 
interest) in one or more of the following disciplines: arts and humanities, 
health sciences, natural sciences, pre-law, and social sciences. Demonstrated 
excellence teaching introductory or advanced writing courses is 
required, and familiarity with the needs of writers whose first language is 
not English 
is highly desirable. Qualified candidates will have a Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric and Composition (or equivalent) by June 2009. To apply, send 
an application letter, CV, three letters of recommendation and teaching 
evaluations to: The Writing Search Committee, c/o John Holland, Writing 
Program, JEF 150, MC-1293, University of Southern California, Los 
Angeles, CA 90089-1293. Review of applications will begin on November 
17, 2008; receipt of materials will be acknowledged by e-mail. We 
plan to interview at the MLA. The University of Southern California 
strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. 
Women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic groups, 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of the Pacific 

English, 
3601 Pacific Av Stockton CA 95211 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 4356 

http:// web .pacific .edu/ 

Tenure-track position beginning fall 2009. Candidate will have Ph.D. and 
strong preparation in eighteenth and nineteenth century fields. Secondary 
expertise in one or more of the following areas: Literature of the Americas, 
Pacific Rim Literature, or World Literature. Candidate will also teach 
in the General Education Pacific Seminars. Teaching distribution is 2/3. 
Send letter of application and c.v. by November 7 to Professor Camille 
Norton, Chair, Department of English. 
University of the Pacific, 3601 
Pacific Ave., Stockton CA 95211. The University of the Pacific is an equal 
opportunity employer 
committed to the diversity of its faculty, students, 
and staff [R] 

Ventura County Comm Coll District 

255 West Stanley Ave Suite 150 Ventura CA 93001 

Instructor in English 
as a Second Language (ESL) PART TIME POOL 3891 

http:// jobs .vcccd .edu 

Posting Number 

0600148 

Official Title 

Instructor in English 
as a Second Language (ESL) PART TIME POOL 

Position: 

Part Time 

Months 

TBD 

Hourly Salary Range: 

$48.58-$83.62 

Hourly Starting Salary: 

$48.58-$61.17 

Job Category 

Part-time Academic 

Brief Description: 

This is a pool to fill part-time positions at any of our three colleges, Oxnard, 
Moorpark and Ventura within the specified discipline. 

Job Duties: 

Note to Applicant: 

Applicants will remain in the pool for one year from date of application. 

To teach a broad range of courses within the discipline. Assignments 
could be for days, evenings or weekends. 

The District seeks candidates with teaching and performance experience 
who possess effective communication skills, and who exhibit sensitivity 
to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, 
sexual orientation, disability and ethnic backgrounds of community college 
students. 

Minimum Qualifications 

Master’s in TESL, TESOL, applied linguistics with a TESL emphasis, linguistics 
with a TESL emphasis, English 
with a TESL emphasis, or education 
with a TESL emphasis OR 

Bachelor’s in TESL, TESOL, English 
with a TESL certificate, linguistics 
with a TESL certificate, applied linguistics with a TESL certificate, or any 
foreign language with a TESL certificate AND Master’s in linguistics, applied 
linguistics, English, 
composition, bilingual/ bicultural studies, reading, 
speech, or any foreign language OR The equivalent 

OR possession of an appropr iate California Community College 
Credential. 


Work Week/ Hours 

To be determined based on the needs of the district. 



Assignments could be for days, evenings or weekends. 

Closing Date 

Open Until Filled 

Required Applicant Documents: 

Documents not to exceed 2mb maximum 

Resume 

Transcripts and/or Supplemental course list 

APPLICATION PROCEDURES 

For your application to be considered, the following items are required for 
each position. Applicants must meet the minimum qualifications stated 
by the f iling deadline or complete the supplemental questionnaire for 
equivalency. 


Completed District Application for Academic Employment 

• Resume 

• College transcripts, subject to verification, or Supplemental Course List 
with grades 

• Supplemental questionnaire for equivalency, if applicable 

Equivalency is defined as: 

1. Completion (or expected completion prior to effective date of employment) 
of a particular degree without possession of the degree; 

2. Completion of appropriate course work for a degree related to the identified 
degrees listed on the announcement; 

3. Demonstrated expertise and command of the subject, related general 
education or appropriate skills; 

4. Eminence or recognized achievement or excellence in the f ield or occupation. 


Individuals with disabilities requiring reasonable accommodation in the 
selection process must inform the Ventura County Community College 
District Human Resources Department in writing no later than the filing 
date stated on the announcement. Those applicants needing such accommodations 
should document this request including an explanation as to 
the type and extent of accommodation needed to participate in the selection 
process. 

Salary Range: 

Use Hourly Schedule 

Special Instructions to Applicants 

Note to Applicant: 

Applicants will remain in the pool for one year from date of application. 

To apply and see a full job description, please visit our website at: http:// 
jobs .vcccd .edu 

EOE 

Copyright ©2008 Jobelephant .com Inc. All rights reserved. 

Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency 

Whittier C 

English, 
PO Box 634, 13406 Philadelphia St Whittier CA 90608 

Assistant Professor of English 
3834 

http:// www .whittier .edu 

Whittier College is offering a full-time tenure-track position in dramatic 
literature, especially Shakespeare and early modern British drama. Given 
our liberal arts environment, we will be interested in a diverse array of 
secondary interests, though we would be particularly interested in courses 
in creative writing and post-colonial drama. Participation expected in 
f irst-year writing and college-wide interdisciplinary and team-taught 
programs. 

Whittier College is a liberal arts college in the Los Angeles area with a 
widely diverse student body and strong emphasis on interdisciplinary 
teaching. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
strongly committed 
to diversity, and we seek applications from members of under-represented 
groups. 

Our review of applications will begin November 1, and we will interview 
at the MLA Convention. Please send vita, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and dossier to Sean Morris, Chair, Department of English, 
Whittier 
College, 13406 Philadelphia St, PO Box 634, Whittier CA 90608. 

Colora do 

Colorado C 

English, 
14 E Cache La Poudre Street Colorado Springs CO 80903 

Assistant Professor in 18 C. British Literature and British Romanticism 3678 

http:// www .ColoradoCollege .edu 

The English 
Department at Colorado College seeks an Assistant Professor 
in 18th C. British Literature and British Romanticism. 18th C. can be 
the “long” version; trans-atlantic interests are welcome. Ability to teach 
Romantic Poetry, including the major figures, and core poetry classes. 
Ph.D. required. Commitment to undergraduate teaching and an active 
program of scholarship essential. Opportunity to teach courses in a broad 
undergraduate liberal arts curriculum. Colorado College is a highly selective 
liberal arts college which emphasizes innovative and interdisciplinary 
teaching in programs like Feminist and Gender Studies, and American 
Cultural Studies. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of 
teaching experience and philosophy, dissertation abstract and four letters 
of recommendation by Nov. 7, 2008 to Professor Regula Meyer Evitt, Department 
of English, 
Colorado College, 14 E. Cache la Poudre, Colorado 
Springs, CO 80903. Colorado College is committed to increasing the diversity 
of the College community and curriculum. Candidates who can 
contribute to that goal are particularly encouraged to apply and to identify 
themselves and their relevant experience. EQUAL OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 
Colorado College welcomes members of all groups and reaffirms 
its commitment not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, 
religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation or disability in its educational 
programs, activities and employment practices. For more information 
about Colorado College, see www .ColoradoCollege .edu. [R] 

Colorado SU 

English, 
359 Eddy Bldg Fort Collins CO 80523 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Anglophone Literature and Postcolonial 
Studies 4073 

http:// www .colostate .edu/ Depts/ En glish 


Colorado State University. Nine-month, tenure-track appointment with a 
2–2 courseload to begin August 15, 2009. Required Qualifications: Ph.D. 
or equivalent in hand at time of appointment; research specialization in 
Anglophone literatures of Africa, South Asia, or the Caribbean and Postcolonial 
Studies; evidence of scholarly potential; ability to teach a range 
of undergraduate and graduate level courses focused on cross-cultural, 
global, diasporic, and transnational approaches to literature; and teaching 
experience with evidence of excellence. Candidates who can enhance 
the Department’s commitment to diversity through teaching, research, 
and service are encouraged to apply. Send letter of interest, vita, writing 
sample (approx. 20 pages), dissertation/ book abstract, statement of teaching 
philosophy, syllabi from 2–4 recently-taught courses and three letters 
of reference to Professor Ellen Brinks, Chair, Anglophone/ Postcolonial 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
Colorado State University, 
Fort Collins, CO 80523-1773. Application materials, including letters of 
recommendation of semi-finalist candidates, will be made available for review 
by the entire faculty of the Department of English. 
Applications will 
be considered until the position is filled; however, for full consideration, 
applications must be postmarked by November 7, 2008. Routine inquiries 
to Sue .Russell@ colostate .edu. For a complete position description, visit 
the department web site at www .colostate .edu/ Depts/ English. 
CSU is an 
EO/AA employer. 
EO office is 101 Student Services Building. [R] 



Colorado SU 

English, 
359 Eddy Bldg Fort Collins CO 80523 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Ethnic Literatures of the United States 3967 

http:// www .colostate .edu/ Depts/ En glish 


Colorado State University. Nine-month, tenure-track appointment 
with a 2–2 courseload to begin August 15, 2009. Required Qualifications: 
Ph.D. or equivalent in hand at time of appointment; evidence of 
research specialization in the literatures of one or more ethnically-identified 
American communities, broadly defined, including but not limited 
to African American, Asian American, Native American, Latino/a 
American, or European American where ethnic identity is highlighted; 
evidence of scholarly potential; and teaching experience with evidence 
of excellence. Candidates who can enhance the Department’s commitment 
to diversity through teaching, research, and service are encouraged 
to apply. Send letter of interest, vita, writing sample (10–20 pages), dissertation/ 
book abstract, statement of teaching philosophy, syllabi from 2–4 
recently-taught courses and three letters of reference to Professor Barbara 
Sebek, Chair, U.S. Ethnic Literatures Search Committee, Department of 
English, 
Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80523-1773. Application 
materials, including letters of recommendation of semi-finalist 
candidates, will be made available for review by the entire faculty of the 
Department of English. 
Applications will be considered until the position 
is filled; however, for full consideration, applications must be postmarked 
by November 7, 2008. Routine inquiries to Sue .Russell@ colostate .edu. 
For a complete position description, visit the department web site at www 
.colostate .edu/ Depts/ English. 
CSU is an EO/AA employer. 
EO office is 
101 Student Services Building. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 
226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Advanced Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of English: 
Eighteenth- 
Century 
British Literature 4160 

http:// www .colorado .edu/ En glish/ 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English 
announces 
a tenure-track/ tenured position in eighteenth-century 
British literature 
at the advanced assistant, associate, or full professor level, to begin August 
2009. Substantial teaching experience and a strong record of publication 
are required. The normal teaching load is 2/2, and includes 
undergraduate English-
major courses and graduate courses. 

Interest in the position consisting of a letter of application, c.v., contact 
information for three references, and a sample of writing from a recent 
project (up to 40 pages) must be submitted electronically at https:// www 
.jobsatcu .com, posting # 804948. Applicants who maintain a dossier of 
letters with a reference service should arrange to have letters sent by mail 
to: Eighteenth-Century 
British Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Colorado 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Review of applications will begin on October 20, 2008, and will continue 
until the position is filled. We hope to bring finalists to campus for 
interviews beginning in November 2008. 

For questions about the position or about the electronic application process, 
please contact ENGL .chrasst@ colorado .edu. See www .Colorado 
.edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for a full job description. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 
226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Associate Professor of Humanities 4415 

http:// www .colorado .edu/ comparativeliterature/ 

The Department of Humanities invites applications for an Associate Professor 
with tenure or a tenurable Assistant Professor. While f ields and 
geographical areas of research, publication, and teaching are open for this 
position, applicants working across the following fields are especially encouraged 
to apply: new media, feminism, film, word/ image/ music studies, 
Mediterranean, Latin American, and early modern studies. Candidates 
must demonstrate strong interdisciplinary publications, research interests, 
and teaching. PhD in a relevant humanities field required. Also required: 
demonstrated excellence in teaching; administrative experience. Job duties 
include teaching, research and publication, and service to the University. 
Start date August 2009. See www .colorado .edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for full 
job description. For more information on the Department of Humanities 
please visit our website: www .colorado .edu/ comparativeliterature. 

Applications are accepted electronically at https:// www .jobsatcu .com, 
posting #804951. To assure full consideration, a complete application 
including letter, CV and three references must be submitted online by 
October 15, 2008. For questions please contact patricia .paige@ colorado 
.edu. The University of Colorado at Boulder is committed to diversity 
and equality in education and employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 
226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Ethnic American Literature 4178 

http:// www .colorado .edu/ En glish/ 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English 
announces 
a tenure-track position in Ethnic American literature, to begin 
August 2009. We anticipate hiring at the assistant professor level. However, 
applications at other levels from those who would strengthen the 
department’s diversity will be considered. We especially seek specialists 
in African American, Asian American, and/or Native American literatures; 
comparative and cultural-studies approaches are also welcome. PhD 
in hand by August 2009 is required for appointment as assistant professor. 
Substantial teaching experience and a strong record of publication in 
Ethnic American literature are required for a tenured appointment. The 
normal teaching load is 2/2, and includes undergraduate English-
major 
courses and graduate courses. 

Interest in the position consisting of a letter of application, c.v., and contact 
information for three references must be submitted electronically at 
https:// www .jobsatcu .com, posting # 804947. Applicants who maintain 
a dossier of letters with a reference service should arrange to have letters 
sent by mail to: Ethnic American Literature Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
University of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309- 
0226 

Please do not send a writing sample or other materials at this time; these 
may be requested at a later date. Review of applications will begin on 
October 24, 2008, and will continue until the position is filled. Initial 
interviews will take place at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 

For questions about the position or about the electronic application process, 
please contact ENGL .chrasst@ colorado .edu. See www .Colorado 
.edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for a full job description. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 
226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Creative Writing-Poetry 4177 

http:// www .colorado .edu/ En glish/ 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English 
announces 
a tenure-track assistant professor position in Creative Writing, to begin 
August 2009. We are seeking a poet, and are especially interested in candidates 
with a second genre specialty and/or experience in publishing. 
Requirements: MFA, PhD, or other appropriate terminal degree; teaching 
experience; at least one published book-length collection (other than 
chapbooks). The normal teaching load is 2/2, and includes undergraduate 
and graduate creative writing courses plus thesis direction. 

Interest in the position consisting of a letter of application, c.v., and contact 
information for three references must be submitted electronically at 



https:// www .jobsatcu .com, posting # 805291. Applicants who maintain 
a dossier of letters with a reference service should arrange to have letters 
sent by mail to: Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Please do not send a writing sample or other materials at this time; these 
may be requested at a later date. Review of applications will begin on 
October 24, 2008, and will continue until the position is filled. Initial 
interviews will take place at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 

For questions about the position or about the electronic application process, 
please contact ENGL .chrasst@ colorado .edu. See www .Colorado 
.edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for a full job description. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 
226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Associate Professor of English: 
British Romanticism 4176 

http:///www .colorado .edu/ En glish/ 


The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English 
announces 
a tenured position in British Romanticism at the associate professor level, 
to begin August 2009. Exceptional candidates may be considered at the 
level of full professor. Substantial teaching experience and a strong record 
of publication are required. The normal teaching load is 2/2, and includes 
undergraduate English-
major courses and graduate courses. 

Interest in the position consisting of a letter of application, c.v., contact 
information for three references, and a sample of writing from a recent 
project (up to 40 pages) must be submitted electronically at https:// www 
.jobsatcu .com, posting # 804946. Applicants who maintain a dossier of 
letters with a reference service should arrange to have letters sent by mail 
to: Romanticism Search Committee, Department of English, 
University 
of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Review of applications will begin on October 20, 2008, and will continue 
until the position is filled. We hope to bring finalists to campus for 
interviews beginning in November 2008. 

For questions about the position or about the electronic application process, 
please contact ENGL .chrasst@ colorado .edu. See www .Colorado 
.edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for a full job description. The University of Colorado 
at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

Connec tic ut 

Connecticut C 

English, 
270 Mohegan Av, Box 5593 New London CT 06320 

Long Eighteenth Century, Race and Ethnicity 4199 

http:// www .conncoll .edu/ departments/ en glish/ 


The English 
Department at Connecticut College invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor position that will contribute to a new 
Concentration in Race and Ethnicity, beginning July 1, 2009. The successful 
candidate will work in the field of the long eighteenth century, 
and must show promise or significant achievement in research and publications 
and a demonstrated commitment to excellent teaching. 

The successful candidate’s teaching will include courses in English 
literature 
of the long eighteenth century and in the field of race and ethnicity. 
Candidates prepared to support interdisciplinary collaboration between 
the English 
department and the College’s Center for the Comparative 
Study of Race and Ethnicity, and with other college departments and 
programs, are especially desirable. The position has a 3/2 teaching load. 
All department members teach courses at all levels. Departmental courses 
are typically small seminars. 

Applicants are requested to send a letter detailing their research and teaching 
interests, a curriculum vitae, and a short writing sample (25 pp. maximum). 
Three confidential letters of recommendation should be sent under 
separate cover to: Charles Hartman, Chair, Department of English, 
Box 
5505, Connecticut College, 270 Mohegan Ave, New London, CT 06320 

Completed dossiers received in the department by November 1, 2008, 
will receive full consideration. 

Connecticut College educates students to put the liberal arts into action 
as citizens in a global society. A private, highly selective institution in 
New London, Connecticut, mid-way between New York and Boston, 
the College is notable for its strong academic programs, friendly campus, 
and emphasis on broad interdisciplinary teaching and research. We foster 
the values of equity, inclusion, and respect for all human differences, 
for these are essential to the fulfillment of our mission. The College is 
actively building a faculty of diverse backgrounds and experiences. AA/ 
EEO. Please visit our website, <http:// www .conncoll .edu/ >, for more 
information about teaching at Connecticut College. [R] 

Eastern Connecticut SU 

English, 
83 Windham St Willimantic CT 06226 

Assistant Professor of Seventeenth Century Non-Dramatic Literature 3703 

http:// www .easternct .edu 

Department: English 


Qualifications: Ph. D. English, 
ABD completion June 2009 considered 

Position Description: Tenure-track full-time Assistant Professor of Early 
Modern Literature with a focus on poetry and non-dramatic literature and 
expertise in gender, post-colonial and /or cultural studies. The successful 
candidate will be an active scholar with a strong interest in teaching 
both discipline-specific and general education courses. Successful teaching 
experience at the college level is required. Candidates should have a 
commitment to teaching first-year writing, introductory literature and 
courses in the Liberal Arts Core. Eastern is a public liberal arts university 
devoted to learners of different ages from diverse cultural, racial and social 
backgrounds. Workload is 12 credits per semester. Student advising and 
service to the department and university committees are expected. 

Please send CV, teaching philosophy, three letters of reference, and graduate 
transcripts to Dr. Kenneth McNeil, Search Chair, Department of English, 
Eastern Connecticut State University, Webb Hall 225, 83 Windham 
Street, Willimantic, CT 06226. [R] 

Fairfield U 

English, 
1073 N Benson Rd Fairfield CT 06824 

Assistant Professor, Early Modern Literature (non-Shakespeare) 4141 

http:// www .fairfield .edu/ eng_ earlymodlit .html 

Tenure-track assistant professor, specialist in the British Early Modern 
period. Field of expertise open within the period 1500–1700 (excluding 
Shakespeare). Candidates whose work makes connections to European or 
other literatures are welcome. Position begins Fall 2009; Ph.D. needed in 
hand August 2009. We seek candidates with demonstrated commitment 
to undergraduate teaching and a promising research agenda. Theoretical 
approach open; we welcome expertise in critical theory, and we are interested 
in candidates who could contribute to the development of an expected 
new concentration in literature and cultural studies. 

We welcome candidates with interest in any of Fairf ield University’s 
nineteen interdisciplinary programs, including Asian Studies, Black Studies: 
Africa and the Diaspora, Latin American and Caribbean Studies, and 
Women’s Studies. The successful candidate will teach three courses per 
semester, including a course in the first-year core sequence in composition 
and introduction to literature, a sophomore-level literature course in Early 
Modern literature, and an upper-level seminar in area of specialization. 

Send letter of application and CV, postmarked by October 15, 2008, to 
Dr. James Simon, Chair, English 
Department-DM 130, Fairfield University, 
1073 N. Benson Road, Fairfield CT 06824. We will conduct interviews 
at MLA in San Francisco. Fairfield University, a Jesuit institution, 
is consistently ranked among the top comprehensive universities in the 



North by the U.S. News & World Report. Its faculty, administration, 
and student body value intellectual and religious pluralism. The University 
is located in southwestern Connecticut near the Long Island Sound, 
about 50 miles from New York City and 25 miles from New Haven. Fairfield 
University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Trinity C 

English, 
300 Summit St Hartford CT 06106 

Assistant Professorship in Poetry Writing and Literary Studies 3613 

http:// www .trincoll .edu 

The English 
Department at Trinity College seeks to hire an activelypublishing 
poet to fill a tenure-track Assistant Professorship in Poetry 
Writing and Literary Studies. Applicants for this position should have 
demonstrated ability to teach introductory multiple-genre creative writing 
courses, advanced workshops in poetry writing, and courses in literary 
analysis. Ph.D. or M.F.A., publications, and teaching experience 
required. We particularly welcome applications from affirmative action 
and minority candidates. Please send a letter of application, c.v., three letters 
of recommendation, and a writing sample no later than 1 November 
to Paul Lauter, chair, Box ML, Department of English, 
Trinity College, 
300 Summit Street, Hartford, CT 06106. Trinity College is an affirmative 
action/ equal opportunity employer 
[R] 

Trinity C 

English, 
300 Summit St Hartford CT 06106 

Assistant Professor in Film Studies 3608 

http:// www .trincoll .edu 

The English 
Department at Trinity College seeks to hire a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor in Film Studies. Applicants for this position should 
have demonstrated ability to teach introductory and advanced courses in 
Film Studies and another literary specialty. Ph.D., or its equivalent, publications, 
and teaching experience required. We particularly welcome applications 
from affirmative action and minority candidates. Please send a 
letter of application, c.v., three letters of recommendation, a syllabus for 
an undergraduate film studies course you might wish to teach, and a writing 
sample, no later than 1 November to Paul Lauter, chair, Box ML, 
Department of English, 
Trinity College, 300 Summit Street, Hartford, 
CT 06106. Trinity College is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

Trinity C 

English, 
300 Summit St Hartford CT 06106 

Assistant Professor of English 
3615 

http:// www .trincoll .edu 

The English 
Department at Trinity College seeks to hire at the assistant 
professor level a three-year replacement. The successful candidate for this 
position should have experience teaching courses in British romanticism, 
literary theory or Colonial-period American literatures. Applicants for 
this position should also have demonstrated experience in teaching introductory 
literature courses. Ph.D. and record of publication required. 
We particularly welcome applications from affirmative action and minority 
candidates. Please send a letter of application, c.v., three letters of recommendation, 
a syllabus for an undergraduate course you might wish to 
teach, and a writing sample, no later than 1 November to Paul Lauter, 
chair, Box ML, Department of English, 
Trinity College, 300 Summit 
Street, Hartford, CT 06106. Trinity College is an affirmative action/ equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Wesleyan U 

African American Studies, 343 High St Middletown CT 06459 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature and Culture 4310 

http:// www .wesleyan .edu/ acaf/ Faculty_ Openings .htm 

The African American Studies Program and the English 
Department at 
Wesleyan University seek a specialist in African American literature and 
culture for a tenure-track appointment at the assistant professor level, beginning 
July 1, 2009. Scholars whose scope of inquiry encompasses all 
aspects and the full range of African American literature and culture are 
encouraged to apply. Expertise in one or more of the following areas is 
preferred: poetry and poetics, media studies, performance studies, popular 
culture, gender and sexuality. Faculty at Wesleyan have a strong commitment 
to both undergraduate teaching and scholarship. Candidates for 
this position should be actively engaged in scholarly research and writing 
and prepared to teach four courses per year (two per semester) to undergraduates. 
PhD in hand or near completion. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, writing sample (25 pp maximum), evidence of teaching 
excellence, and at least three letters of recommendation to Ashraf 
Rushdy, Chair, African American Literature Search Committee, African 
American Studies Program, Wesleyan University, Middletown, CT 
06459. Applications postmarked by November 15, 2008, will receive full 
consideration. No faxes or electronic submissions please. Wesleyan is an 
equal opportunity and affirmative action employer 
and welcomes applications 
from women and members of historically under-represented minority 
groups. [R] 

Wesleyan U 

American Studies, 343 High St Middletown CT 06459 

Joint Tenure Track Assistant Professorship in Transnational Asian American 
Studies 3653 

http:// www .wesleyan .edu/ americas/ amst/ 

The American Studies Program and the Department of English 
at Wesleyan 
University invite applications for a joint, tenure-track assistant professorship 
in Transnational Asian American Studies, beginning July 1, 
2009. Interdisciplinary scholars working on aspects of the long history 
of cultural contact and migration between Asia and the Americas are 
encouraged to apply. We are particularly interested in scholars who are 
engaged in historically-grounded research in literary studies, cultural 
studies, media studies, critical race studies, and/or comparative ethnic 
studies. The successful candidate will teach four courses a year, two originating 
in American Studies and two in English. 
PhD should be in hand 
or near completion by July 2009. Submit letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference, and a 25–40 pp. writing sample to: Search 
Committee Chairs, American Studies Program, Center for the Americas, 
Wesleyan University, Middletown, CT 06459. Applications received by 
October 1 will be given full consideration; preliminary interviews will be 
at the ASA annual meeting in Albuquerque, NM, October 16–19. Wesleyan 
University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 


Yale U 

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 3666 

http:// www .yale .edu/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature at Yale University intends to 
make a tenure track assistant professor appointment in the Department and 
the Literature Major beginning July 1, 2009. Candidates should demonstrate 
linguistic range and be ready to work across two or more literatures 
and/or disciplinary fields. Field open: some preferred areas are the European 
literary tradition from the Middle Ages to the 19th century; non- 
European literary traditions; literary theory; French literature; poetry; 
drama. Yale University is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity 
employer. 
Yale values diversity among its students, faculty, and staff and 
strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented 




minorities. 
Review of applications will begin November 7, and the letter 
of application, CV, references, and a short writing sample should be sent 
to David Quint, Chair, Department of Comparative Literature, Yale University, 
P.O. Box 208299, New Haven, CT 06520-8299 

Yale U 

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 New Haven CT 06520 

Professor of Comparative Literature 3665 

http:// www .yale .edu/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature at Yale University intends 
to make a senior tenured appointment in Comparative Literature beginning 
July 1, 2009. Candidates should demonstrate a distinguished record 
of scholarship and teaching, wide linguistic range, and an ability to work 
across multiple literatures and disciplines. Field open: some preferred areas 
include Greek and Latin literature, the study of poetry, non-European literary 
traditions, 19th-century 
European and American literatures, literary 
and critical theory. Yale University is an Affirmative Action and Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity among its students, faculty, 
and staff and strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented 
minorities. The review of applications and nominations will 
begin November 7. Please write to David Quint, Chair, Department of 
Comparative Literature, Yale University P.O. Box 208299, New Haven, 
CT 06520-8299 

Yale U 

English, 
PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor of English 
3862 

http:// www .yale .edu/ en glish/ 


The Yale English 
Department is now appointing all assistant professors 
under Yale’s new tenure-track appointments system. This year the department 
is seeking 3 or more assistant professors from the following fields: 
Medieval English 
Literature (Old English, 
Middle English, 
or both); Literature 
of the Long Eighteenth Century (British, American, or both); 
Twentieth-Century 
Literature (British, American, or both); and Postcolonial 
or World Anglophone Literature. The department is also seeking to 
hire jointly with the Department of American Studies an assistant professor 
in Ethnic American or African-American Literature. Yale University 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity 
among its students, faculty, and staff and strongly encourages applications 
from women and underrepresented minorities. Please send a letter 
of application clearly indicating your field of specialization, your c.v., a 
two-page dissertation abstract, dossier, and a 25-page writing sample to 
Langdon Hammer, Chair, Department of English, 
Yale University, P.O. 
Box 208302, New Haven, CT 06520-8302. Applications should arrive by 
November 1, 2008. 

Dela wa re 

U of Delaware 

English, 
212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor of English 
3691 

http:// tinyurl .com/5n3g2y 

19th C British Literature 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor. Ph.D. required, publications desirable. 
We are looking for someone who will extend UD’s interdisciplinary 
strengths (e.g., archival work, material culture, Transatlantic studies, special 
collections). 

The position provides teaching opportunities in both undergraduate and 
graduate programs. The candidate should expect to contribute to general 
education in literature and writing. Competitive salary and excellent 
benefits. Send letter of interest and c.v. to Prof. Thomas Leitch, Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English, 
University of Delaware, Newark, 
DE 19716-2537, by November 10. Materials submitted will be shared 
with department faculty and our Dean’s office. The University of Delaware, 
an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
encourages applications from Minority 
Group Members and Women [R] 

U of Delaware 

English, 
212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor or Instructor, Continuing Non-Tenure Track 3692 

http:// tinyurl .com/5n3g2y 

English 
Education (Grades 7–12); teaching, placing, and mentoring student-
teachers. Doctorate required for assistant professor rank. 

Required: excellent teaching, familiarity with teacher preparation, and 
minimum of three years’ teaching secondary school. 

Preferred: administrative experience; college teaching, especially adolescent 
literature and media literacy. 

This is a permanent position with multi-year contracts; parity of salary 
and benefits with tenure-track faculty. 

Policies: http:// www .udel .edu/ provost/ fachb/ IV-A-5-nontenuretrack 
.html. 

Fuller description: http:// tinyurl .com/5n3g2y 

Send application letter and c.v. to Professor Deborah Alvarez, Department 
of English, 
University of Delaware, Newark, DE 19716 by Wednesday, 
October 31, 2008. All materials submitted will be shared with department 
faculty and our Dean’s office. The University of Delaware, an Equal 
Opportunity Employer, 
encourages applications from Minority Group 
Members and Women. [R] 

U of Delaware 

English, 
212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Composition Specialist, Continuing Non- 
Tenure Track 3696 

http:// tinyurl .com/5n3g2y 

Start September 2009. 

Qualifications: PhD in Composition Studies or equivalent evidence of intellectual 
engagement in the discipline; evidence of excellent teaching. 

This position is a permanent position based upon renewable, multi-year 
contracts, offering parity of salary and benefits with tenure-track faculty. 

It includes promotion eligibility, merit raises, and sabbatical eligibility. For 
further information, see policies at http:// www .udel .edu/ provost/ fachb/ 
IV-A-5-nontenuretrack .html. 

Contact: For consideration, submit an application letter, c.v, and one-page 
statement of teaching philosophy to Prof. Melissa Ianetta, Search Committee 
Chair, Department of English, 
University of Delaware, Newark, 
DE 19716-2537 by October 31, 2008. All materials submitted will be 
shared with departmental faculty. 

The University of Delaware is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
that encourages 
applications from Minority Group Members and Women. [R] 

Distric t of Columbia 

American U 

Literature, 4400 Massachusetts Ave NW Battelle-Tompkins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor 3925 

http:// www .american .edu 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for two tenure-track positions in 



Creative Writing/ Fiction and Creative Non-fiction beginning fall 2009. 
Ability to teach Literary Journalism a plus. Assistant Professor. 

Requirements: MFA by August 2009. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; 
commitment to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and 
undergraduate courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 
with attention to gender and ethnic concerns; supervision of MFA 
theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of 
recommendation to Jonathan Loesberg, Chair, Department of Literature, 
American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 17. American 
University is seeking highly dedicated teachers and scholars who are 
deeply committed to interdisciplinary learning, the application of new 
technologies in teaching and scholarship, and to the preparation of students 
for life in a diverse and rapidly changing global society. American 
University is an EOE/AA university committed to diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged 
to apply. 

American U 

Literature, 4400 Massachusetts Ave NW Battelle-Tompkins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor 3926 

http:// www .american .edu 

British Literature during the Long Eighteenth Century. 18th Century 
Fiction and other topics on 18th Century Literature. Ability to teach Milton 
a plus. 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
in British Literature during the Long Eighteenth Century beginning 
fall 2009. 

Requirements: Ph.D. by August 2009. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; 
commitment to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and 
undergraduate courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 
with attention to gender and ethnic concerns; supervision of MA 
theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of 
recommendation to Jonathan Loesberg, Chair, Department of Literature, 
American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 17. American 
University is seeking highly dedicated teachers and scholars who are 
deeply committed to interdisciplinary learning, the application of new 
technologies in teaching and scholarship, and to the preparation of students 
for life in a diverse and rapidly changing global society. American 
University is an EOE/AA university committed to diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged 
to apply. 

Georgetown U 

English, 
306 New North 37th & O Sts NW Washington DC 20057 

Assistant OR Associate Professor of Writing, Rhetoric, and Composition 4104 

http:// en glish 
.georgetown .edu/ 

The English 
Department of Georgetown University is seeking to f ill 
ONE of the following two positions, depending on the candidate’s record 
and experience. 

(1) Assistant Professor/ Advanced Assistant Professor in Writing, Rhetoric, 
and Composition: Candidates will have core research interests and training 
in writing pedagogy, and critical and cultural literacies. We seek candidates 
with demonstrated commitment to teaching and learning, and to 
developing undergraduate and graduate courses in writing studies. The 
successful candidate will have the opportunity to help shape the future 
direction of the Georgetown University Writing Program, intellectually 
and programmatically; eventually, and according to experience, the person 
holding the position will assume a leadership role in the Writing Program. 
Candidates should hold a Ph.D. or have in hand by the start date of 
9/1/09. 

(2) Associate Professor in Writing, Rhetoric, and Composition: The successful 
candidate will have a substantial record of excellence in scholarship 
and teaching, and will hold the rank of Associate Professor, with tenure, 
in the English 
Department. The candidate will immediately have a leadership 
role in the Georgetown University Writing Program, with the expectation 
of becoming Director. Therefore, the candidate should have a 
vision for the future of writing as a strong component of a university education, 
and leadership experience in realizing that vision in disciplinary 
and cross-disciplinary contexts. The person in this position will be expected 
to provide intellectual outreach to faculty and students, for example, 
in the form of organizing symposia, public seminars, and workshops. 
Teaching will include the graduate-level course “Approaches to Teaching 
Writing” (as well as thesis mentoring) and a range of courses at the undergraduate 
level in fields of specialty and interest, especially writing, theory, 
or pedagogy. 

Georgetown University is a Catholic and Jesuit student-centered research 
university; the English 
Department faculty has a long-standing commitment 
to teaching writing-intensive courses. Georgetown University is an 
AA/EO employer 
and strongly encourages applications from women and 
minority candidates as part of its commitment to professional excellence 
and diversity. All materials must be submitted electronically. Please email 
your application letter and c.v. to engjobs@ georgetown .edu. In the “Subject 
Line” please note Writing, Rhetoric, and Composition. Applications 
should be submitted by October 15. [R] 

Florida 

Florida Atlantic U 

English, 
SO 301 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Modern and Contemporary British Literature 3583 

http:// www .fau .edu 

The Department of English 
at Florida Atlantic University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Modern and Contemporary 
British Literature, beginning August 2009. Interest in research 
and teaching in another area is desirable. This position will be located on 
FAU’s Jupiter campus, with a graduate teaching assignment on the Boca 
Raton campus. Situated in subtropical South Florida, FAU serves a culturally 
and ethnically diverse six-county region (Broward, Indian River, 
Martin, Okeechobee, Palm Beach, and St. Lucie) with a population of 
more than five million people. The teaching assignment is five courses per 
year. The Department of English 
at FAU includes 29 diverse tenure-line 
faculty, who are collegial, productive, and innovative. This department is 
seeking a successful candidate who will contribute to its growing MFA, 
MA, MAT, and BA programs and who may participate in a variety of 
interdisciplinary PhD programs. Requirements include a PhD at time of 
appointment, publication record in field, and relevant teaching experience 
at the college level. Send letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Wenying Xu, Chair, Department of English, 
Florida Atlantic 
University, 777 Glades Road, Boca Raton, FL, 33431-0991. Applications 
must be postmarked by November 7, 2008. FAU is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Equal Access Institution that actively encourages applications from 
women and minorities in keeping with its policy of promoting diversity 
throughout the institution. [R] 

Florida Atlantic U 

English, 
SO 301 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Creative Nonfiction 3584 

http:// www .fau .edu 

The Department of English 
at Florida Atlantic University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Creative Nonfiction, 
beginning August 2009. Expertise in secondary genre is desirable. 
This position will be located on two of FAU’s campuses: Boca Raton and 



Davie. Situated in subtropical South Florida, FAU serves a culturally and 
ethnically diverse six-county region (Broward, Indian River, Martin, 
Okeechobee, Palm Beach, and St. Lucie) with a population of more than 
five million people. The teaching assignment is five courses per year. This 
position provides the opportunity to teach workshops at graduate and undergraduate 
levels and to advise the students’ literary magazine, Coastlines. 
The Department of English 
at FAU includes 29 diverse tenure-line 
faculty, who are collegial, productive, and innovative. This department is 
seeking a successful candidate who will contribute to its growing MFA, 
MA, BA programs, and the college’s interdisciplinary PhD program. 
Requirements include a MFA or PhD at time of appointment, publication 
record in field, and relevant teaching experience at the college level. 
Send letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation to Professor Wenying 
Xu, Chair, Department of English, 
Florida Atlantic University, 
777 Glades Road, Boca Raton, FL, 33431-0991. Applications must be 
postmarked by November 7, 2008. FAU is an Equal Opportunity/ Equal 
Access Institution that actively encourages applications from women and 
minorities in keeping with its policy of promoting diversity throughout 
the institution. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, 
Tallahassee FL 32306 

Open Rank 3857 

http:// hott .fsu .edu 

As part of Florida State University’s cluster hiring initiative, The History 
of Text Technologies Program invites applications and nominations 
for 3 open rank positions. We seek innovative interdisciplinary scholars 
working on the production, transmission and/or reception of texts (including 
musical, visual and digital). Historical and theoretical approaches 
are welcome. The particular area of specialization is open within Western 
European and Transnational Studies, 1100–1800. Candidates must 
have a PhD in hand at the time of appointment, August 2009. Please send 
an application letter, c.v., writing sample, and the names and email addresses 
of referees to Professor Gary Taylor, gtaylor@ fsu .edu (for British) 
or Professor Francois Dupuigrenet Desrousilles, fdupuigrenet@ fsu .edu 
(for continental). Consideration of applications will begin October 10th. 
Florida State University is an Equal Opportunity/ Access/ Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

Florida SU 

English, 
Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor Post-1900 British Literature 4007 

http:// en glish 
.fsu .edu/ 

Post-1900 British Literature and Culture. Assistant Professor, Tenure 
Track, Fall 2009. 

Areas could include Transatlantic Modernism, Transnational Anglophone, 
Postcolonial, Scottish, and Irish. Tenure track, Ph. D. in hand by beginning 
of appointment. Record of publication and prospects of future publication 
crucial. 2/2 teaching assignment with one graduate course per year. 
Competitive salary and attractive research support. Letter and vita only to 
S. E. Gontarski, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
P.O. 
Box 3061580, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 by 
November 1. AA/EOE employer. 
Minorities, persons with disabilities, 
and women encouraged to apply. 

Florida SU 

English, 
Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor 4020 

http:// www .en glish 
.fsu .edu/ 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 

Fiction Writer. Assistant Professor, Tenure Track, Fall 2009. 

MFA or Ph. D. required in English 
or Creative Writing. Record of 
publication crucial, with at least one book of fiction published or under 
contract. 2/2 teaching assignment with one graduate course per year. 
Competitive salary and attractive research support. Letter and vita only 
to Elizabeth Stuckey-French, Search Committee Chair, Department of 
English, 
P.O. Box 3061580, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 
32306-1580 by November 1. AA/EOE employer. Minorities, persons 
with disabilities, and women encouraged to apply. 

U of Florida 

English, 
PO Box 117310 Gainesville FL 32611 

Assistant/ Associate Professor in Composition & Rhetoric 3766 

http:// www .en glish 
.ufl .edu 

The University of Florida Department of English 
seeks an Assistant or 

Associate Professor, tenure-track, in Composition & Rhetoric. The candidate 
will contribute to a graduate program (M.A. and Ph.D.) and a large 
undergraduate major and may participate in administration of a writing 
program. The ideal candidate will have a Ph.D. in hand, an active research 
agenda, and preferably also have some experience in writing program administration. 
The successful candidate will join a faculty with strengths in 
cultural studies and theory, literature, and film and media studies. 

Teaching load is 2/2, and salary is competitive. Send cover letter and 
vitae, postmarked by October 15, 2008, to Pamela K. Gilbert, Professor 
and Chair; Department of English; 
Box 117310; University of Florida; 
Gainesville, FL 32611-7310. The University of Florida is an equal opportunity 
institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive 
faculty and staff. [R] 

U of Miami 

English, 
PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Professor 4067 

http:// www.as.miami .edu/ En glish 


The University of Miami continues to seek a senior scholar with a strong 
publication record in Irish literature to play a leading role in the department’s 
intellectual life by continuing an active research and publication 
agenda, teaching courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels, directing 
dissertations, and serving on departmental, college, and/or university 
committees. We seek candidates with diverse scholarly interests whose 
teaching and research intersect with the work of other faculty in English 
and elsewhere in the College of Arts and Sciences. 

Please send nominations and applications to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, 
Department of English, 
University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral 
Gables, FL 33124-4632. Each application should include a c.v. and a list 
of three or more scholars whom we may contact for recommendations. 
Campus visits by selected candidates will begin in the fall and continue 
until the position is filled. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Miami 

English, 
PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor 4061 

http:// www.as.miami .edu/ En glish 


Tenure-track assistant professorship in late medieval/ early Renaissance 
literature (14th-16th centuries). Minimum requirements: Ph.D. in literature 
with dissertation on topic related to position; college-level teaching 
experience. The successful candidate will be expected to contribute to the 
department’s increasing visibility and strength in early modern studies by 
maintaining an active research and publication agenda, teaching courses 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels, being involved with disserta



tion advising, and serving on departmental, college, and/or university 
committees. 


Please send letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three confidential 
letters of recommendation to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, 
FL 33124-4632. Do not send writing samples unless we request them. 
Deadline for receipt of other materials is Monday, November 3, 2008. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 
4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 4393 

http:// www .cas .usf .edu/ en glish 


Latino/a Literature of the United States, preferably with a more general 
interest in 20th century American Literature. Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; 
ABD applicants will be considered but must have the degree conferred 
by the time classes begin in August 2009. Candidates must have a 
strong teaching record and outstanding scholarly potential. The teaching 
assignment will include a range of undergraduate and graduate courses. 
2/2 teaching load. Salary and benefits competitive. 9 month appointment 
per year; summer appointment possible. Letter, vita, writing sample not to 
exceed 30 pages, list of graduate courses, and dossier of recommendations 
to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English 
Department, CPR 107, University of 
South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 17. Applications received 
after that date will be advanced only in cases of compelling merit. 
According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are 
open to the public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano 
(-813-974-8211 or Serrano@ cas .usf .edu) at least five working days 
prior to need. USF is an AA/EEO institution. [R] 

Georg ia 

Emory U 

English, 
N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322 

Director of Composition 4396 

http:// www .en glish 
.emory .edu/ 

The Department of English 
seeks an accomplished teacher/ scholar (Associate 
or Full Professor) for appointment as Director of Composition. Responsibilities 
include teaching graduate courses in composition pedagogy, 
supervising the teaching of English 
courses that fulfill College writing 
requirements, and working with the College Writing Center to develop 
a comprehensive writing program. Candidates must have a Ph.D. and a 
distinguished research profile as well as demonstrated administrative excellence 
in the teaching of writing. 

Deliberations begin November 1, 2008. Send letter of application, current 
vita, and names and addresses of three referees to Professor Bill Gruber, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Emory University Atlanta, GA 30322 

Emor y Univer sit y i s an a f f i rmat ive act ion, equa l oppor tunit y 
employer. 
[R] 

Georgia SU 

English, 
PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Associate or Full Professor of Southern American Literature 3979 

http:// www .en glish 
.gsu .edu/ index .php 

Anticipated Kenneth M. England 
Professorship in Southern American 
Literature. Associate or full professor. Pending final budgetary approval. 
Requires significant scholarship in Southern Studies, primarily in 
twentieth-century 
figures and movements, excellent teaching and direction 
of students, and commitment to service. Teaching load 2/2 (graduate 
and undergraduate) and strong research support. The Department encourages 
minority candidates to apply. Salary competitive. Interview at MLA. 
Send letter and CV only (no electronic submissions) by November 10 to 
Calvin Thomas, Chair, New Appointments Committee, PO Box 3970, 
Department of English, 
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA 30302- 
3970. GSU is a unit of the University System of Georgia and an AA/EO 
employer. 
An offer of employment will be conditional upon background 
verification [R] 

Georgia SU 

English, 
PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 3980 

http:// www .en glish 
.gsu .edu/ index .php 

Anticipated entry-level assistant professor in nineteenth-century 
American 
literature with specialization in antebellum period (1820–1865). 
Pending final budgetary approval. Requires Ph.D. in hand, evidence of 
strong scholarly potential, excellent teaching, and commitment to service. 
Teaching load 2/2 (graduate and undergraduate) and strong research support. 
The Department encourages minority candidates to apply. Salary 
competitive. Interview at MLA. Send letter and CV only (no electronic 
submissions) by November 10 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, 
Georgia State 
University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. GSU is a unit of the University System 
of Georgia and an AA/EO employer. 
An offer of employment will be 
conditional upon background verification. [R] 

Kennesaw SU 

English, 
1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of English 
4368 

http:// www .kennesaw .edu 

Kennesaw State University is accepting applications for a nine-month, 
tenure track Assistant Professor position in English, 
beginning August 
2009. An earned doctorate in English 
with a specialization in 20th 
Century British literature is required. The position also requires scholarship 
and graduate coursework in film studies. All incoming faculty in the 
English 
Department are expected to teach general education courses as 
well as upper-level courses. 

To assure full consideration, applications must be postmarked by November 
1, 2008. Candidates should send a letter of application addressing 
strengths relative to the qualifications and responsibilities for the position, 
including a record of effective teaching; evidence of scholarly activity; 
current vita; contact information for three references; and official graduate 
transcripts to Dr. David King, Department of English, 
Kennesaw State 
University, 1000 Chastain Road #2701, Kennesaw, GA 30144-5591. Email: 
dking2@ kennesaw .edu. 

For a detailed description of the University and Department, please visit 
our web site at http:// www .kennesaw .edu [R] 

Kennesaw SU 

English, 
1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of English 
4369 

http:// www .kennesaw .edu 

Kennesaw State University is accepting applications for a nine-month, tenure 
track Assistant Professor position in English, 
beginning August 2009. 
An earned doctorate in English 
with a specialization in applied linguistics 
is required. The position also requires some graduate level coursework 
in medieval literature. All incoming faculty in the English 
Department 
are expected to teach general education courses. This position will also 
require the teaching of applied linguistics, history of the language, and 
medieval literature. 

To assure full consideration, applications must be postmarked by November 
1, 2008. Candidates should send a letter of application addressing 



qualifications and responsibilities for the position, evidence of scholarly 
activity; current vita; contact information for three references; and official 
graduate transcripts to Dr. David Johnson, Department of English, 
Kennesaw State University, 1000 Chastain Road #2701, Kennesaw, GA 
30144-5591. E-mail: djohnson@ kennesaw .edu. 

For a detailed description of the University and Department, please visit 
our web site at http:// www .kennesaw .edu [R] 

Kennesaw SU 

English, 
1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of English 
Education 4370 

http:// www .kennesaw .edu 

Kennesaw State University is accepting applications for a nine-month, 
tenure track Assistant Professor position in English 
Education, beginning 
August 2009. An earned doctorate in English 
with a specialization 
in English 
Education is required. The ideal candidate will have successful 
teaching experience. This is a generalist position with preference given to 
candidates broadly prepared to teach both English 
and English 
Education 
courses. All incoming faculty in the English 
Department are expected to 
teach general education courses. This position will also require the teaching 
of applied linguistics, history of the language, and medieval literature. 

To assure full consideration, applications must be postmarked by November 
1, 2008. Candidates should send a letter of application; current vita; 
contact information for three references; and official graduate transcripts 
to Dr. Carol Harrell, Department of English, 
Kennesaw State University, 
1000 Chastain Road #2701, Kennesaw, GA 30144-5591. E-mail: charrell@ 
kennesaw .edu. 

For a detailed description of the University and Department, please visit 
our web site at http:// www .kennesaw .edu [R] 

Ida ho 

Boise SU 

English, 
1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor in Applied Linguistics 4142 

http:// en glish 
.boisestate .edu/ hiring/ 

Pending Administrative Approval: Tenure-track Assistant Professor in 
Applied Linguistics, starting in Fall 2009. Ph.D. required. Candidate must 
be able to teach an introductory undergraduate linguistics course as well 
as additional undergraduate applied linguistics courses. Candidate will 
also share in developing a graduate program in TESOL. In addition to 
second language acquisition theory and/or pedagogy, candidate’s areas of 
specialization must be relevant to MA programs that prepare graduates 
to teach language arts and composition in secondary or tertiary educational 
settings. Desired strengths include but are not limited to: K-12 ESL 
methods and curriculum development, language assessment, computerassisted 
language learning, contrastive rhetoric, language policy and politics, 
corpus linguistics, and language variation. The normal teaching load 
is five 3-credit courses per academic year. Scholarly publication, teaching 
excellence, and service are required for professional advancement. http:// 
english 
.boisestate .edu 

Application Procedures: Send a letter of application addressing teaching 
philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and 
a minimum of three letters of recommendation to: Professor Michelle 
Payne, Chair, Department of English, 
Applied Linguistics Search, Boise 
State University, 1910 University Dr., Boise, ID 83725-1525, Email: english@ 
boisestate .edu 

Review of applications will begin 3 November 2008 and will continue 
until finalists are identified. Applications received after that point may be 
considered if the position is not filled from the finalist pool. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA Institution, Veterans preference. [R] 

Boise SU 

English, 
1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor in General Linguistics 4145 

http:// en glish 
.boisestate .edu/ hiring/ 

Pending Administrative Approval: Tenure-track Assistant professor in 
general linguistics, starting in Fall 2009. Ph.D. required. Candidate must 
be able to teach a range of undergraduate courses in linguistics, especially 
an introductory course. Other courses regularly taught are: modern English 
grammar; history of English; 
applied linguistics; language, culture, 
and society; and psycholinguistics. The candidate must also be willing to 
participate in the ongoing development of the linguistics program. Other 
courses to be developed might include phonetics and phonology; morphology; 
syntax; pragmatics; stylistics; semantics; corpus linguistics; and/ 
or other courses within the candidate’s subspecialties. The normal teaching 
load is five 3-credit courses per academic year. Scholarly publication, 
teaching excellence, and service are required for academic advancement. 
http:// en glish 
.boisestate .edu 

Application Procedures: Send a letter of application addressing teaching 
philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and 
a minimum of three letters of recommendation to: Professor Michelle 
Payne, Chair, Department of English, 
General Linguistics Search, Boise 
State University, 1910 University Dr., Boise, ID 83725-1525, Email: en 
glish@ 
boisestate .edu 

Review of applications will begin 3 November 2008 and will continue 
until finalists are identified. Applications received after that point may be 
considered if the position is not filled from the finalist pool. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA Institution, Veterans preference. [R] 

Boise SU 

English, 
1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Tenure-Track assistant professor in 20th/21st Century Anglophone 
literature 4136 

http:// en glish 
.boisestate .edu/ hiring/ 

Pending Administrative Approval: Tenure-Track assistant professor in 
20th/21st Century Anglophone literature, with expertise in postcolonial 
literature and theory, starting in Fall 2009. Ph.D. required. Research focus 
on postmodern period strongly preferred, and ability to teach courses in 
British or American literature and critical theory desirable. The normal 
teaching load is five 3-credit courses per academic year, and assignments 
range from the survey to the graduate level. Scholarly publication, teaching 
excellence, and service expected for academic advancement. http:// 
english 
.boisestate .edu 

Application Procedures: Send a letter of application addressing teaching 
philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and 
a minimum of three letters of recommendation to: Professor Michelle 
Payne, Chair, Department of English, 
Literature Search, Boise State University, 
1910 University Dr., Boise, ID 83725-1525, Email: english@ 
boisestate 
.edu 

Review of applications will begin 3 November 2008 and will continue 
until finalists are identified. Applications received after that point may be 
considered if the position is not filled from the finalist pool. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA Institution, Veterans preference. [R] 



Idaho, C of 

English, 
2112 Cleveland Blvd Caldwell ID 83605 

Assistant Professor in environmental literature and creative writing 4419 

http:// www .collegeofidaho .edu 

The College of Idaho announces a tenure-track position in environmental 
literature and creative writing (non-fiction prose) at the Assistant Professor 
level to begin fall 2009. Primary teaching responsibilities include 
creative writing (non-fiction prose), environmental literature/ humanities, 
and composition at all levels. Ability to teach the literature of the American 
West or Latino/ Latina (or other minority) literature also desirable. 
Applicants must have a Ph.D., relevant teaching experience, and a record 
of professional activity. Teaching load is 3–1-3. The College of Idaho is a 
selective, small, private liberal arts institution noted for its rigorous academic 
standards and close student-faculty interaction. Send letter of application, 
c.v., statement of teaching philosophy, contact information for 
three references, and unofficial transcripts to hr@ collegeofidaho .edu; or 
fax to 208-459-5362; or mail to Office of Human Resources, English/
ES 
Search, The College of Idaho, 2112 Cleveland Blvd. Caldwell, ID 83605. 
EEO Electronic submissions encouraged. Application review will begin 
on November 1. [R] 

Illinois 

Columbia C, Chicago 

English, 
600 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605 

Tenure-Track Faculty in Post-Colonial Literature 4017 

http:// www .colum .edu/ Academics/ En glish_ 
Department/ index .php 

The English 
Department at Columbia College Chicago invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in post-colonial literature beginning August 
2009. Secondary interest in world literature or other fields desirable. 
Ph.D. required. Candidates should demonstrate experience in and strong 
commitment to undergraduate teaching and a commitment to research. 

Columbia College Chicago is an urban institution of over 11,500 undergraduate 
and graduate students, emphasizing arts, media, and communications 
in a liberal arts setting. We offer a competitive salary and an 
excellent benefits package. Columbia College Chicago encourages female, 
GLTB, disabled, minority classified and international individuals to apply 
for all positions. Review of applications to begin on November 1, 2008. 
Interviews at MLA. Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample 
(15–20 pages), and 3 letters of recommendation to: Terence Brunk, Chair, 
Literature Search Committee, English 
Department, Columbia College 
Chicago, 600 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60605-1996, www .colum 
.edu [R] 

Columbia College Chicago 

The School of Liberal Arts and Sciences,-Chicago IL 60605 

Tenure-Track Cultural Studies Faculty 3698 

http:// www .COLUM .edu 

The Cultural Studies Program in the Liberal Education Department at 
Columbia College Chicago invites applications for a tenure-track faculty 
position in Cultural Studies, starting in Fall 2009. The ideal candidate 
should be trained in Media Studies, with research and teaching interests 
in at least three of the following: new media, new technologies and culture, 
critical studies of science and technology, and cultural studies methodologies. 
We are particularly interested in those candidates working in 
new media and one or more of the following areas: Asian cultural studies, 
Asian American cultural studies and Native American cultural studies. 
Ph.D. in cultural studies, media studies, or related field is required at time 
of hire. Teaching experience at the undergraduate level is required. 

Responsibilities include: full-time undergraduate teaching load (3/3), including 
cultural studies courses at all levels; scholarship and professional 
activity; student advising; and service to the College and community. 

Columbia College Chicago is an urban institution of over 11,500 undergraduate 
& graduate students, emphasizing arts, media, & communications 
in a liberal arts setting. We offer a competitive salary and an excellent 
benefits package. Columbia College Chicago encourages female, GLTB, 
disabled, minority classified & international individuals to apply for all 
positions. We will begin reviewing applications on September 30, 2008. 
Please send letter of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, 
evidence of teaching excellence, graduate transcripts, writing sample of 
research/ scholarship, and three letters of reference to: Carmelo Esterrich, 
PhD, Chair, Search Committee, Department of Liberal Education, Columbia 
College Chicago, 600 South Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60605- 
1996, www .COLUM .edu 

Columbia College Chicago 

The School of Liberal Arts and Sciences,-Chicago IL 60605 

Lecturer, New Millennium Studies: The First-Year Seminar 3658 

http:// www .COLUM .edu 

Columbia College Chicago is an urban institution of over 12,000 undergraduate 
and graduate students, emphasizing arts, media, and communications 
in a liberal arts setting. New Millennium Studies: The First-Year 
Seminar (NMS) is an integrative, foundational course in the School of 
Liberal Arts and Sciences. We are seeking a Lecturer in NMS who will 
teach four courses per semester. When appropriate, Lecturers will serve 
in a leadership role in the NMS Teaching Academy, an ongoing forum 
that allows faculty from disparate disciplines to develop and share effective 
methods of teaching, learning, and thinking. 

Qualified candidates will possess both a Master’s degree in an area taught 
at Columbia and a proven record of excellence in undergraduate teaching, 
including courses for first-year students. A terminal degree is preferred. 
Excellent communication skills, creativity, and a sense of humor 
are strong assets for this role. This is a one-year position renewable for up 
to five years. 

Columbia College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, 
international, and minority-classified individuals to apply for all positions. 
No phone calls, please. We offer a competitive salary and an excellent benefits 
package. To ensure full consideration, applications should be received 
by October 31, 2008. Complete applications will include: a curriculum 
vitae or resume; contact information for three references; and a cover letter 
that speaks specifically to the candidate’s qualifications for and interest 
in this particular position, describing experiences and/or approaches to 
teaching first-year students and teaching an integrative or trans-disciplinary 
curriculum. Submit materials in hard copy to: New Millennium Studies: 
The First-Year Seminar, Lecturer Search, Attn: Robert C. Lagueux, 
600 S. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 60605, www .COLUM .edu 

Dominican U 

English, 
7900 W Division River Forest IL 60305 

Assistant Professor of English 
3872 

http:// www .dom .edu 

Full-time, tenure-track position to begin August 2009. Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in contemporary multi-ethnic American literature, 
and experience teaching composition. Strength in postcolonial literature 
desirable. We seek candidates with demonstrable commitment to undergraduate 
teaching and promise of scholarly excellence. Teaching load is 
3/3. All faculty members are invited to contribute to the University’s Core 
Curriculum. Cover letter should address applicant’s teaching philosophy 
in the context of Dominican University’s mission. Located in suburban 
Chicago, Dominican is a distinctively relationship-centered educational 
community, rooted in the liberal arts and sciences, and comprehensive in 
scope, known for its rigorous and engaging academic programs; for the 
care and respect with which it mentors students; for its enduring commitment 
to social justice; and for the enriching diversity of its students, 
faculty and staff. As a Sinsinawa Dominican-sponsored institution, in the 
Catholic intellectual tradition, Dominican University prepares students to 



pursue truth, to give compassionate service, and to participate in the creation 
of a more just and humane world. 

Please send a letter of application and curriculum vitae only to Dominican 
University Human Resources, 7900 West Division Street, River Forest, 
IL, 60305, or hr@ dom .edu. Application deadline is November 14, 2008. 
Preliminary interviews will be held at the MLA convention in San Francisco, 
CA. 

Dominican University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
seeking applications 
from underrepresented groups. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 
600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of Composition/ Rhetoric 4108 

http:// www .eiu .edu/ ~en glish 


Tenure-track position in Composition/ Rhetoric and Professional Writing. 
Especially interested in candidates with expertise in such areas as 
professional and technical writing, composition theory and pedagogy, 
writing-across-the-curriculum, writing assessment, technologies of writing 
instruction, and/or rhetorical studies. Successful candidate will be 
able to contribute to our two-year MA program and concentrations in 
Composition/ Rhetoric and Professional Writing and to our undergraduate 
major and General Education curricula. We seek excellent teachers 
with wide interests and scholarly promise. PhD by date of appointment. 
Fall 2009 start. 3/3 teaching load. Send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and dossier (letters of recommendation and official or unofficial 
transcripts) by November 7, 2008, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, Charleston, 
IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. Eastern Illinois 
University is an equal opportunity/ equal access/ affirmative action 
employer 
committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 
600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 4107 

http:// www .eiu .edu/ ~en glish 


Tenure-track position in Renaissance and 17th-century 
British literature 
and culture. Especially interested in candidates with interests in such areas 
as textual studies, critical/ literary theory, cultural studies, gender studies, 
and/or teacher preparation. Successful candidate will be able to contribute 
to our two-year MA program and to our undergraduate major and 
General Education curricula. We seek excellent teachers with wide interests 
and scholarly promise. PhD by date of appointment. Fall 2009 start. 
3/3 teaching load. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier 
(letters of recommendation and official or unofficial transcripts) by November 
7, 2008, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, Department of English, 
Eastern 
Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, Charleston, IL 61920-3099. 
We will interview at the MLA conference. Eastern Illinois University is 
an equal opportunity/ equal access/ affirmative action employer 
committed 
to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Elgin Comm C 

English 
& For Lang, 1700 Spartan Dr Elgin IL 60123 

English 
Instructor 3688 

http:// www .elgin .edu 

Elgin Community College is more than just a premier educational institution. 
It’s a place where dedicated professionals integrate their unique 
perspectives into everyday learningâ€”where inspiring others is equally as 
important as imparting knowledge. We’re committed to our vision of becoming 
the best comprehensive community college in the United States. 

Improving people’s lives through learning since 1949, Elgin Community 
College is a comprehensive, fully accredited community college offering 
career and technical education, university transfer programs, corporate 
and continuing education, and academic development. ECC is located in 
Elgin, IL, one of the most rapidly growing cities in Illinois. 

Position Description: 

This position is for Spring 2009. Instruct students and evaluate their progress 
to facilitate students in attaining their educational goals. 

Minimum Requirements: 

Master’s degree in the discipline or in a related discipline with at least 15 
graduate hours in the discipline. 

Response Information: 

To receive full consideration, send a complete application packet which 
should include: 

1. A fully and accurately completed Elgin Community College application 
for employment (http:// elgin .edu/ uploadedFiles/ HRempApp .pdf ); 

2. Resume or Curriculum Vitae; 

3. Copies of all undergraduate and graduate transcripts (original transcripts 
mailed directly from the institution(s) required as a condition of 
employment); and 

4. Contact information for three (3) professional references to: 

Elgin Community College 

Human Resources Dept. 

1700 Spartan Drive 

Elgin, IL 60123 

Fax: 847-214-7403 

Email: employment@ elgin .edu 

For detailed job posting and to download the ECC employment application, 
please visit our web site at: http:// www .elgin .edu. 

Elgin Community College is an Equal Employment, Equal Access 
Employer 
committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce. 

North Central C 

English, 
30 N Brainard St, CM 331 Naperville IL 60540 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 4120 

http:// www .noctrl .edu 

North Central College invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Creative Writing with secondary emphasis in 19th-20th c. British literature. 
The successful candidate will have a PhD (preferred) or MFA in 
Creative Writing with expertise in multiple genres and a strong commitment 
to publication and quality teaching in a liberal arts setting. The 
position includes teaching creative writing, literature, and composition 
courses. Appointment at the rank of assistant professor is anticipated, but 
higher rank may be considered for suitably qualified candidates. 

North Central College, founded in 1861, is a selective comprehensive liberal 
arts institution of 2700 students located in Naperville, 30 miles west 
of Chicago on the Metra train line in the heart of the Illinois Research 
and Development corridor. Send letter of application describing teaching 
philosophy and research interests along with curriculum vita to: Richard 
Glejzer, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, c/o Office of Academic 
Affairs, North Central College, 30 N. Brainard St., Naperville, IL 
60540. For full consideration applications must be postmarked no later 
than November 14, 2008. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at 
the annual Convention of the Modern Language Association in December 
2008 (San Francisco). Applicants who would enrich the diversity of 
the campus community are strongly encouraged to apply. EOE. 

Northwestern U 

English, 
1897 Sheridan Rd, University Hall 215 Evanston IL 60208 

Artist in Residence, Poet 3723 

http:// www .en glish 
.northwestern .edu 

Artist in Residence, two-year appointment, renewable for two additional 
three-year terms (total of eight years), to start September 2009. This posi



tion is for a poet who meets four criteria: 1) significant creative publication, 
2) critical expertise in poetry and prosody, 3) acquaintance with 
criticism and technical analysis in prose genres, as well as the ability to 
teach fiction or creative nonfiction reading-and-writing courses, 4) experience 
teaching both creative and literature courses in a curriculum with 
a strong reading and analytic component. Cover letter should be specific 
about your involvement in 2), 3), and 4) and should include names of referees, 
at least one of whom can comment on teaching. Please send letter, 
CV, and a writing sample of five poems not to exceed ten pages in total 
(no books or complete MSS at this time) by November 3, 2008, to Mary 
Kinzie, Director of Creative Writing, Department of English, 
Northwestern 
University, Evanston, Illinois 60208. Applications from women and 
members of minority groups are strongly encouraged. AA/EOE. [R] 

Northwestern U 

English, 
1897 Sheridan Rd, University Hall 215 Evanston IL 60208 

Assistant Professor in British Literature and Culture around 1800 3722 

http:// www .en glish 
.northwestern .edu 

The English 
Department at Northwestern University seeks to fill a tenure-
track position in this field. Applicants must have expertise in Romanticism. 
Desirable secondary strengths include work on gender or women 
authors; imperialism; religion; aesthetics; the history of science; critical 
race studies; and comparative or/and transnational studies. By November 
1, send letter, vita, dossier, and 25 pp. writing sample to Christopher 
Lane, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, 
Northwestern 
University, 1897 Sheridan, University Hall 215, Evanston, IL 60208- 
2240. Minorities and women are strongly encouraged to apply. AA/ 
EOE. [R] 

Roosevelt U 

Lit & Langs, 430 S Michigan Av Rm 724 Chicago IL 60605 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Director of Composition Program 3933 

http:// www .roosevelt .edu/ en glish 


Roosevelt University invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor 
with a PhD in rhetoric and composition. The successful candidate 
will direct a large composition program at a thriving metropolitan university, 
teach undergraduate composition and advanced courses in his/ her 
areas of specialization, and join a department with an expressed commitment 
to the theory and practice of writing. Administratively, the faculty 
member will collaborate with the assistant director of composition on curricular 
matters, mentor a sizeable composition faculty (including a unionized 
group of adjunct instructors), work with students in the composition 
program, and lead composition program development. We are open to a 
variety of teaching and scholarly specialties within rhetoric and composition, 
but are particularly interested in candidates with expertise in critical 
literacies, theories of composition and rhetoric, and/or writing as social 
practice. The faculty member will teach undergraduate courses as well as 
advanced upper-level and graduate courses for our new M.A. Certificate 
in the Teaching of Writing. The standard teaching load at Roosevelt is 
3/3; this faculty member will teach three courses per year and will have 
three course reassignments for administrative work, as well as additional 
compensation for summer program leadership. 

Interested scholars should apply directly to www .roosevelt .edu/hr.careers. 
Applications should include a letter outlining relevant experience, expertise, 
and future plans for teaching, administration, and scholarship, 
together with a CV, a one-page statement of administrative philosophy, 
and a one-page statement of teaching philosophy. We will request dossiers 
and writing samples from selected candidates after an initial screening, 
and will interview at the MLA convention in San Francisco. Please direct 
questions about the position to Professor Carrie Brecke, Search Committee 
Chair, at cbrecke@ roosevelt .edu. The initial application deadline is 
November 3, 2008. 

Roosevelt University, a national leader in educating socially conscious 
citizens, is a private, student-centered university with over 7,000 students 
studying at comprehensive campuses in the Chicago Loop, Schaumburg, 
and online. Founded on the principles of inclusion and social justice, 
Roosevelt offers academic programs in arts and sciences, business, performing 
arts, education, and professional studies. Roosevelt offers baccalaureate 
and masters degrees, as well as doctoral degrees in Educational 
Leadership and Clinical Psychology. [R] 

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville 

English 
Lang & Lit, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 
62026 

Assistant Professor of English: 
African American Literature 3909 

http:// www .siue .edu/ ENGLISH 

To strengthen our diverse course offerings in African American literature 
and to expand our role within the culture of the university and the region, 
we are seeking a specialist in African American literature who wishes to 
join us in fulfilling our vision. The position includes a 3/3 teaching load on 
the undergraduate and graduate levels in area of specialty, along with survey, 
general education, and composition courses. Ph.D. required. If Ph.D. 
is not completed by the beginning of the contract period, appointment 
will be at rank of Instructor until all degree requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master’s/comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis metro east area. Candidates 
must submit a letter of application, vita and statement of teaching philosophy 
to: Search Committee African American Lit., English 
Dept., Southern 
Illinois University Edwardsville, Campus Box 1431M, Edwardsville, 
IL 62026-1431. Candidates who advance to the second round will be 
asked for a writing sample, letters of recommendation and transcripts. As 
an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment opportunity 
without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national 
origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under state sponsored 
plans may not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 12, 2008; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville 

English 
Lang & Lit, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 
62026 

Assistant Professor of English: 
English 
Education 3904 

http:// www .siue .edu/ ENGLISH 

Tenure-track specialist in secondary English 
Education. Requirements 
of position include teaching undergraduate methods courses in composition 
and literature; mentoring and field supervision of student teachers 
in secondary ELA certification program; teaching other English 
courses, 
including graduate courses; serving on master’s committees in the MA/ 
English 
and MSEd/ English 
Education degree programs. Assignments 
based on 3/3 academic year load, which includes field supervision. Qualifications: 
PhD in English, 
English 
Education, or related field required. 
Demonstrated interest in English 
pedagogy; experience and/or scholarly 
interest in writing in secondary education settings desired. Teaching 
experience required. If PhD is not completed by the beginning of 
the contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all 
requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master’s/comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates 
must submit an application packet including: letter of application addressing 
teaching and research interests, statement of teaching philosophy, 
current CV, three letters of recommendation, and unoff icial graduate 
transcripts to: English 
Education Search Committee, Department of English, 
Box 1431M, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, 
IL 62026-1431. As an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers 
equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, creed or 
religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; 
benefits under state sponsored plans may not be available to holders of F1 
or J1 visas. 



Preference given to applications postmarked by 30 October 2008; interviews 
will be conducted at the annual NCTE and MLA conventions. Position 
open until filled. [R] 

U of Chicago 

English, 
1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant Professor of Twentieth-Century 
Literature (British, American, or 
Anglophone) 3651 

http:// en glish 
.uchicago .edu 

The University of Chicago’s Department of English 
expects to hire, at 
the rank of tenure-track Assistant Professor, as many as three scholars 
who work in twentieth-century 
literature (British, American, or Anglophone). 
We hope to attract applicants from a wide range of established and 
emergent fields that organize the study of literature (broadly conceived) 
in different ways: Modernism, Colonial and Postcolonial, African American, 
American Ethnic Literatures, Poetry and Poetics, Transatlantic, Irish 
Studies, Commonwealth Studies, New Media, Theater and Drama, Print 
Culture, Global Literature, etc. Applicants should be ambitious, adventuresome, 
and deeply committed both to scholarly productivity and to 
teaching at the college and graduate levels. Ph.D. should be completed 
by the time of employment. Please send a cover letter, CV, dissertation 
or book abstract, and three letters of recommendation to Jay Schleusener, 
Chair, Department of English, 
University of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., 
Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. Applications received by November 
3, 2008, will receive fullest consideration. The University of Chicago 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Illinois 

School of Literatures, Cultures and Linguistics, 707 South 
Mathews-4072 FLB Room 4072 Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor in African literature 3542 

http:// www .afrst .uiuc .edu 

The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign seeks a full-time tenure 
track Assistant Professor in African literature, starting August 16, 2009. 
The successful candidate will hold a joint appointment in two of three 
departments (Comparative and World Literature, English, 
and French), 
depending on areas of specialization. The candidate will also have an affiliation 
with the Center for African Studies. A demonstrable commitment 
to scholarship and the ability to teach a wide range of African literatures 
and cultures required; familiarity with postcolonial theory preferred. 
PhD in hand by time of appointment. Salary commensurate with experience. 
For full consideration, application materials (letter of interest, CV, 
three letters of recommendation and a writing sample) must be received 
by November 15, 2008. Send application materials, including an email 
address to: African Literature Search Committee, c/o Marita Romine, 
4072A FLB, University of Illinois, 707 S. Mathews, Urbana, IL 61801, 
USA. Phone: (217) 244-3252. The University of Illinois is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Illinois, Chicago 

English, 
2027 University Hall 601 S Morgan St, m/c162 Chicago 
IL 60607 

Visiting Assistant Professor 4342 

http:// www .uic .edu/ depts/ engl/ 

The TESOL Program in the Department of English 
at the University of 
Illinois at Chicago invites applications for a one-year Visiting Assistant 
Professor position beginning August 16, 2009, pending final budgetary 
approval, with the possibility of future permanent appointment. Located 
in downtown Chicago, UIC is a Carnegie Doctoral/ Research-Extensive 
University with roughly 15,000 undergraduate and 9,000 graduate and 
professional students. The TESOL program, which is housed in the Department 
of English, 
grants a Master’s degree in Linguistics. 

Preference will be given to candidates with demonstrated research interests 
in the areas of assessment and computer-mediated teaching and learning; 
however, those with research interests in all areas of second language 
learning and language teaching will be considered. The successful candidate 
would also be expected to teach graduate courses in TESOL methods, 
second language acquisition or general linguistics and to supervise 
student teachers in the field. 

Candidates should be ABD in applied linguistics or a related f ield and 
should have related teaching experience. PhD in hand by the time of appointment 
is preferred. For fullest consideration, candidates should submit 
a letter of interest, a CV, and a list of three references by November 1st, 
2008 to: Dr. Jessica Williams, University of Illinois at Chicago, Department 
of English 
(MC 162), 601 S. Morgan Street, Chicago, IL 60607, 
(312) 413-2200, jessicaw@ uic .edu 

U of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign 

English, 
608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor in postcolonial/ global Anglophone literature 3849 

http:// www .en glish 
.uiuc .edu/ 

Full-time tenure-track appointment for an assistant professor in postcolonial/ 
global Anglophone literature in the Department of English 
at the 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Appointment begins August 
16, 2009. Required: completed Ph.D. in pertinent area by time of 
appointment; primary research focus in late nineteenth-century 
or later. 
To ensure full consideration, send letter, cv with email address, and a 1–3 
page description of dissertation or current, post-dissertation research project 
to Curtis Perry, Head, Department of English, 
University of Illinois, 
608 S. Wright St., Urbana, IL 61801 (phone 217-333-2390) by November 
4, 2008. Interviews at MLA or by telephone. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications. The University of Illinois is an Affirmative Action, 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Western Illinois U 

English 
& Journalism, 1 University Cir Macomb IL 61455 

Department Chair. The Department of English 
and Journalism 3932 

http:// www .wiu .edu/ employment/ emp .sphp?id=670 

Candidates must hold a terminal degree in English, 
Journalism or related 
field, have a demonstrated strong commitment to and record of excellent 
teaching, a record of scholarly and professional/ service activities to support 
a tenured appointment at or promotion to full professor within the 
department, a demonstrated administrative ability, a demonstrated commitment 
to a diverse curriculum and to diversifying faculty and staff, and 
a leadership approach that supports shared governance. A strong commitment 
to sustaining a collegial, equitable, and supportive environment for 
faculty and staff is essential. Salary competitive and commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Western Illinois University offers a comprehensive 
benefits package that includes domestic partner benefits. For 
details, visit http:// www .wiu .edu/hr/benef its .php Look for complete 
information at http:// www .wiu .edu/ employment/ Send letter of interest, 
c.v., administrative philosophy, teaching philosophy, transcripts, and 
f ive current letters of recommendation. Apply to: Dr. Abdul-Rasheed 
Na’Allah, English 
& Journalism Search Committee Chair, c/o Western 
Survey Research Center, Tillman Hall 301, Western Illinois University, 1 
University Circle, Macomb, IL 61455-1390. Review of application starts 
on October 1, 2008, and continues until position is filled. 

Western Illinois University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. [R] 



Wheaton C 

English, 
501 College Av Wheaton IL 60187 

Creative Writing Position 3864 

http:// www .wheaton .edu/ welcome/ aboutus 

The Department of English 
at Wheaton College invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in Creative Writing—Creative Nonfiction. The 
ideal candidate would have a secondary expertise in fiction writing or 
some area of literature, along with a strong record of publication. Enthusiasm 
for teaching composition and general education literature is vital. 
Ph.D. or MFA. Open rank. Please see College website for more information: 
http:// www .wheaton .edu/ welcome/ aboutus. Send letter of interest, 
resume, and names of references by November 14 to: Dr. Sharon 
Coolidge, Chair; English 
Department; Wheaton College; 501 College 
Avenue;Wheaton, IL 60187. Application forms will be sent to promising 
applicants .Wheaton College is a highly selective evangelical Protestant 
Christian liberal arts college whose faculty members affirm a Statement 
of Faith and adhere to lifestyle expectations of our Community Covenant. 
The College complies with federal and state guidelines of nondiscrimination 
in employment; women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Wheaton C 

English, 
501 College Av Wheaton IL 60187 

Assistant Professor of Literature 3874 

http:// www .wheaton .edu/ welcome/ aboutus 

The Department of English 
at Wheaton College invites applications for a 
tenure-track assistant or beginning associate position in literature in any 
field of British literature or world literatures in English. 
The ideal candidate 
will have enthusiasm for teaching composition and general education 
literature, including world literature, both ancient and modern. Ph.D. required 
by August 2009. Please see College website for more information: 
http:// www .wheaton .edu/ welcome/ aboutus. Send letter of interest, resume, 
and names of references by November 14 to: Dr. Sharon Coolidge, 
Chair; English 
Department; Wheaton College; 501 College Avenue; 
Wheaton, IL 60187. Application forms will be sent to promising applicants. 
Wheaton College is a highly selective evangelical Protestant Christian 
liberal arts college whose faculty members affirm a Statement of Faith 
and adhere to lifestyle expectations of our Community Covenant. The 
College complies with federal and state guidelines of nondiscrimination 
in employment; women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

India na 

Ball SU 

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 4365 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing. Responsibilities: teach and develop 
undergraduate and graduate courses in screenwriting and either creative 
non-fiction or poetry; publish creative works. Minimum qualifications. 
Earned M.F.A. or Ph.D. in creative writing by August 1, 2009, with 
ability to teach screenwriting; record of effective teaching at the college 
or university level; record of creative publications and/or presentations. 
Preferred qualif ications include some combination of the following: 
multi-modal text production; visual rhetoric; Native American literature; 
experience collaborating with academic, corporate, and community 
partners; experience with interdisciplinary approaches to writing; literary 
editing and publishing; community-based education; record of effective 
instruction in hybrid or online courses; experience in Writing Center instruction 
and administration. 

Ball State is particularly interested in candidates with research and teaching 
expertise in digital literacy and emerging media contexts who are 
committed to creative and interdisciplinary endeavors. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and graduate transcripts to: 
Tenure-track Search Committee, Department of English, 
Ball State University, 
Muncie IN 47306. Application deadline: Oct. 15, 2008. 

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 

Ball SU 

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant Professor, Modern and Contemporary Drama 4371 

Assistant Professor, Modern and Contemporary Drama, preferably with 
expertise in world and/or post-colonial literature. Responsibilities: Teach 
and develop undergraduate and graduate courses in modern and contemporary 
drama; publish scholarship in modern and contemporary drama. 
Minimum qualifications: Earned Ph.D. in English 
or related field by August 
1, 2009, with specialization in modern and contemporary drama; 
record of effective teaching at the college or university level; record of 
publications and/or presentations in area of specialization. Preferred qualifications 
include some combination of the following: demonstrated interest 
and expertise in post-colonial and/or world literature; multi-modal 
text production; visual rhetoric; Native American literature; experience 
collaborating with academic, corporate, and community partners; experience 
with interdisciplinary approaches to writing; literary editing and 
publishing; community-based education; record of effective instruction in 
hybrid or online courses; experience in Writing Center instruction and 
administration. 

Ball State is particularly interested in candidates with research and teaching 
expertise in digital literacy and emerging media contexts who are 
committed to creative and interdisciplinary endeavors. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract or book 
prospectus, and graduate transcripts to: Tenure-track Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
Ball State University, Muncie IN 47306. Application 
deadline: Nov. 1, 2008. 

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 

Ball SU 

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition 4366 

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition. Responsibilities: teach 
and develop undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition, 
with an emphasis on new media and digital literacies; publish 
scholarship on new media and digital literacies. Minimum qualifications: 
Earned Ph.D. in English 
with emphasis in Rhetoric and Composition, 
and/or Technical/ Professional communication by August 1, 2009; record 
of scholarship in visual rhetoric, digital literacies, new media, digital archives, 
information literacies, technical and professional communication, 
multimodal text production, digital research methodologies, and/or related 
areas; record of effective college teaching; successful application of 
technology to writing instruction. Preferred qualifications include some 
combination of the following: multi-modal text production; visual rhetoric; 
Native American literature; experience collaborating with academic, 
corporate, and community partners; experience with interdisciplinary 
approaches to writing; literary editing and publishing; community-based 
education; record of effective instruction in hybrid or online courses; experience 
in Writing Center instruction and administration. 

Ball State is particularly interested in candidates with research and teaching 
expertise in digital literacy and emerging media contexts who are 
committed to creative and interdisciplinary endeavors. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and graduate transcripts to: 
Tenure-track Search Committee, Department of English, 
Ball State University, 
Muncie IN 47306. Application deadline: Oct. 15, 2008. 

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 



Ball SU 

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant Professor, Early American Literatures 4367 

Assistant Professor, Early American Literatures, preferably with expertise 
in a transatlantic approach. Responsibilities: Teach and develop undergraduate 
and graduate courses in American Literature; publish scholarship 
on early American literatures. Minimum qualifications: earned Ph.D. in 
English 
or related field by August 1, 2009, with specialization in Early 
American literature; record of effective teaching at the college or university 
level; record of publications and/or presentations in area of specialization. 
Preferred qualifications include some combination of the following: 
expertise in a transatlantic approach to American literatures; multi-modal 
text production; visual rhetoric; Native American literature; experience 
collaborating with academic, corporate, and community partners; experience 
with interdisciplinary approaches to writing; literary editing and 
publishing; community-based education; record of effective instruction in 
hybrid or online courses; experience in Writing Center instruction and 
administration. 

Ball State is particularly interested in candidates with research and teaching 
expertise in digital literacy and emerging media contexts who are 
committed to creative and interdisciplinary endeavors. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract or book 
prospectus, and graduate transcripts to: Tenure-track Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
Ball State University, Muncie IN 47306. Application 
deadline: Nov. 1, 2008. 

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 

Butler U 

English, 
4600 Sunset Av Indianapolis IN 46208 

Assistant Professor of English 
3921 

http:// butler .edu 

Butler University’s English 
Department seeks a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor in pre-1900 American Literature. Successful candidates should 
possess a broad range of scholarly and teaching interests. Desirable areas 
of expertise include colonial literature, American Renaissance, Hispanic 
American literature, cultural studies, critical race/ ethnicity studies, and 
history. 

Teaching load is 3/3. Successful candidate will teach core, departmental 
service, and upper-level English 
courses in research area(s) of specialization. 
Ph.D. must be in hand by August 1, 2009. 

Send letter and vita to Andy Levy, Search Committee Chair, American 
Literature Search, Butler University, Indianapolis, IN 46208. Application 
deadline is November 5. 

Butler University is an equal opportunity employer, 
and is strongly and 
actively committed to diversity within its community. Applications from 
women and members of historically underrepresented groups are especially 
encouraged. [R] 

Indiana U, South Bend 

English, 
PO Box 7111, 1700 Mishawaka Av South Bend IN 46634 

Assitant Professor of post-World War II post-colonial British literature 4155 

http:// www .iusb .edu 

The English 
Department at Indiana University South Bend invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in post-World War II postcolonial 
British literature, to begin August 2009; a second specialization 
in poetry writing or film studies would be a plus. 

Ph.D. or advanced ABD in post-World War II post-colonial British Literature 
required; demonstrated scholarly activity in the field and excellence 
in teaching desirable. Applicant should have ability to teach first-year students 
and to develop a range of undergraduate and graduate courses. All 
members of the English 
department regularly teach expository writing 
courses; enthusiasm about first-year writing will be an asset. The teaching 
load is 3/3. Send transcripts, 3 reference letters, curriculum vitae, and 
letter of application addressing research interests and teaching experience 
and philosophy by November 1 to Professor Rebecca Brittenham, 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
1700 Mishawaka Ave., 
P.O. Box 7111, South Bend, IN 46634-7111. IUSB is an equal opportunity 
affirmative action employer; 
members of under-represented groups, 
women, and disabled individuals are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 
500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor of Women’s Studies 3531 

http:// www .cla .purdue .edu/ en glish/ 


Assistant professor, joint appointment, 50% in Women’s Studies and 50% 
in one of the following Departments: English, 
Communication, Foreign 
Languages and Literature, Health and Kinesiology, to begin August 2009. 

Specializations in English 
Studies: Emphasis on women and gender, and 
intersections of gender, race, ethnicity, sexuality, and class in one of the 
following disciplines or fields: English, 
literary and cultural studies; Multiculturalism, 
Spanish and Latino and Minority Literatures; rhetoric and/ 
or technology. 

Qualifications: Ph.D.; commitment to interdisciplinary studies; promise 
of significant research productivity; record of successful teaching; ability 
to teach introductory as well as advanced classes. 

Send application letter, Curriculum Vita, writing sample, and three (3) 
letters of recommendation which, if applicable, address teaching strengths 
by October 15, 2008. 

Valentine Moghadam, Director, Women’s Studies Program 6164 Beering 
Hall, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907. [R] 

U of Notre Dame 

English, 
356 O’Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

American Literature. Rank open. Two Positions. 3812 

http:// en glish.
nd.edu 

The Department of English 
at the University of Notre Dame seeks to 
make two open-rank appointments in 19th-century 
and 20th-century 
American Literature with a focus on fiction. 

The field of American literary studies at Notre Dame is part of an interdisciplinary 
community of Americanists that includes the Institute for Latino 
Studies, the Gender Studies Program, the Department of Africana Studies, 
and the Department of American Studies. The Department of English, 
with forty full-time teaching and research faculty, offers programs 
in all areas of literature in English. 
Faculty teach two courses a semester, 
graduate and undergraduate, with most courses in their areas of specialization. 
The University of Notre Dame, located 90 miles from Chicago, 
is an international Catholic research university. The University is an 
equal opportunity educator and employer 
working to promote an intercultural 
learning community. We seek outstanding applicants of diverse 
backgrounds, including women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and 
those attracted to a university with a Catholic identity. Information about 
Notre Dame is available at http:// www.nd.edu. 

Salary highly competitive. Send a letter of application and c.v. to John 
Sitter, Chair, Department of English, 
356 O’Shaughnessy, University of 
Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556. The committee will begin deliberations 
on materials received by October 31, 2008, and the search will 
continue until the positions have been filled. [R] 



Iowa 

Grinnell C 

English, 
1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Assistant Professor of English 
(Renaissance Literature) 3614 

http:// www .grinnell .edu 

Tenure-track position in the Department of English 
in English 
Renaissance 
Literature, starting Fall 2009. Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) preferred; 
Instructor (ABD) or Associate Professor possible. Grinnell College is a 
highly selective undergraduate liberal arts college whose English 
department 
offers courses in a broad range of literary traditions spanning the 
long history and present multiplicity of writing in English. 
The College’s 
curriculum is founded on a strong advising system and close student-faculty 
interaction, with few college-wide requirements beyond the completion 
of a major. The teaching schedule of five courses over two semesters 
will include Introduction to Shakespeare, an introductory humanities 
course on the ancient Greek world, a survey of early British literature, 
and seminars in Shakespeare, Milton, and Renaissance Literature. Every 
two to three years one course will be Tutorial, a writing/ critical thinking 
course for first-year students, oriented toward a special topic chosen 
by the instructor. In letters of application, candidates should discuss their 
interest in developing as teachers and scholars in an undergraduate, liberal 
arts college that emphasizes close student-faculty interaction. They also 
should discuss what they can contribute to efforts to cultivate a wide diversity 
of people and perspectives, a core value of Grinnell College. To be 
assured of full consideration, all application materials should be received 
by November 1, 2008. Send letter of application, c.v., transcripts (copies 
are acceptable), and three confidential letters of recommendation to 
Professor Erik Simpson, Search Committee, Department of English, 
1213 
Sixth Avenue, Grinnell College, Grinnell, IA 50112. [EnglishSearch@ 
grinnell .edu], 641-269-4655; fax 641-269-4718. 

Grinnell College is an equal opportunity/ aff irmative action employer 
committed to attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals who 
collectively reflect the diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated 
against on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, 
sexual orientation, marital status, religion, creed, or disability. [R] 

Iowa SU 

English, 
203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant Professor of English 
in creative writing 4241 

http:// www .iastate .edu/ jobs 

Tenure-track. Beginning August 2009. Accomplished writer in one genre 
with the ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in a second 
genre for our newly-formed MFA program in Creative Writing and Environment. 
We seek a colleague whose work demonstrates an ecological 
perspective and who has an interest in place-based, environmental literature, 
and in writing about the natural world. Applicants who have a demonstrated 
commitment to environmental thought and action in tangible 
forms such as publication, research, and/or fieldwork experiences will be 
given preference. Successful candidate will be asked to bring fresh perspectives 
and take an active role in helping to shape our unique and growing 
MFA program. MFA or Ph.D. and record of substantial publication 
required; one book and teaching experience preferred. 2/2 teaching load 
to begin. Interviews with selected candidates may be conducted at the 
AWP Conference in Chicago. Applicants are invited to apply online at 
http:// www .iastate .edu/ jobs by November 1, 2008. AA/EO Employer. 
Women and members of historically underrepresented groups are strongly 
encouraged to apply. 

Simpson C 

English, 
701 North C St Indianola IA 50125 

Assistant Professor of English 
4021 

http:// www .simpson .edu 

Simpson College, a private, nationally recognized regional college 
grounded in the liberal arts tradition and affiliated with the United Methodist 
Church, invites nominations and applications for the position of 
Assistant Professor of English, 
with a specialization in pre-20th century 
American literature. Additional interest and experience in film studies 
and/or non-western literature is desirable. Teaching load is 8 courses (24 
hours) per academic year, including composition. The successful candidate 
will be willing to identify as a generalist and to teach courses in Simpson’s 
first-year and college-wide senior colloquium programs. The position, 
beginning August 19, 2009, requires a Ph.D. or other appropriate terminal 
degree, interdisciplinary interest, and experience and/or expressed interest 
in working at a primarily residential, liberal arts institution. 

Submit application letter, curriculum vita, sample assignments, transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to: CoryAnne Harrigan, Search 
Chair, Department of English, 
Simpson College, 701 North C Street, Indianola, 
IA 50125 

It is the policy and practice of Simpson College to provide equal educational 
and employment opportunities for all. We specifically encourage 
applications from women, minorities, and persons with disabilities. Review 
of applications will begin on November 10, 2008 and continue until 
the position is filled. 

Ka nsa s 

Kansas SU 

English, 
108 English 
& CS Bldg Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 3682 

http:// www .ksu .edu/ en glish 


Tenure-track position. M.F.A. or Ph.D. (ABD considered) in Creative 
Writing, with expertise in fiction writing. Teaching responsibilities include 
undergraduate and graduate courses in creative writing and literature. 
Five course per year teaching load. Successful candidates will have 
a strong publication record and evidence of excellence in the classroom. 
Service assignments may include advising the department’s student literary 
journal and serving on M.A. committees. Commitment to diversity 
required. 

Send letter of application, c.v., evidence of teaching effectiveness (sample 
syllabi, statement of teaching philosophy), and a list of graduate courses 
completed to Karin Westman, Head, English 
Dept., ECS Building, Kansas 
State University, Manhattan, KS 66506. (Letters of reference and 
writing samples will be requested later.) Review of applications begins 
November 3, 2008 and continues until the position is filled. Kansas State 
is an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its 
employees. [R] 

U of Kansas 

English, 
1445 Jayhawk Blvd, 3001 Wescoe Hall Lawrence KS 66045 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 4195 

http:// www .en glish.
ku.edu 

Tenure-track or tenured; expected start date: August 18, 2009. Duties: 
Teach undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition 
(topics courses, graduate surveys, advanced seminars, and the practicum 
for teachers). Direct graduate student theses and dissertations. 2–2 teaching 
assignment. Research, write, and publish in specialty of rhetoric and 
composition. Actively contribute to the workings of the department, College, 
and University community. Initial evaluation of applicants will be 
made on the basis of the following materials: letter of application, vita, 



graduate transcript (Assistant Professor position only), and three letters of 
recommendation. Required Qualifications: Specialization in rhetoric and 
composition. At least one year of successful teaching. Preparation to teach 
beginning and advanced courses in specialty. Ph.D. in English 
or a related 
field by start date of appointment. Candidates for the position of Associate 
Professor must demonstrate an established record of publication in 
rhetoric and composition, as well as experience and excellence teaching 
a variety of courses in specialty. Preferred Qualifications: Subspecialty in 
an area especially relevant to current disciplinary inquiries, including (but 
not limited to) cultural or transnational rhetorics, composition pedagogy, 
new media, new literacies, historical rhetorics, etc. Interest in developing 
new courses in rhetoric and composition. Ability to contribute to the 
climate of diversity in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, including 
a diversity of scholarly approaches. Send: Letter of application, CV, graduate 
transcript (Assistant Professor position only), and three recent letters of 
recommendation that evaluate scholarly potential/ achievement and teaching 
to: Dorice Elliott, Department of English, 
1445 Jayhawk Blvd., 3001 
Wescoe Hall, The University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS 66045-7590. Email 
contact: relliott@ ku .edu. Applications must be postmarked by 3 November 
2008 to receive first consideration. The position will remain open 
until filled. EO/AA Employer. 
[R] 

Kentuc ky 

Murray SU 

English 
& Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 3751 

http:// www .murraystate .edu/ chfa/ en glish/ 


Full-time, tenure-track position to begin August 2009. Qualifications: 
Ph.D in TESOL, Applied Linguistics, or related degree required. ABDs 
with a plan of completion by appointment date will be considered. Evidence 
of good teaching and scholarly potential required. Ability to teach 
online courses required. Experience in teacher training preferred. Responsibilities: 
Teach TESOL and linguistics courses in Master of Arts 
TESOL program. Application Deadline: December 5, 2008. To Apply: 
Submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, academic transcripts and 
three recent letters of recommendation addressing the above qualifications/ 
responsibilities to: TESOL Search, Department of English 
and 
Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray, KY 
42071-3341. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray 
State University is an equal education and employment opportunity 
M/F/D/, AA employer. 
[R] 

Murray SU 

English 
& Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor of 20th-century 
British literature 3750 

http:// www .murraystate .edu/ chfa/ en glish/ 


Full-time, tenure-track position to begin August 2009. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English 
with an emphasis in 20th-Century 
British Literature, 
drama preferred. ABDs with documented plan of completion by appointment 
date will be considered. Ability to teach composition required. Evidence 
of teaching excellence and scholarly potential required. Expertise 
in multicultural or film studies preferred. Interest and/or experience with 
teaching online courses preferred. Responsibilities: Teach four courses 
per semester in modern British Literature, a sophomore-level Humanities 
course, and first-year composition; conduct scholarly research sufficient 
for tenure and advancement; engage in appropriate service. Application 
Deadline Date: November 14, 2008. To Apply: Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, placement file with unofficial transcripts and three recent 
letters of recommendation addressing the above qualifications/ responsibilities 
to: 20th-Century 
British Literature Search, Department of 
English 
and Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray, 
KY 42071-3341. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
Murray State University is an equal education and employment opportunity, 
M/F/D, AA employer. 
[R] 

Murray SU 

English 
& Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor of American literature 3752 

http:// www .murraystate .edu/ chfa/ en glish/ 


Full-time, tenure-track position to begin August 2009. QUALIFICATIONS: 
Ph.D. in English 
with an emphasis in modern or contemporary 
American poetry required. ABDs with a plan of completion by start date 
will be considered. Ability to teach composition and evidence of good 
teaching and scholarly or creative potential required. Interest in/experience 
with teaching online courses preferred. RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Teach four courses per semester in American literature, sophomore-level 
Humanities, and/or first-year composition; conduct scholarly or creative 
work sufficient for tenure and advancement; engage in appropriate service. 
Application Deadline: November 14, 2008. To Apply: Send letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, placement file with transcripts and three 
recent letters of recommendation addressing the above qualifications/ responsibilities 
to: American Literature Search, Department of English 
and 
Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray KY 42071- 
3341. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray State University 
is an equal education and employment opportunity M/F/D/, AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Louisville 

English, 
S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition 4238 

http:// louisville .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
invites applications for an Assistant Professor, 
tenure-track, in Rhetoric and Composition, to begin Fall 2009. Ph.D. 
preferred, but ABD nearing completion considered, with specialization in 
Rhetoric and Composition and teaching experience required. Candidates 
should have a demonstrated commitment to pedagogy and the ability to 
do successful research. We are particularly interested in candidates with 
one or more of the following areas of specialization: minority and ethnic 
rhetorics, classical rhetoric, new media. Teaching load appropriate to 
a research institution; salary competitive. Course assignments range from 
undergraduate writing, which all professorial faculty teach, to seminars in 
an established, successful doctoral program in Rhetoric and Composition. 

Send letter, c.v., and writing sample to Professor Bruce Horner, Chair, 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Louisville, 
Louisville, KY 40292. Applications must be postmarked on or before October 
31, 2008. 

All applicants must also apply online and attach current a version of their 
vita at http:// www .louisville .edu/ jobs by October 31, 2008. Please reference 
Job ID# 23249. If you have trouble with the online application, 
please e-mail Melissa Perkins (m.perkins@ louisville .edu) or phone 502- 
852-0504. 

The University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Disabilities Employer, 
committed to diversity and in 
that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. [R] 

U of Louisville 

English, 
S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor of English 
4203 

http:// louisville .edu/ en glish 


Assistant Professor, Early Modern English 
Literature and Culture, University 
of Louisville, Fall 2009. 

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professorship in sixteenth and/or seventeenth century English 
Literature 
and Culture to begin with the Fall Semester 2009. Candidates should 



have a record of excellent teaching and demonstrated ability to do successful 
research. Teaching load appropriate to a research institution; salary 
competitive. Course assignments range from graduate seminars to undergraduate 
writing, which all professorial faculty teach. Ph.D. preferred, but 
ABDs considered. Applications must be postmarked on or before November 
7, 2008. 

Send letter and vita to Professor Matthew Biberman, Chair, Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 
40292. 

All applicants must also apply online and attach a current version of their 
vita at http:// www .louisville .edu/ jobs by November 7, 2008. Please reference 
Job ID# 23247. If you have trouble with the online application, 
please e-mail Ms. Pam Drake (prdrak01@ louisville .edu) or phone 502- 
852-6801. 

The University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Disabilities Employer, 
committed to diversity and in 
that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. [R] 

Louisia na 

Loyola U, New Orleans 

English, 
6363 Saint Charles Av, Box 50 New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance literature 3554 

http:// www .loyno .edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor to teach Renaissance and seventeenth- 
century 
literature, both poetry and drama, beginning August 2009. Applicant 
must have expertise in one other field or period, excluding medieval, 
as well. Service courses, advising, and departmental service also required. 
PhD required. Send application postmarked no later than November 10, 
2008, to Dr. Katherine H. Adams, Chair; Department of English, 
Box 50; 
Loyola University New Orleans; New Orleans, LA 70118. Applications 
must include resume, transcript of highest degree, and three confidential 
letters of recommendation. Publications may be requested. Salary Range: 
$53–55,000.00. Loyola is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Loyola U, New Orleans 

English, 
6363 Saint Charles Av, Box 50 New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of Contemporary literature & Critical Theory 3561 

http:// www .loyno .edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor to teach contemporary literature and 
critical theory, beginning August 2009. Service courses, advising, and 
departmental service also required. PhD required. Send application postmarked 
no later than November 10, 2008, to Dr. Katherine H. Adams, 
Chair; Department of English, 
Box 50; Loyola University New Orleans; 
New Orleans, LA 70118. Applications must include resume, transcript of 
highest degree, and three confidential letters of recommendation. Publications 
may be requested. Salary Range: $53–55,000.00. Loyola is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Northwestern SU of Louisiana 

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches LA 
71497 

Assistant Professor of English—
Rhetoric and Composition 3620 

http:// www .nsula .edu/ langcomm 

Tenure-track, Assistant Professor in rhetoric and composition at Northwestern 
State University. We seek a candidate with a specialization in 
rhetoric and composition/ composition studies. Additional preparation in 
computers and writing and technical writing are desirable. Selected applicant 
will have many opportunities to assist with expansion of graduate 
and undergraduate programs. Funding for technology and labs is readily 
available. Record of high quality teaching at the university level, established 
research agenda and Ph.D. are required; ABD candidates with 
scheduled defense dates will be considered. Please submit letter of application, 
CV, three letters of reference, and official transcripts to Dr. Lisa 
Abney, Department Head, Language and Communication, 318 Kyser 
Hall, Northwestern State University, 165 Sam Sibley Drive, NSU Box 
5247, Natchitoches, LA 71497. Position open until filled. Northwestern 
State University of Louisiana is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Northwestern SU of Louisiana 

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches LA 
71497 

Assistant Professor of English—
Generalist 3623 

http:// www .nsula .edu/ langcomm 

Assistant Professor with generalist background in professional writing, 
literature, fiction writing, folklore, or rhetoric-composition. Position begins 
Fall, 2009. Candidates should show a willingness to assist with recruitment 
and retention of students at the Graduate and Undergraduate 
level. Record of high quality teaching at the university level, established 
research agenda, and Ph.D. required; ABD candidates with scheduled 
defense dates will be considered. Please submit letter of application, CV, 
three letters of reference, and official transcripts to Dr. Lisa Abney, Department 
Head, Department of Language and Communication, Northwestern 
State University, 318 Kyser Hall, NSU Box 5247, 165 Sam Sibley 
Drive, Natchitoches, LA 71497. Position will be open until filled. Northwestern 
State University of Louisiana is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Northwestern SU of Louisiana 

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches LA 
71497 

Department Head of Language and Communication 3622 

http:// www .nsula .edu/ langcomm 

Northwestern State University seeks applicants for Head, Department of 
Language and Communication. Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in English; 
consideration will also be given to those who have expertise in a modern 
language or communication. Applicants should have appropriate credentials, 
academic training, experience, and scholarly production to warrant 
appointment as associate professor and full member on Northwestern’s 
graduate faculty; assistant professors may be considered. Applicants should 
provide evidence of skills in successful personnel management, budget 
preparation, hiring, scheduling of classes, student retention, successful 
grant writing, and current knowledge of technological applications. If selected 
for an interview, applicants should be prepared to discuss strategies 
for attracting undergraduate and graduate majors, faculty retention, and 
other issues germane to the position. Applicants should also be prepared 
to provide a vision for success which could apply to colleges and universities 
such as Northwestern State University of Louisiana. 

The Department of Language and Communication offers a Bachelor of 
Arts and a Master of Arts in English. 
It offers minors in English, 
Communication, 
Spanish, French and German. The M.A. in English 
has three 
concentrations: American and British Literature, Writing and Linguistics, 
and folklore/ Southern Culture. 

Position open until filled. Send letter of application, official transcript(s), 
current vitae, and three letters of reference to: Dr. Lisa Abney, Dean of 
the College of Liberal Arts, Northwestern State University, P.O. Box 
5314, Natchitoches, LA 71497, Northwestern State University is an AA/ 
EEO Employer. 
[R] 



Northwestern SU of Louisiana 

Lang & Communication, 165 Sam Sibley Dr, Ste 318 Natchitoches LA 
71497 

Associate or Professor of English 
3621 

http:// www .nsula .edu/ langcomm 

Tenure-track, Associate or Professor of English 
in rhetoric and composition. 
We seek a candidate with a specialization in Rhetoric and/or 
Composition/ Composition Studies. Selected applicant will have many 
opportunities to teach in area of specialization and will find opportunities 
to assist with expansion of graduate and undergraduate program. Funding 
for technology and labs is readily available. Record of high quality 
teaching at the university level, established research agenda and Ph.D. required. 
Please submit letter of application, CV, three letters of reference, 
and official transcripts to Dr. Lisa Abney, Northwestern State University, 
318 Kyser Hall, 165 Sam Sibley Drive, NSU Box 5247, Natchitoches, LA 
71497. Position open until filled. Northwestern State University of Louisiana 
is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, 
and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Tulane U 

English, 
6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of English 
(Early Modern Transatlantic Literary Studies) 
3835 

http:// www .tulane .edu/ ~en glish 


The Department of English 
at Tulane University seeks to f ill a tenure 
track position in Early Modern Transatlantic Literary Studies. Please send 
a letter of application, vita, and a 25 page writing sample no later than 
October 15th, 2008 addressed to Gaurav Desai, Chair, Department of 
English 
at engpos1@ tulane .edu Initial applications will only be accepted 
electronically and should be sent as attachments in either Word or pdf 
formats. Letters of recommendations (in hard copy) will be requested at a 
later date. We will be interviewing at the MLA Convention. Tulane University 
is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity. All eligible candidates are invited to apply 
for position vacancies as appropriate. 

Ma ine 

Bates C 

English, 
2 Andrews Rd, 7 Lane Hall Lewiston ME 04240 

Director of Writing 4031 

http:// www .vscyberhosting .com/ bates/ 

Bates College, a highly competitive liberal arts college in Maine, seeks a 
Director of Writing to provide leadership and expertise to support student 
writing and faculty development around writing. The Director of 
Writing is a full-time staff-faculty position with competitive salary. The 
Director will foster faculty discussion around writing and create faculty 
development opportunities associated with the College’s three-tiered 
writing requirement. The position requires proven leadership, effectiveness 
at working collaboratively with faculty, staff, and students, and excellent 
communications and organizational skills. Opportunities exist for 
teaching in the First Year Seminar Program and for developing and teaching 
other courses. A terminal degree is required. Review of dossiers will 
begin November 1. For more information and to apply, visit our web site 
at: https:// www .vscyberhosting .com/ bates/ 

Bates College values a diverse college community and seeks to assure 
equal opportunity through a continuing and effective Affirmative Action 
Program. 

Colby C 

English, 
Waterville ME 04901 

Assistant Professor of Composition/ Writer’s Center Director 4257 

http:// www .colby .edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor position/ Writer’s Center Directorship 
for a composition specialist with a Ph.D. in Rhetoric/ Composition. Responsibilities 
include administering the Writer’s Center; teaching introductory 
and advanced writing courses; and taking a leadership role in 
campus initiatives to improve communication skills. Experience with ESL 
necessary; experience with Service Learning desirable. Ph.D. in hand by 
September 2009. For information on our Writer’s Center program please 
visit: www .colby .edu/ academics_cs/acaddept/ writerscenter/ index .cfm. 
To apply, please send a cover letter that includes a brief discussion of your 
teaching and scholarship interests as well as your administrative experience. 
Your application should also include a curriculum vitae and three 
letters of recommendation and be addressed to Professor Laurie Osborne; 
Chair of the Rhetoric and Composition Search; English 
Department; 
Colby College; 5278 Mayflower Hill; Waterville, ME 04901. Review of 
applications will begin on November 14, 2008 and continue until the position 
is filled. Preliminary interviewing will take place at MLA in December. 
Colby is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer, 
committed to excellence through diversity, and encourages applications 
and nominations of persons of color, women, and other underrepresented 
groups. 

Colby C 

English, 
Waterville ME 04901 

Department Chair, Associate or Full Professor of British Literature 4261 

http:// www .colby .edu 

The Department of English 
invites applications for an associate or full 
professor who will serve as department chair, beginning July 1, 2009. 
Preferred areas of specialization include Eighteenth-Century 
Literature, 
Transatlantic studies, Irish Studies, or non-Shakespearean Drama, interests 
in visual/ material culture desirable. A strong record of teaching and scholarship 
is required; administrative experience necessary. The department 
offers both English 
and English-
Creative Writing majors; the department 
chair works closely with the Director of Creative Writing and the Director 
of the Writer’s Center. Responsibilities would include teaching three 
courses (a two-course release from the five-course load while serving as 
chair) or four courses with a stipend. Colby is a highly selective liberal 
arts college (with approximately 1800 students), recognized for excellence 
in undergraduate education and for close student-faculty interaction. The 
College has a generous sabbatical policy and offers funds for research and 
professional travel as well as for start-up. Applicants should send a curriculum 
vitae; reprints; statements of teaching and research interests and 
experience; and at least three letters of recommendation to Edward H Yeterian, 
Dean of Faculty (ehyeteri@ colby .edu); Colby College; 4770 Mayflower 
Hill Drive; Waterville, Maine 04901. Review of applications will 
begin on November 10, 2008 and will continue until the position is filled. 
Colby is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer, 
committed 
to excellence through diversity, and encourages applications and nominations 
of persons of color, women, and other underrepresented groups. 
For more information about the Department of English, 
visit the English 
department page or contact Interim Chair, Professor Laurie E. Osborne 
(leosborn@ colby .edu). 



Ma ryla nd 

Hood C 

English, 
401 Rosemont Av Frederick MD 21701 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 4164 

http:// www .hood .edu 

We invite applications for a full time, tenure-track position in American 
literature beginning fall, 2009. As a small department, we seek a generalist 
who can teach all periods of American literature, introductory 
composition, and poetry. We also seek someone eager to add to our sophomore-
level “genre,” “theme,” and “author” courses, especially in interdisciplinary 
ways. 

We seek a candidate with a Ph.D. in hand and teaching experience. Please 
send a letter of application and a curriculum vitae to Carol Kolmerten, 
Chair, Hiring Committee, by November 3, 2008. We will interview selected 
candidates at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 

Hood College subscribes to a policy of hiring only individuals legally eligible 
to work in the United States. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. EOE. [R] 

Hood C 

English, 
401 Rosemont Av Frederick MD 21701 

Assistant Professor of British literature 4166 

http:// www .hood .edu 

We invite applications for a full time, tenure-track position in British literature 
beginning fall, 2009. As a small department, we seek a generalist 
who can teach British literature from the Augustan Age through postmodernism. 
We also seek someone eager to add to our sophomore-level 
“genre,” “theme,” and “author” courses, especially in interdisciplinary 
ways. 

We seek a candidate with a Ph.D. in hand and teaching experience. Please 
send a letter of application and a curriculum vitae to Mark Sandona, 
Chair, Department of English, 
by November 3, 2008. We will interview 
selected candidates at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 

Hood College subscribes to a policy of hiring only individuals legally eligible 
to work in the United States. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. EOE. [R] 

Loyola C 

Writing, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210 

Director of the Writing Center. Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor 
4348 

http:// www .loyola .edu 

The Writing Department of Loyola College seeks to hire a Director of the 
Writing Center whose essential duties will include full participation in the 
life of the department: teaching core and major courses including Writing 
Center Theory & Practice; advising majors; engaging in department 
and college service; undertaking academic scholarship related to writing 
centers and WAC. Writing Center duties will include administering the 
budget; collecting and creating student and faculty resources; hiring, preparing 
and supervising tutors; participating in the Writing Center/ Composition/ 
WAC scholarly community; and collaborating with the Director 
of Composition to promote WAC. 

Required Qualifications: Doctorate in appropriate area of study; Record 
of teaching excellence at the college level; Well-established record of 
writing scholarship in areas relevant to the position; Demonstrated success 
in writing program administration; Experience in writing-across-thecurriculum; 
Commitment to Jesuit education. 

Desired Qualifications: Study of a wide range of writing including creative, 
critical, and professional; Experience in preparation and supervision 
of peer tutors; Experience teaching first-year writing; Experience 
with multi-/ interdisciplinary initiatives; Appropriate levels of expertise 
with technology as a tool for research and the production of written and 
graphic text; Experience supporting ESL/ ELL graduate and undergraduate 
students. 

The Writing Center provides services to both undergraduate and graduate 
students. In addition to one-to-one student and faculty consultations, the 
LWC offers workshops for faculty and students on various writing topics, 
supports college-wide initiatives such as student orientations and faculty 
teaching workshops. Staffing includes undergraduate peer tutors, graduate 
student assistants, and writing instructors. For more information about, 
please visit the web site http:// www .loyola .edu/ writingcenter/ 

The Writing Department is an established department in the College of 
Arts and Sciences. It offers the first-year core writing course as well as 
upper-division courses to support the writing major. The department is 
actively engaged in college-wide initiatives such as the Diversity Course 
Requirement, Service Learning, and First-year academic programs. Writing 
faculty are active scholars and writers. See the department web site for 
more info: http:// www .loyola .edu/ writing 

Loyola College is a dynamic, highly selective, Jesuit Catholic institution 
in the liberal arts tradition and is recognized as a leading independent, 
comprehensive university in the northeastern United States. The main 
campus is located in a beautiful residential section of Baltimore, a vibrant 
and culturally diverse city, with Graduate Centers in Timonium and Columbia. 
Loyola enrolls over 3,500 students in its undergraduate programs 
and 2,400 students in its graduate programs. 

The College welcomes applicants from all backgrounds who can contribute 
to its educational mission. Loyola is an Equal Employment Opportunity 
Employer, 
and welcomes applications from underrepresented groups, 
regardless of religious affiliation. Additional information is available at 
http:// www .loyola .edu. 

Applicants should submit a cv, coverletter and list of references online at 
http:// www .loyola .edu/HR/Employment/. For more information contact 
Peggy O’Neill, Search Committee Chair at (410) 617-2404, or poneill1@ 
loyola .edu. [R] 

Saint John’s C 

Lib Arts, PO Box 2800 Annapolis MD 21404 

Tutor 3920 

http:// www .stjohnscollege .edu/ about/AN/faculty_ applicants .shtml 

St. John’s College, a great books liberal arts college, is seeking applicants 
for tenure track positions in Annapolis for 09–10, starting date July 1, 
2009. St. John’s offers bachelor’s and master’s degree programs based 
on the reading and discussion of great books (in philosophy, literature, 
mathematics, sciences, political theory, history, economics, theology and 
music). Faculty members, called “tutors,” are expected to teach throughout 
the all-required curriculum, with a 3/3 teaching load. Applicants 
should possess the rare combination of proven depth of inquiry and accomplishment 
in their studies (as may be evidenced by a Ph. D.) with a 
broad education and interests that extend beyond any particular specialization. 
The college places a strong emphasis on teaching, and seeks applicants 
committed to liberal education and willing to engage in shared 
inquiry in a seminar-discussion format. Starting salary: $55,247. Application 
deadline: January 15, 2009. For more information about the unique 
character of teaching at St. John’s and the application process, consult our 
Website at http:// www .stjohnscollege .edu/ about/AN/faculty_ applicants 
.shtml Applicants from any discipline may apply. 

Salisbury U 

English, 
1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English-
Poetry 3797 

http:// www .salisbury .edu/hr 

The English 
Department of Salisbury University seeks a qualified candidate 
in creative writing specializing in poetry for a tenure-track Assistant 



Professor position beginning August 15, 2009. Secondary areas of expertise 
are welcome. Three-course (12 hour) teaching load each semester. 
Terminal degree required, doctorate preferred, plus evidence of successful 
teaching skills and interest in service to the creative writing program, the 
department and the university. Substantial national publications preferred. 
Salisbury University is committed to fostering a diverse community that 
embraces faculty, staff, and students from all backgrounds. Salary competitive. 
Successful candidate must furnish proof of eligibility to work in 
the United States. Review of applicants will begin November 17, 2008, 
and continue until position is filled. MLA interviews. Send letter, vita, 
three letters of recommendation and evidence of teaching effectiveness to 
Dr. David Johnson, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Salisbury University, 1101 Camden Avenue, Salisbury, MD 21801. Salisbury 
University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity and 
is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer, 
providing equal 
employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, without 
regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, 
or sexual orientation. [R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 
1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English-
Fiction 3798 

http:// www .salisbury .edu/hr 

The English 
Department of Salisbury University seeks a qualified candidate 
in creative writing specializing in fiction for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position beginning August 15, 2009. Secondary areas of expertise 
are welcome. Three-course (12 hour) teaching load each semester. 
Terminal degree required, doctorate preferred, plus evidence of successful 
teaching skills and interest in service to the creative writing program, the 
department and the university. Substantial national publications preferred. 
Salisbury University is committed to fostering a diverse community that 
embraces faculty, staff, and students from all backgrounds. Salary competitive. 
Successful candidate must furnish proof of eligibility to work in 
the United States. Review of applicants will begin November 17, 2008, 
and continue until position is filled. MLA interviews. Send letter, vita, 
three letters of recommendation and evidence of teaching effectiveness 
to Dr. John Wenke, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Salisbury University, 1101 Camden Avenue, Salisbury, MD 21801. Salisbury 
University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity and 
is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer, 
providing equal 
employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, without 
regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, 
or sexual orientation. [R] 

Towson U 

English, 
8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of New Media 3643 

http:// www .towson .edu/ 

Tenure-track appointment starting August 2009. New Media specialist. 
Areas of specialization include New Media theory; digital, visual 
and web-based texts; and writing and communication in the digital age. 
Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment to teaching and 
evidence of a promising research agenda. Three-course load each semester 
for initial three-year appointment; load afterwards dependent upon 
scholarly productivity. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be conferred 
by time of appointment. Send cover letter and curriculum vitae to Professor 
Edwin Duncan, Chair, English 
Department, Towson University, 
8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 14 November 2008. 
Towson University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, 
persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Maryland Baltimore County 

English, 
1000 Hilltop Cir, Fine Arts 449 Baltimore MD 21250 

Assistant Professor of English 
3839 

http:// www .umbc .edu/ en glish 


Assistant Professor, tenure track, in British Eighteenth-Century 
Studies. 
The successful candidate will have Ph.D. in hand by August 2009, 
an active research agenda, and an excellent record of teaching. Teaching 
assignment is 2/3 with possibility of participating in a variety of interdisciplinary 
programs at both undergraduate and graduate levels. UMBC is a 
dynamic public research university located in the Baltimore-Washington 
corridor. The English 
Department offers two Major tracks, one in Literature 
and one in Communication and Technology. Please send letter 
and vita by November 1, 2008 to Jessica Berman, Chair, UMBC English 
Department, 1000 Hilltop Circle, Baltimore, MD 21250. UMBC is an 
equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and encourages applications 
from women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities. [R] 

US Naval Acad 

English, 
Sampson Hall 107 Maryland Av Annapolis MD 21402 

Assistant Professor of English 
4090 

http:// www .usna .edu/ En glishDept/ 


We anticipate (pending budgetary approval) tenure track positions at the 
assistant professor level in one or more of the following fields: 

Ethnic and Minority Literatures other than African American (not necessarily 
confined to the U.S.) 

World Literatures (western or non-western) 

Renaissance (with interest in Milton) 

Tenure track faculty teach courses at all levels of the curriculum, including 
sections of our introduction to literature and composition sequence. 
While that sequence is required of all first year students, we individually 
design our own sections. The Naval Academy also has a comprehensive 
major in English, 
beginning with required surveys in western literature. 
We are especially interested in candidates in the above f ields who are 
strongly committed to the teaching of writing. The positions begin in 
fall, 2009. 

Teaching Load: 9 hours/ semester. Ph.D. in literature by August, 2009 required. 


Letter and vita by November 7th to Allyson Booth, English 
Department, 
U.S. Naval Academy, 107 Maryland Avenue, Annapolis, MD 21402 

The United States Naval Academy is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer 
and provides reasonable accommodation to qualified applicants 
with disabilities. [R] 

Washington C 

English, 
300 Washington Av Chestertown MD 21620 

Assistant Professor of English—
First-Year Writing 4221 

http:// washcoll .edu 

The Washington College English 
Department seeks to hire a tenuretrack 
Assistant Professor with expertise and experience teaching first-year 
writing. The successful candidate will begin in the fall of 2009. Ph.D. required; 
evidence of teaching excellence on the college level and significant 
publication are expected. 3/3 load, including two sections of “Literature 
and Composition,” each semester; the remaining courses (distribution or 
upper-level courses) will be assigned in accordance with the candidate’s 
additional areas of specialization. Send electronic copies of a letter of application, 
c.v., names and contact information for three references, and a 
writing sample to Dr. Kathryn Moncrief, Chair, Department of English, 
Washington College (English_ 
Department@ washcoll .edu). Applications 
must be received by Nov. 1, 2008 for full consideration. Dossiers will be 
requested after initial screening; interviews of selected candidates will be 



held at the MLA convention. Washington College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Washington C 

English, 
300 Washington Av Chestertown MD 21620 

Assistant Professor of Englishâ€”
Creative Writing (Poetry) 4222 

http:// washcoll .edu 

The Washington College Department of English 
seeks to hire a tenuretrack 
Assistant Professor with specialization in creative writing (poetry). 
The successful candidate will begin teaching in the fall of 2009. A Ph.D. 
or M.F.A. in English 
or Creative Writing is required; evidence of teaching 
excellence on the college level and significant publication are expected. 
This position involves teaching a 3/3 load, including both introductory 
and advanced writing and literature courses. Send electronic copies of a 
letter of application, c.v., names and contact information for three references, 
and a writing sample to Dr. Kathryn Moncrief, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Washington College (English_ 
Department@ washcoll .edu). 
Applications must be received by Nov. 1, 2008 for full consideration. 
Dossiers will be requested after initial screening; interviews of selected 
candidates will be held at the MLA convention. Washington College is 
an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. 

Ma ssac husetts 

Amherst C 

English, 
PO Box 5000, Johnson Chapel Rm 1 Amherst MA 01002 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of Film and Media Studies 3950 

http:// https:// www .amherst .edu/ academiclife/ departments/ en glish 


The Amherst College Department of English 
invites applications for a 
full-time professorial appointment in Film and Media Studies that will 
begin in July 2009. The rank for this position is open. An appointment 
with tenure will be contingent upon tenure review. A junior appointment 
will be tenure-track. The position requires a Ph.D. degree, which may be 
granted from either a literary or a film study program. In either case, applicants 
should demonstrate principal study at the graduate level of some 
aspect of film history, theory, or criticism along with significant graduate 
experience in the study of literature. The successful candidate will offer 
courses in the English 
Department and in an anticipated interdepartmental 
major in film and media studies. We welcome applications from scholars 
with interests in narrative, documentary, experimental film, and/or 
film theory and poetics, as well as in world and transnational cinema. Applicants 
with experience in developing undergraduate curricula in film 
and media studies should describe that experience in their cover letter. 

Two courses to be offered each semester with additional senior tutorials; 
responsibilities include introductory courses, advanced seminars, and 
open-enrollment courses in film studies. Strong commitments to scholarship 
and to undergraduate teaching, especially to the teaching of writing 
and to working with a diverse student body, are essential. Letter of application, 
c.v., and dossier should be sent to Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
AC #2234, Amherst College, Amherst, MA 01002-5000. 
Candidates who submit their materials by November 1, 2008 will be assured 
of full consideration. 

Amherst is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men and 
women, with 1,600 students and a teaching faculty of 200. Located in the 
Connecticut River Valley of western Massachusetts, Amherst participates 
with Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University 
of Massachusetts in the Five College Consortium. More information 
about the College can be found at http:// www .amherst .edu. 

Amherst College has taken a leadership role among highly selective liberal 
arts colleges and universities in successfully diversifying the racial, socioeconomic, 
and geographic profile of its student body. The College now 
aims to enrich the diversity of its faculty, administration, and staff to ensure 
that full participation and inclusion become desired norms across the 
culture of the institution. Amherst aspires to become a learning community 
in which everyone, not just those individuals whom we identify with 
minority cultures or perspectives, is informed about and responsive to all 
aspects of diversity. [R] 

Amherst C 

Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought, 208 Clark House Amherst 
MA 01002 

Assistant Professor, Legal Theory and Global Studies 3629 

http:// www .amherst .edu 

The Department of Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought at Amherst 
College invites applications for a half-time, tenure-track assistant professor 
in legal theory and global studies. The department’s major focuses 
upon the cultural, interpretive, institutional, theoretical, historical, and 
cross-cultural aspects of law. Applicants must be able to teach a survey 
course and specialized courses in legal theory as well as specialized courses 
in one or more of the following: law and globalization, human rights, 
international legal institutions, and changing conceptions of sovereignty, 
citizenship and identity. Additional interest in one or more of the following 
is desirable: continental theory, liberal thought, the intersections of 
legal theory and cultural forms, and rhetorical and literary perspectives. 

At Amherst College a half-time position entails teaching one course per 
semester, supervising honors work, advising, and participating in the life 
of the department and the College. Applications are welcome from persons 
with a J.D. only as well as from those holding a Ph.D. in literary 
or cultural studies, anthropology, history, sociology, political science, 
religion, or philosophy. Applicants should send a letter describing their 
background and interest, curriculum vitae, a sample of their scholarship, 
and three letters of recommendation to Professor Nasser Hussain c/o Academic 
Department Coordinator, Department of Law, Jurisprudence, and 
Social Thought, Amherst College, Amherst, MA. 01002. Applications received 
by October 15, 2008, will be given full consideration. 

Amherst College is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men 
and women, with 1,600 students and 200 faculty members. Located in 
the Connecticut River Valley of western Massachusetts, Amherst participates 
with Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University 
of Massachusetts in the Five-College Consortium. For all faculty 
positions, completion of the Ph.D. or appropriate equivalent is expected. 
Candidates should have a strong commitment to undergraduate and interdisciplinary 
teaching in a liberal arts context, and a well-articulated plan 
for sustained research. 

Amherst College has taken a leadership role among highly selective liberal 
arts colleges and universities in successfully diversifying the racial, socioeconomic, 
and geographic profile of its student body. The College now 
aims to enrich the diversity of its faculty, administration, and staff to ensure 
that full participation and inclusion become desired norms across the 
culture of the institution. Amherst aspires to become a learning community 
in which everyone, not just those individuals whom we identify with 
minority cultures or perspectives, is informed about and responsive to all 
aspects of diversity. [R] 

Amherst C 

Women’s and Gender Studies, PO Box 5000, Johnson Chapel Rm 1 
Amherst MA 01002 

Open-Rank Position in Gender and Media in the Global South 3571 

The Amherst College Women’s and Gender Studies Department invites 
applications for a full-time tenure-track or tenured appointment in Gender 
and Media in the Global South to begin in the Fall of 2009. The position 
requires a completed Ph.D. in one of the humanities disciplines or 
from an interdisciplinary program with a strong humanities component, 
such as Women’s Studies, Ethnic Studies, Cultural Studies, Film/ Media 
Studies and the various Area Studies. We would also entertain applications 
from a person with a Ph.D. degree in a social science discipline (e.g., 



anthropology and sociology) if that person has a strong interdisciplinary 
humanities focus, though our already existing strengths in History and 
Political Science would likely preclude hiring in those two fields. We particularly 
welcome applications from comparativists and scholars whose 
primary focus is gender and media in Africa and the Middle East, though 
applicants whose specialty is Latin America or Asia will also receive serious 
consideration. 

The teaching load is two courses per semester. All members of the Women’s 
and Gender Studies department participate in teaching required core 
courses (currently these are the Cross-cultural Construction of Gender; 
and Gender Theory), in addition to teaching courses in their area of expertise 
and overseeing honors theses. Consequently the successful candidate 
will need a good grounding in the interdisciplinary field of women’s 
and gender studies. The department also places a strong emphasis on 
teaching students to write clearly and well, and would welcome applicants 
with compositional experience. Strong commitments to scholarship and 
to undergraduate teaching, especially to working with a diverse student 
body, are essential. 

A letter of application that outlines the candidate’s scholarly and teaching 
interests, a c.v., and a one-page description (or, alternately, a syllabus) 
of an interdisciplinary course the candidate would like to teach that is, 
broadly speaking, in the topic-area of Gender and Media in the Global 
South, should be sent to: Search Committee, Department of Women’s and 
Gender Studies, Box 2257, Amherst College, Amherst, MA 01002-5000. 
Candidates should also arrange for three letters of recommendation to be 
sent directly to the Search Committee. All materials should be received 
by October 31, 2008. Inquiries may be directed to Amy Ford, Academic 
Department Coordinator, Women’s and Gender Studies Department, 
wags@ amherst .edu. 

The Amherst College Women’s and Gender Studies Department, founded 
in 1987, is committed to inclusion, diversity and a high standard of interdisciplinary 
scholarship and instruction. We benefit from our location in 
the Connecticut River Valley, which boasts one of the largest concentrations 
of women’s studies scholars in the world, and we also maintain 
linkages with the Five College Women’s Studies Research Center and the 
Amherst College Center for Community Engagement. [R] 

Boston U 

English, 
236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of Early American literature 3611 

http:// www.bu.edu/ en glish/ 


The Department is seeking to fill a position starting in September 2009 
in Early American literature at the rank of Assistant Professor (pending 
budgetary approval). We shall be especially interested in candidates with a 
transatlantic and/or hemispheric perspective, and candidates who can also 
teach broad surveys of American literature. Send letter, vita, and 2-page 
description of dissertation or major publications by 1 November to Professor 
John Matthews, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
236 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Boston U 

English, 
236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of British Romanticism 3610 

http:// www.bu.edu/ en glish/ 


The Department is seeking to fill a position starting in September 2009 
in British Romanticism at the rank of Assistant Professor (pending budgetary 
approval). We shall be especially interested in candidates with a 
transatlantic and/or comparatist perspective, and candidates who can also 
teach broad surveys of British literature. Send letter, vita, and 2-page description 
of dissertation or major publications by 1 November to Professor 
David Wagenknecht, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
236 Bay State Road, Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Boston U 

English, 
236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of Anglophone literature 3609 

http:// www.bu.edu/ en glish/ 


The Department is seeking to fill a position starting in September 2009 in 
world literature in English 
(“Anglophone Literature”) at the rank of Assistant 
Professor (pending budgetary approval). The successful candidate 
can expect to teach the second half of our survey course in British literature, 
as well as advanced courses in Anglophone literature. The ability 
to participate in other programs, such as African studies or Comparative 
Literature, is also desirable. Send letter, vita, and 2-page description of 
dissertation or major publications by 1 November to Professor Laurence 
Breiner, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
236 Bay State 
Road, Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Clark U 

English, 
950 Main St Worcester MA 01610 

Assistant or Associate Professor of African American Literature 3716 

http:// www .clarku .edu 

The English 
Department at Clark University seeks candidates for a tenure-
track position at the assistant or associate professor level for the E. 
Franklin Frazier Chair in African American literature, theory, and culture. 
Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate courses in African 
American literature and upper division and masters-level seminars in the 
candidate’s specialty. Qualified candidates will have the Ph.D. in hand 
by September 1, 2009 as well as demonstrated excellence in teaching and 
scholarship. Applicants should provide a current curriculum vita, two 
writing samples and at least three letters of recommendation. Materials 
can be sent electronically to englishsearch@ 
clarku .edu; candidates submitting 
hard copy should mail materials to Virginia M. Vaughan, Chair, 
English 
Department, Clark University, 950 Main St. Worcester, MA 
01610-1477. Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail and screening 
of applications will begin November 1. AA/EOE Minorities and Women 
are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Framingham SC 

English, 
PO Box 9101, 100 State St Framingham MA 01701 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
Education (Secondary) and 
Literature 4325 

http:// www .framingham .edu 

The English 
Department is seeking applicants for a tenure-track position, 
to begin September 2009, to teach English 
education, literature, and firstyear 
composition. Candidates must have a Ph.D. in literature; secondary 
teaching certification and experience; evidence of scholarly accomplishment; 
and demonstrated excellence in teaching literature and technologyassisted 
composition courses. The primary responsibilities of this position 
are preparing students in methods of teaching English 
and supervising student 
teachers. We are seeking candidates who are also strongly committed 
to teaching undergraduate writing and literature courses. The teaching 
load is 3/3; supervision of four student teachers equals one course. 

Please send a letter and vita to http:// framingham .interviewexchange .com; 
and a dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript, to 
Professor Elaine Beilin, Chair, English 
Department, Framingham State 
College, 100 State Street, Framingham, MA 01701 by November 1, 
2008. Semi-f inalists will be asked to submit a half-hour video of one 
of their classes by January 5, 2009; finalists will be invited to campus. 
Framingham State College is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
[R] 



Gordon C 

English, 
255 Grapevine Rd Wenham MA 01984 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
literature 4239 

http:// www .gordon .edu. 

Gordon College’s English 
Department seeks applicants with a specialization 
in 19th-Century 
British Literature for a tenure-track position at 
the Assistant or Associate Professor level. Secondary interests in literary 
criticism, African literature, or postcolonial literature will be appreciated. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by August 2009. 

The successful candidate is expected to embrace the mission of integrating 
faith and learning and be willing to teach core curriculum, British literature 
surveys, and upper-division courses, with a 3/3 load. Candidates 
should demonstrate potential for excellence in teaching and scholarship 
and be enthusiastically committed to teaching undergraduates at a college 
committed to historic evangelical Christianity. Other responsibilities include 
committee service, mentoring and advising students and participating 
in scholarly, departmental, and college activities. 

Gordon College is a member of the elite Annapolis Group, a consortium 
of the nation’s leading liberal arts institutions and among the premiere 
Christian liberal arts colleges in the country. Gordon offers excellent 
academics, a strong sense of community and an atmosphere of open intellectual 
inquiry and personal responsibility within the framework of 
Christian faith. Gordon College is located in a classic New England 
town 
on Boston’s North Shore. 

Please submit letter of application, vita with references, sample of academic 
writing, and a two-page statement of Christian commitment and 
its implications for scholarship and teaching via U.S mail by Nov. 14th 
to Dr. Kina Mallard, Academic Dean, Gordon College, 255 Grapevine 
Road, Wenham, MA 01984. We plan to interview at the MLA Convention 
in San Francisco. 

For more information visit our web page at www .gordon .edu. 

Harvard U 

English, 
12 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138 

Briggs-Copeland Lecturer on Fiction 3803 

http:// www .harvard .edu 

The Department of English 
at Harvard University invites applications for 
an appointment, to begin July 1, 2009, as Briggs-Copeland Lecturer on 
Fiction. The appointee to this five-year untenured position will have responsibility 
for teaching two undergraduate writing workshops per term. 
At least one book (or the equivalent) plus significant teaching experience 
is expected. Send a letter of application, resume, and writing sample, plus 
two letters of recommendation regarding teaching, postmarked no later 
than January 5, 2009, to “Creative Writing Search” c/o James Engell, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Harvard University, 12 Quincy Street, 
Cambridge, MA 02138. Interviews will be held in late February. Complete 
applications will be acknowledged by postcard once all materials 
have been received. Harvard is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Applications from women and minorities are strongly encouraged. 
[R] 

Harvard U 

English, 
12 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138 

Tenure-track assistant or associate professor in Renaissance and Early 
Modern British literature 4299 

http:// www .harvard .edu 

Harvard University. The Department of English 
seeks to appoint a tenure-
track assistant or tenure-track associate professor in Renaissance and 
Early Modern British literature to begin July 1, 2009. 

A strong doctoral record is required and a convincing record of publication 
and teaching is desirable. Finalists will be expected to submit in 
December the entire dissertation or as much of it as is completed (or, alternatively, 
a book-length publication). The successful candidate will 
teach four courses per year at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 

Send cover letter, CV, 1–2 page abstract of dissertation, dossier, and article-
length writing sample (2530 
pages), all postmarked no later than October 
27, 2008, to “Junior Search Committee,” c/o James Engell, Chair, 
Department of English, 
Harvard University, Barker Center 12 
Quincy 
Street, Cambridge MA 02138. Late applications will not be considered. 
Complete applications will be acknowledged by postcard once all materials 
have been received. Harvard is an Affirmative Action/ Equal opportunity 
Employer. 
Applications from women and minorities are strongly 
encouraged. [R] 

Harvard U 

Expository Writing, 8 Prescott St Cambridge MA 02138 

Preceptor in Expository Writing 4321 

http:// www .fas .harvard .edu/ ~expos 

The Expository Writing Program at Harvard University hires several preceptors 
each year from a variety of disciplines. Each preceptor develops 
a writing course on an academic topic, and teaches two sections per semester 
of fifteen students per section. Salary and benefits are competitive. 
Contracts are for one year, renewable for five years. Preference will be 
given to candidates with Ph.D.s in academic disciplines that are taught at 
Harvard College; who have college teaching experience; and who demonstrate 
a lively interest in issues of writing pedagogy. 

For information on the application process and requirements, please see 

http:// isites .harvard .edu/ icb/ icb .do?keyword=k24101&pageid=icb 
.page122980 

Applications are due November 6th, addressed to Hiring Committee, Expository 
Writing Program, 8 Prescott Street, Cambridge, MA 02138. Applications 
will not be accepted via email or facsimile. 

Screening interviews will be held at MLA and on campus. 

You can learn more about the program at 

http:// www .fas .harvard .edu/ ~expos 

Harvard University is an equal opportunity and aff irmative action 
employer. 
The University and Program have a strong commitment to diversity 
among faculty and staff, and we encourage applications from under-
represented groups. 

Merrimack C 

English, 
315 Turnpike St North Andover MA 01845 

Assistant Professor of English 
4416 

http:// www .merrimack .edu 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track, Modern and Contemporary American 
Literature. A Ph. D. in English 
with specialization in Modern and 
Contemporary American Literature. We seek candidates with a demonstrated 
commitment to excellence in teaching and scholarship. Successful 
candidate will teach upper-level courses in Modern and Contemporary 
American Literature (including poetry) as well as lower-level American 
literature survey, introductory literature, and first-year composition 
courses. Teaching load is three 4-credit courses per semester. Send (in 
hard copy only) application letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to Marie Plasse, Chair, English 
Department, Merrimack College, 
315 Turnpike St., North Andover, MA. 01845. Review of applications 
will begin on October 15 and continue until position is filled. Dossiers 
will be requested after initial screening. Interviews of selected candidates 
at MLA. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 



Smith C 

English, 
Seelye Hall Northampton MA 01063 

Assistant Professor of English 
(Literatures of the African Diaspora) 3861 

http:// www .smith .edu 

The Smith College English 
department invites applications for a tenuretrack 
position in the literatures of the African Diaspora at the rank of assistant 
professor to begin in September 2009. Candidates should work in 
at least two of the following fields: Anglophone African, Black British, 
Anglophone Caribbean, and African-American literatures. We will give 
some preference to those able to work across historical periods. For the 
first two years of this tenure-track appointment, the successful candidate 
will hold a McPherson postdoctoral fellowship with a reduced teaching 
load of one course per semester. Applicants should send a cover letter and 
CV to Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Pierce Hall, 
Smith College, Northampton, MA 01063. The committee will begin 
reading applications on November 3, 2008. Smith College is an equal opportunity 
employer 
encouraging excellence through diversity. 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 
Bartlett Hall 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Assistant Professor of English 
3724 

http:// www .umass .edu/ en glish 


Assistant Professor, tenure track, to begin Fall 2009. Focus on dramatic 
literature and performance. Preference given to specialization in one or 
more of the following areas: African American, Asian American, Native 
American, Caribbean, Commonwealth drama or Performance Studies. 
The successful candidate will develop and teach a variety of undergraduate 
and graduate drama courses, including survey courses in Modern and 
Contemporary drama, and be conversant with interdisciplinary approaches 
to literature and contemporary theories of performance. Qualifications: 
Ph.D., relevant scholarship, and demonstrated potential for excellence in 
teaching. Salary commensurate with qualifications. Priority deadline is 
November 14, 2008. Send applications (three letters of recommendation, 
vita, sample of written work) to Chair, Dramatic Literature and Performance 
Search Committee, c/o Meg Caulmare, Department of English, 
Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, 
MA 01003-9269. The English 
Department is committed to developing 
a more diverse faculty, student body, and curriculum. UMass Amherst is 
a member of the Five College Consortium along with Amherst, Smith, 
Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also a member of the 
Academic Career Network, a resource for dual career couples. The University 
of Massachusetts is an Aff irmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to 
apply. www .umass .edu/ en glish 
[R] 

U of Massachusetts, Boston 

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Assistant or Associate Professor English 
Education 3633 

http:// www .umb .edu 

English 
Department 

Tenure-track position for a specialist in the pedagogy of English 
Studies 
beginning September 2009 at a lively urban university with strong 
commitment to teacher training and development in a department with 
over 400 undergraduate majors and over 100 master’s students in literature, 
composition and creative writing. Strong candidates will have 
a substantial knowledge of literature as well as pedagogy and be able to 
apply this knowledge to the challenges of urban education. Experience in 
K-12 teaching and the uses of technology in the classroom are desirable. 
Candidates must have Ph.D./Ed.D. in hand by August 2009. Responsibilities 
include teaching and developing lower-division and major courses 
and graduate seminars; advising English 
education students at all levels; 
and serving as liaison to colleagues in our Graduate College of Education 
and to K-12 schools. Applications must be received by November 1. 
Send cover letter, CV, writing sample of no more than 20 pages, and three 
letters of reference to Professor Vivian Zamel, Recruiting Committee 
Chair—Search# 10911, English 
Department, University of Massachusetts 
Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 02125. We are an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX employer. 
[R] 

U of Massachusetts, Boston 

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Film Studies 3635 

http:// www .umb .edu 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 

Tenure track position for a specialist in Film Studies beginning in September 
2009 at a lively urban university with over 400 undergraduate majors 
and over 100 master’s students in literature, composition and creative 
writing. Strong candidates will possess interdisciplinary and transnational 
perspectives on cinema. Interest in narrative as well as documentary and 
experimental film is desirable. Qualified candidates for this position will 
also be able to design courses suitable for cross-listing in an expanding 
Communication Studies Program. Candidates must have Ph.D. in hand 
by August 2009. Responsibilities include teaching and developing lower 
division and major courses, graduate seminars, and courses for Communication 
Studies. Secondary areas of expertise are of interest to us and 
should be described. Applications must be received by November 1. Send 
cover letter, CV, writing sample of no more than 20 pages, and three letters 
of reference to Professor Robert Crossley, Recruiting Committee 
Chairâ€”Search# 10910, English 
Department, University of Massachusetts 
Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 02125. We are an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX employer. 
[R] 

U of Massachusetts, Boston 

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
Education 3855 

http:// www .interviewexchange .com/ jobofferdetails .jsp?JOBID=10911 

The Department of English 
at the University of Massachusetts Boston invites 
applications for a tenure track position for a specialist in the pedagogy 
of English 
Studies beginning in September 2009 at a lively urban 
university with strong commitment to teacher training and development 
in a department with over 400 undergraduate majors and over 100 master’s 
students in literature, composition and creative writing. Strong candidates 
will have a substantial knowledge of literature as well as pedagogy 
and be able to apply this knowledge to the challenges of urban education. 
Experience in K-12 teaching and the uses of technology in the classroom 
are desirable. Responsibilities include teaching and developing lower division 
and major courses and graduate seminars; advising English 
Education 
students at all levels; and serving as liaison to colleagues in our Graduate 
College of Education and to K-12 schools. 

Requirements: 

Candidates must have a Ph.D./Ed.D. in hand by August 2009. 

Applications must be received by November 1 2008. Send cover letter, 
CV, writing sample of no more than 20 pages, and three letters of reference 
to: Professor Vivian Zamel, Recruiting Committee Chair Search 
#10911, English 
Department University of Massachusetts Boston 100 
Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 02125 

UMASS Boston is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX employer. 


U of Massachusetts, Boston 

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 3856 

http:// www .interviewexchange .com/ jobofferdetails .jsp?JOBID=10910 

The Department of English 
at the University of Massachusetts Boston invites 
applications for a tenure track position for a specialist in Film Studies 



beginning in September 2009 at a lively urban university with over 400 
undergraduate majors and over 100 master’s students in literature, composition 
and creative writing. Strong candidates will possess interdisciplinary 
and transnational perspectives on cinema. Interest in narrative as well 
as documentary and experimental film is desirable. Qualified candidates 
for this position will also be able to design courses suitable for cross-listing 
in an expanding Communication Studies Program. Responsibilities include 
teaching and developing lower division and major courses, graduate 
seminars, and courses for Communication Studies. Secondary areas of expertise 
are of interest to us and should be described. 

Requirements: 

Candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by August 2009. 

Applications must be received by November 1 2008. Send cover letter, 
CV, writing sample of no more than 20 pages, and three letters of reference 
to: Professor Robert Crossley, Recruiting Committee Chair Search 
#10910, English 
Department University of Massachusetts Boston 100 
Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 02125 

UMASS Boston is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX employer. 


Westfield SC 

English, 
PO Box 1630 577 Western Av Westfield MA 01086 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Rhetoric and Professional Writing 4140 

http:// www .wsc.ma.edu 

Westfield State College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor to begin in the Fall 2009, with a commitment to teaching business 
writing and the ability to contribute in one or more of the following 
areas: writing center administration, new media, Web-based writing and 
digital rhetoric. Normal teaching load of four courses per semester. Salary 
competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. Minimum 
qualifications: PhD in English, 
rhetoric or closely related field. 

Applications postmarked by November 15 will be considered for interviews 
at MLA. 

AN ONLINE APPLICATION IS REQUIRED: Please visit http:// jobs 
.wsc.ma.edu to review a more detailed job description and minimum 
qualifications, submit on online applications, and attach required documents. 
If you need assistance, please call 413-572-8158. 

Westfield State College is committed to building a culturally diverse faculty 
and staff dedicated to teaching and working in a multicultural environment. 
The college strongly encourages applications from women, 
minorities, and individuals with disabilities. [R] 

Westfield SC 

English, 
PO Box 1630 577 Western Av Westfield MA 01086 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Writing across the Curriculum 4147 

http:// www .wsc.ma.edu 

Westfield State College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor beginning Fall 2009, to teach writing courses and coordinate 
writing-across-the-curriculum initiatives. Additional interest in writing 
center administration and/or business and other professional writing 
courses welcome. Normal teaching load of four courses per semester. Salary 
competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Minimum qualifications: PhD in English, 
rhetoric or closely related field. 

Applications postmarked by November 15 will be considered for interviews 
at MLA. 

AN ONLINE APPLICATION IS REQUIRED: Please visit http:// jobs 
.wsc.ma.edu to review a more detailed job description and minimum 
qualifications, submit an online application, and attach required documents. 
If you need assistance, please call 413-572-8158. 

Westfield State College is committed to building a culturally diverse faculty 
and staff dedicated to teaching and working in a multicultural environment. 
The college strongly encourages applications from women, 
minorities, and individuals with disabilities. [R] 

Mic higa n 

Alma C 

English, 
614 W Superior Alma MI 48801 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Digital Rhetoric and Composition 4190 

http:// www .alma .edu/ jobs 

The Alma College English 
Department invites applications for a full-time 
tenure-track appointment at the Assistant or Associate Professor level to 
begin fall 2009. We seek a specialist in digital rhetoric and composition 
with expertise in integrating technology into the classroom. Secondary 
field is open but may include media studies or technical/ professional communication. 


Position requires a Ph.D. or ABD in English 
Composition/ Rhetoric, relevant 
teaching experience, and an active research agenda. Demonstrated 
expertise in new media studies is desirable; a Ph.D. is required for tenuretrack 
appointment. The ideal candidate will have a commitment to liberal 
arts education at the undergraduate level in an environment emphasizing 
close faculty-student interaction. Development of interdisciplinary applications 
is encouraged. Standard load is six courses per year and may include 
direction of the writing center. 

Send letter of application and vita to Chih-Ping Chen and Robert Vivian, 
Co-Chairs, English 
Department, Alma College, 614 W Superior, Alma, 
MI 48801. Review of applications will begin November 3, 2008 and continue 
until the position is filled. 

Alma College is a selective Phi Beta Kappa liberal-arts institution located 
in central Michigan. An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Alma is committed 
to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty, staff and student body. 
For more information about the College and available positions, visit 
www .alma .edu/ jobs. 

Central Michigan U 

English 
Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 3873 

http:// www .chsbs .cmich .edu/ En glish/ 


Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall 
2009. Course load is 3/3. This position requires a Ph.D. in English 
or 
related field by August 2009, as well as the expertise and ability to teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses in English 
Literature before 1800, 
with a focus on Early Modern non-dramatic literature, and undergraduate 
courses in composition. Familiarity with other national literatures of 
the Early Modern period desirable, including those relating to Atlantic 
literatures and cultures. Ability to teach undergraduate introduction to 
Shakespeare required. Demonstrated evidence of effective teaching and 
an active research program are required. Send application, curriculum 
vita, writing sample, copies of transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. 
Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, 
Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening of applications 
will begin on October 20, 2008, and continue until filled. Interviews 
will be held at the Modern Language Association Convention. 
CMU is a doctoral research university with opportunities for leadership 
and involvement for its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly 
and actively strives to increase diversity within its community (see www 
.cmich .edu/ aaeo/). [R] 

Central Michigan U 

English 
Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of World Literature 3878 

http:// www .chsbs .cmich .edu/ En glish/ 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall 2009. Course 
load is 3/3. Focus on literature of the Americas; appropriate areas of research 
and teaching expertise might include South, Central, and/or 



Caribbean 
literatures, New World studies, Latina/o, and Francophone 
literatures. Ph.D. in English, 
Spanish, French, comparative literature, or 
related field required, as well as demonstrated evidence of effective teaching 
and an active research program. Send application, curriculum vita, 
writing sample, copies of transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. Marcy 
Taylor, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, Central 
Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening of applications 
will begin on October 20, 2008, and continue until filled. Interviews will 
be held at the Modern Language Association Convention. CMU is a doctoral 
research university with opportunities for leadership and involvement 
for its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented groups are 
encouraged to apply. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly and actively 
strives to increase diversity within its community (see www .cmich .edu/ 
aaeo/). [R] 

Central Michigan U 

English 
Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing: Fiction 3877 

http:// www .chsbs .cmich .edu/ En glish/ 


Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall 
2009. Course load is 3/3. This position requires a Ph.D. or M.F.A. in English, 
Creative Writing, or related field by August 2009, as well as the 
expertise and ability to teach undergraduate and graduate fiction writing 
workshops and contemporary literature and composition courses. 
Additional expertise in playwriting, screenwriting, creative nonfiction, 
or non-western literature desirable. Send application, curriculum vitae, 
transcripts, writing sample of at least twenty pages, and letters of reference 
to Dr. Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, 
Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening of 
applications will begin on October 20, 2008, and continue until filled. 
CMU is a doctoral research university with opportunities for leadership 
and involvement for its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly 
and actively strives to encourage diversity within its community (see 
www .cmich .edu/ aaeo/) 

Central Michigan U 

English 
Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of Children’s Literature 3875 

http:// www .chsbs .cmich .edu/ En glish/ 


Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall 
2009. Course load is 3/3. This position requires a Ph.D. in English 
or 
related field by August 2009, as well as the expertise and ability to teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses in Children’s Literature, and undergraduate 
courses in composition. Demonstrated evidence of effective 
teaching and an active research program are required. Additional specialty 
in World Literature desirable. Send application, curriculum vita, writing 
sample, copies of transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, 
Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, Central Michigan 
University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening of applications will 
begin on October 20, 2008, and continue until filled. CMU is a doctoral 
research university with opportunities for leadership and involvement for 
its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly and actively strives to increase 
diversity within its community (see www .cmich .edu/ aaeo/). [R] 

Central Michigan U 

English 
Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of Educational Linguistics/ TESOL 3870 

http:// www .chsbs .cmich .edu/ En glish/ 


Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall 
2009. Course load is 3/3. This position requires a Ph.D. in Applied Linguistics, 
English 
or related f ield by August 2009, as well as the expertise 
and ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in linguistics 
and TESOL, and undergraduate courses in composition. Familiarity with 
second language acquisition and writing discourse/ text linguistics is required. 
Demonstrated evidence of effective teaching and an active research 
program are required. Send application, curriculum vita, writing 
sample, copies of transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, 
Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, Central Michigan 
University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening of applications will 
begin on October 20, 2008, and continue until filled. CMU is a doctoral 
research university with opportunities for leadership and involvement for 
its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly and actively strives to increase 
diversity within its community (see www .cmich .edu/ aaeo/). [R] 

Grand Valley SU 

Writing, 1 Campus Dr, Lake Ontario Hall Allendale MI 49401 

Assistant Professor of Writing 3714 

http:// www .gvsu .edu/ writing 

Writing and Rhetoric: The Department of Writing at Grand Valley State 
University is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor (specialty open) in 
rhetoric and writing beginning August, 2009. A Ph.D. in English, 
Professional 
Writing, Rhetoric/ Composition, or Writing is required by time of 
employment. The typical teaching load is 3 courses per semester. 

Candidates are required to have expertise in one or more of the following 
areas: applied rhetorical analysis, cultural rhetoric, professional writing, 
technical communication, or digital and visual rhetoric. In addition, 
study or experience in document production and design, nonf iction, 
genre study or style is a plus. 

Please see our website for details about our curriculum and the teaching 
assignments associated with rhet/ comp and professional writing faculty. 
The Department of Writing (170 writing majors) offers a unique and dynamic 
undergraduate degree program offering a B.A. in Writing, with 
emphases in both creative and professional writing that encourage multigenre 
study. The University (24,000 students) is part of a thriving Greater 
Grand Rapids community (pop.550,000). 

All candidates should have a promising record of teaching, publication, 
and service in a university setting. 

How To Apply: Apply online at http:// www .gvsujobs .org. Include CV 
and cover letter addressed to Professor Dan Royer. The online application 
system will allow you to attach these documents electronically. If 
you need assistance or have questions, call Human Resources at 616-331- 
2215. 

Grand Valley SU 

Writing, 1 Campus Dr, Lake Ontario Hall Allendale MI 49401 

Assistant Professor Creative Writing 3876 

http:// www .gvsu .edu/ writing 

Creative Writing: The Department of Writing at Grand Valley State University 
is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor in creative writing beginning 
August, 2009. A Ph.D. or MFA in creative writing is required by 
time of employment. The typical teaching load is 3 courses per semester. 

The ideal candidate will specialize in nonfiction with a secondary interest 
in poetry. Multiple secondary interests are a plus. Please see our website 
for details about our curriculum and the range of writing courses that we 
offer. 

The Department of Writing (170 writing majors) offers a unique and dynamic 
undergraduate degree program offering a B.A. in Writing, with 
emphases in both creative and professional writing that encourage multigenre 
study. The University (24,000 students) is part of a thriving Greater 
Grand Rapids community (pop.550,000). 

All candidates should have a promising record of teaching, publication, 
and service in a university setting. 



How To Apply: Apply online at http:// www .gvsujobs .org. Include CV 
and cover letter addressed to Professor Dan Royer. The online application 
system will allow you to attach these documents electronically. If 
you need assistance or have questions, call Human Resources at 616-331- 
2215. 

Kettering U 

Lib Studies, 1700 W Third Av Flint MI 48504 

Assistant Professor of Communication 4169 

http:// www .kettering .edu 

Kettering University seeks qualified applicants for a tenure-track position 
in the Department of Liberal Studies. Ph.D. in English, 
rhetoric or composition 
is required. Responsibilities include teaching first and third year 
written and oral communication courses, teaching advanced electives, engaging 
in research, and university service. All qualified applicants are encouraged 
to apply; preference will be given to those with one or more of 
the following: professional writing experience, expertise/ interest in green 
studies, expertise/ interest in leadership studies. Applicants must provide 
evidence of teaching excellence and potential for scholarly productivity. 
University certif ied proof of completion of all Ph.D. requirements by 
June 1, 2009 is required. Apply by completing application at https:// jobs 
.Kettering .edu/ applicants. Request 3 letters of recommendation be sent to 
Mark Gellis, Department of Liberal Studies, Kettering University, 1700 
Third Ave., Flint, MI 48504 by November 17, 2008. [R] 

Michigan SU 

Dean’s Office in the College of Arts and Letters, 319 Linton Hall East 
Lansing MI 48824 

Director Center for the Support of Language Teaching 3672 

Tenure System, 12 month appointment, 100% time Starting date: August 
16, 2009 

The Dean’s Off ice in the College of Arts & Letters at Michigan State 
University seeks a Director for its newly-established Center for the Support 
of Language Teaching. The successful candidate will be tenured (at 
the rank of Associate Professor or Professor) in one of the three Language 
Departments at Michigan State University: 1) French, Classics, and Italian; 
2) Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, Asian and African Languages; 3) 
Spanish and Portuguese. The mission of the Center is to coordinate and 
assist with the implementation of language-related activities in the College 
of Arts & Letters and to promote global awareness amongst language 
students in the College. The goal is to enhance and streamline language 
instruction in and outside of the classroom across the language units, with 
the ultimate result being an improved instructional environment for all 
languages. 

The duties of the Director are to oversee all activities associated with the 
Center. This includes providing vision for future activities within the university 
and outreach activities that involve the local community. It is anticipated 
that the new Center will provide a focal point for foreign/ second 
language research and practice at Michigan State University. In addition 
to the responsibilities of the Directorship, the Director will teach graduate 
courses in his/ her area of expertise. These courses will be directed at 
graduate students in the College whose language backgrounds span the 
languages of the College. 

Qualif ications: The successful candidate will have a Ph.D. in Second 
Language Studies, Applied Linguistics or closely-related f ield and extensive 
research experience in Second Language Studies or in any of the 
languages taught at MSU. In addition to the candidate s particular area 
of research expertise, it is anticipated that the new Director will have a 
background in one or more of the focal areas of the Center (Technology, 
Curriculum, Co-Curricular activities, Cultural/ literature integration, 
Assessment, Professional Development). 

Review of applications will begin on October 24, 2008 about this date 
and continue until the position has been filled. Applicants should send a 
CV (including a list of references) and a letter that addresses the requirements 
of this position to Chair, Search Committee for Director of Center 
for the Support of Language Teaching, Department of Linguistics 
and Germanic, Slavic, Asian, and African Languages, A-631 Wells Hall, 
Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824-1044. 

MSU is an aff irmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
MSU is 
strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. 
The university actively encourages applications and/or nominations of 
women, persons of color, veterans and person with disabilities. 

Michigan Tech U 

Humanities, 1400 Townsend Dr Houghton MI 49931 

Chair, Department of Humanities 4006 

http:// www.hu.mtu .edu 

The Department of Humanities at Michigan Technological University 
invites applications for the position of Chair to begin in the 2009–10 academic 
year. We seek an individual with the vision and ability to lead a 
highly interdisciplinary department, continue the department’s prominence 
in scholarship, strengthen our doctoral program and undergraduate 
majors, and further our strong tradition of educational excellence. 

Candidates should have an active and current research program, be committed 
to interdisciplinary inquiry, and have administrative experience. 
Send letter of application, vita, four letters of reference, and a statement of 
administrative philosophy to the Chair Search Committee, Department 
of Humanities, Michigan Technological University, 1400 Townsend 
Drive, Houghton, MI 49931-1295. Review of applications will begin on 
October 1 and continue until the position is filled. For more information, 
see http:// www.hu.mtu .edu/hu_dept/ announcements/ chair .html. 

Michigan Technological University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Educational Institution/ Employer. [R] 

U of Michigan 

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S. State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Helen Herzog Zell Visiting Professorship in Creative Writing in Fiction 3582 

http:// www .umich .edu/ en glish 


The Helen Herzog Zell Visiting Professorship in Creative Writing visiting 
appointment in fiction. Three year appointment (through April 30, 
2012), with potential renewal for two additional years (through April 30, 
2014). Candidates should be emerging writers (no more than one or two 
books published or under contract) who have achieved distinction in their 
writing and excellence in their teaching or who have demonstrated the 
promise of such distinction and excellence. Send letter of application, c.v. 
and short writing sample (25 pages) by November 10, 2008 to Professor 
Sidonie Smith, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, 
University of Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University of Michigan 
is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
[R] 

U of Michigan 

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S. State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor 4255 

http:// www .umich .edu/ ~en glish 


Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor, starting date September 2009, 
university-year appointment, pending approval. 

The English 
Department at the University of Michigan expects to make 
two appointments in 2008–2009, pending approval. We are particularly 
interested in innovative scholars at the entering or advanced Assistant level 
who work in the following fields: 1) British literature and culture between 
1660 and 1900 (particularly work that cuts across common periodizations); 
2) Rhetoric and composition and/or English 
linguistics, especially 
the history of the language; 3) Twenty-and Twenty-First Century African 
American/ African Diaspora Literature and Culture. Successful candidates 
may also contribute to our established interdisciplinary strengths 



in transatlantic 
connections; dramatic literatures and performance studies; 
gender and sexuality; and material and literary cultures; and/or to 
emergent strength in the area of digital humanities. Send letter of application, 
c.v., research statement, teaching statement, writing samples, and 
evidence of teaching excellence by November 10th to Professor Sidonie 
Smith, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, University 
of Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, Attention: 
Recruitment Coordinator. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/ affirmative 
action employer 
and is supportive of the needs of dual career couples. All 
applications will be acknowledged [R] 

U of Michigan 

Women’s Studies, 435 S. State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Open-Rank Tenure-Track 4394 

http:// umich .edu/ women 

The University of Michigan Department of Women’s Studies invites 
applications for up to three open-rank tenure-line appointments in any 
of the following areas: transnational feminism; feminist theories of race 
and gender; race, ethnicity and gender in the US context. Joint appointments 
with another department or program are possible. Universityyear 
appointment to begin September 1, 2009. We seek candidates who 
demonstrate outstanding research and scholarly contributions and who 
can contribute to our interdisciplinary community. The Department of 
Women’s Studies curriculum includes an undergraduate major and three 
minors, two graduate certificates and joint Ph.D. programs with English, 
History, Psychology, and Sociology. Applications should be sent to Chair, 
Women’s Studies Search Committee, Department of Women’s Studies, 
1122 Lane Hall, 204 S. State St., University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 
48109-1290. Please send a letter of application, C.V., statement of teaching 
philosophy and experience, evidence of teaching excellence, and statement 
of current and future research plans. Junior candidates are also asked 
to supply a writing sample and three letters of recommendation; senior 
candidates should send names of suggested reviewers. Deadline for applications 
is November 15, 2008. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. The University of Michigan is supportive of the needs of dual 
career couples and is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Position pending approval. 

Wayne SU 

English, 
5057 Woodward Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Composition 4323 

http:// www .en glish 
.wayne .edu 

Subject to administrative approval, the Department of English 
at Wayne 
State University invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
in Rhetoric and Composition. Ph.D. in Rhetoric/ Composition, 
English, 
or related field required. Our interest is in candidates with specialization 
in new media rhetoric and writing. Additional interests in one 
or more of the following is particularly welcome: technical/ professional 
communication, digital communities, or rhetoric of science. For complete 
posting and to submit an online application, applicants must go to http:// 
jobs .wayne .edu. On-line application, including CV and letter of application 
addressed to Richard Grusin, Chair, Department of English, 
must be 
submitted by November 3. Wayne State University is a premier institution 
of higher education offering more than 350 academic programs through 
14 schools and colleges to more than 31,000 students in metropolitan Detroit. 
Wayne State University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action 
employer. 
Minority candidates are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

Minnesota 

Gustavus Adolphus C 

English, 
800 W College Av St Peter MN 56082 

Assistant Professor of Ethnic and/or Immigrant Literatures of the United 
States 3745 

http:// www .gustavus .edu 

The English 
Department at Gustavus Adolphus College invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor in Ethnic and/or Immigrant 
Literatures of the United States; particular emphasis in Latino/a American, 
Native American, African American, and/or Asian American literatures 
(preferences given in order above). Teaching includes introductory 
and advanced literature courses for the major and general education; the 
teaching load is six courses per year. Ph.D. preferred; ABD considered. In 
order to enhance our students’ educational experiences, we encourage applicants 
who have academic experiences and interests in culturally diverse 
groups. 

Please send letter of application, CV, transcript, and letters of reference 
to: Dr. Laura Behling, Chair, Department of English, 
Gustavus Adolphus 
College, St. Peter, MN 56082. All applications will be acknowledged. 
Review of applications will begin November 7, 2008. 

Gustavus Adolphus College is a coeducational, private, residential, national 
liberal arts college of 2,500 students, affiliated with the Evangelical 
Lutheran Church in America. It is the policy and practice of Gustavus 
Adolphus College to provide equal educational and employment opportunities 
for all. We specifically encourage applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 

Macalester C 

English, 
1600 Grand Av St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 3694 

http:// www .macalester .edu/ en glish/ 


Tenure track appointment in 20th-21st Century American Literature and 
U.S. Ethnic Literatures. Beginning Fall 2009. Rank assistant professor. 
Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Desirable fields include Comparative 
U.S. Ethnic Literatures; Native American, Latina/o, or Chicana/o 
literary studies; diasporic or transnational literatures. Desirable secondary 
fields would include poetry, drama, literature and the environment. Candidates 
should have significant potential for publication and professional 
activity and evidence of excellence in teaching. Successful applicants may 
also contribute to one or more of the College’s interdisciplinary programs 
and departments, such as American Studies; Humanities and Media and 
Cultural Studies; Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies; International 
Studies; and Environmental Studies. Send letter of application and C.V. to 
Professor Daylanne K. English, 
Chair, Macalester College, Department of 
English, 
1600 Grand Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55105. Applications received 
by November 1, 2008 will receive first consideration. 

Macalester College is a highly selective, private liberal arts college in the 
vibrant Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area, with a population of 
approximately three million people and home to numerous colleges and 
universities, including the University of Minnesota. Macalester’s diverse 
student body comprises over 1800 undergraduates from 48 states and over 
75 countries. The College is proud of its long-standing, mission-driven 
commitment to academic excellence with a special emphasis on internationalism, 
multiculturalism, and service to society. We are especially 
interested in applicants dedicated to the pursuit of excellence in both 
teaching and research/ creative activity within a liberal arts college community. 
As an Equal Opportunity employer 
supportive of affirmative efforts 
to achieve diversity among its faculty, Macalester College strongly 
encourages applications from women and members of underrepresented 
minority groups. [R] 



Macalester C 

English, 
1600 Grand Av St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 3693 

http:// www .macalester .edu/ en glish/ 


Tenure-track appointment in Restoration and 18th Century British and 
Transnational Literatures. Beginning Fall 2009. Rank assistant professor. 
Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Desirable fields include literary 
and cultural theory, including theories of race, empire, gender, and sexuality; 
poetry; drama. Candidates should have significant potential for publication 
and professional activity and evidence of excellence in teaching. 
The successful applicant may also contribute to the Department of Theater 
and Dance or one or more of the College’s interdisciplinary departments 
and programs, such as American Studies; Humanities and Media 
and Cultural Studies; Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies; International 
Studies; and Environmental Studies. Send letter of application and 
C.V. to Professor Daylanne K. English, 
Chair, Macalester College, Department 
of English, 
1600 Grand Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55105. Applications 
received by November 1, 2008 will receive first consideration. 

Macalester College is a highly selective, private liberal arts college in the 
vibrant Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area, with a population of 
approximately three million people and home to numerous colleges and 
universities, including the University of Minnesota. Macalester’s diverse 
student body comprises over 1800 undergraduates from 48 states and over 
75 countries. The College is proud of its long-standing, mission-driven 
commitment to academic excellence with a special emphasis on internationalism, 
multiculturalism, and service to society. We are especially 
interested in applicants dedicated to the pursuit of excellence in both 
teaching and research/ creative activity within a liberal arts college community. 
As an Equal Opportunity employer 
supportive of affirmative efforts 
to achieve diversity among its faculty, Macalester College strongly 
encourages applications from women and members of underrepresented 
minority groups. [R] 

U of Minnesota, Duluth 

Writing Studies, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor in the Department of Writing Studies 4343 

http:// www.d.umn .edu/ writ/ 

The Department of Writing Studies at the University of Minnesota Duluth 
has a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor position available beginning 
August 2009. Job duties and responsibilities include teaching and 
research in the field of writing studies, potentially including linguistics or 
information design. Full-time typically includes teaching five classes, producing 
research, and participating in service activities. Essential qualifications 
include a Ph.D. or equivalent by 8/31/09 in writing studies/ rhetoric, 
linguistics, technical writing, English, 
or related field; two years collegelevel 
experience teaching writing; excellence in teaching; a clear plan for 
research. The University of Minnesota requires that you apply online for 
this position. For a complete position description and information on how 
to apply online, visit http:// employment .umn .edu/, and search for Job 
Requisition 157986. Complete applications will be reviewed beginning 
Nov. 3, 2008. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator 
and employer. 
[R] 

U of Minnesota, Twin Cities 

Cultural Studies & Comp Lit, 235 Nicholson Hall 216 Pillsbury Dr SE 
Minneapolis MN 55455 

Associate Professor of Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature 4192 

http:// cscl .umn .edu 

The Department for Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature, College 
of Liberal Arts, University of Minnesota is currently recruiting a fulltime 
tenured faculty position beginning fall semester 2009. Appointment 
will be 100% time over the nine-month academic year. 

Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in cultural studies, comparative literature, 
film/ media studies, visual cultures, or related field. Demonstrated distinction 
in research or artistic endeavor, effectiveness in teaching, and contributions 
in service. 

Preferred Qualifications: Specialization in visual cultures and new media 
(film and television in particular). Specific competence is desirable in one 
or more of the following areas: the place of media in the field of cultural 
and intellectual history; the emergence of new forms of community in the 
context of information technology; the historical construction of class, 
ethnicity, gender, race, and sexuality in diverse perspectives and cultures. 
Demonstrated competence in the historical and theoretical paradigms relevant 
to cultural studies and/or comparative literature is desirable. Candidates 
will be evaluated according to the overall quality of their academic 
preparation, the relevance of their research to the department’s academic 
priorities and the field of inquiry, evidence of commitment to teaching 
and skills as a teacher, and strength of recommendations. For more information 
on workload guidelines and principles, visit http:// www2.cla 
.umn .edu/ admin/ curriculum/ Workload .html. 

To apply, submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of recommendation. In order for the application to be considered, the 
letter of application, curriculum vitae and three letters of recommendation 
must be submitted on the University of Minnesota’s employment 
application web site: https:// employment .umn .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/frameset/ 
Frameset .jsp?time=1204048611731 

(use the position requisition number 157936). In addition to materials submitted 
electronically, applicants are also asked to send one writing sample 
of no more than 25 pages directly to: 

Chair, Search Committee, Department of Cultural Studies and Comparative 
Literature, 235 Nicholson Hall, 216 Pillsbur y Drive SE, 
Minneapolis, MN 55455, Deadline for submission of all materials is November 
7, 2008. For further information, please contact the department at 
612.624.8099. [R] 

U of Minnesota, Twin Cities 

Cultural Studies & Comp Lit, 235 Nicholson Hall 216 Pillsbury Dr SE 
Minneapolis MN 55455 

Assistant Professor of Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature 4191 

http:// cscl .umn .edu 

The Department for Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature, College 
of Liberal Arts, University of Minnesota is currently recruiting a 
full-time tenure track position beginning fall semester 2009. Appointment 
will be 100% time over the nine-month academic year. 

Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in cultural studies, comparative literature, 
film/ media studies, visual cultures, or related field in hand by the start 
date of the appointment (August 31, 2009). 

Preferred Qualifications: Specialization in visual cultures and new media 
(film and television in particular). Specific competence is desirable in one 
or more of the following areas: the place of media in the field of cultural 
and intellectual history; the emergence of new forms of community in 
the contest of information technology; the historical construction of class, 
ethnicity, gender, race, and sexuality in diverse perspectives and cultures. 
Demonstrated competence in the historical and theoretical paradigms relevant 
to cultural studies and/or comparative literature is desirable. Preference 
will be given to applicants who have begun to establish a research 
trajectory and who have a record of successful undergraduate instruction. 
For more information on workload guidelines and principles, visit http:// 
www2.cla .umn .edu/ admin/ curriculum/ Workload .html. 

To apply, submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of recommendation. In order for the application to be considered, the 
letter of application, curriculum vitae and three letters of recommendation 
must be submitted on the University of Minnesota’s employment application 
web site: https:// employment .umn .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/frameset/ 
Frameset .jsp?time=1204048611731 

(use the position requisition number 157376). In addition to materials submitted 
electronically, applicants are also asked to send one writing sample 



of no more than 25 pages directly to: Chair, Search Committee, Department 
of Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature, 235 Nicholson 
Hall, 216 Pillsbury Drive SE, Minneapolis, MN 55455 

Deadline for submission of all materials is November 7, 2008. For further 
information, please contact the department at 612.624.8099. [R] 

U of Minnesota, Twin Cities 

Writing Studies, 180 Wesbrook Hall 77 Pleasant St SE Minneapolis 
MN 55455 

Professor of Writing Studies 4254 

http:// writingstudies .umn .edu/ 

The Department of Writing Studies in the College of Liberal Arts at the 
University of Minnesota invites applications for a full-time, nine-month 
faculty position beginning fall semester 2009 (August 31, 2009). Appointment 
will be made at the rank of professor with tenure or associate 
professor with tenure, depending on qualifications and experience and 
consistent with collegiate and University policy. 

Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, English, 
Technical Communication, or a related field, and at least six years experience 
in an academic position; record of scholarship and teaching that 
meets the criteria for tenure and appointment as professor or associate professor 
at the University of Minnesota; established reputation as scholar and 
teacher with significant and innovative research agenda and experience. 

Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity with and enthusiasm for providing 
scholarly leadership for writing studies as an emerging academic field; 
demonstrated ability to bring visibility to the department and its programs 
through a nationally recognized and ongoing research agenda; ability to 
contribute to the department’s existing and developing undergraduate 
and graduate programs; demonstrated successful teaching at undergraduate 
and graduate levels; success in or potential for mentoring and advising 
graduate students. We seek the strongest candidate in writing studies regardless 
of sub-field; however, we have interest in the following areas: visual 
communication; digital literacies; technical communication; rhetoric 
and composition; medical or health writing. We are most strongly interested 
in a full professor but would consider an advanced associate professor 
whose record demonstrates the ability to be promoted to full professor 
within one year of the start of the appointment. 

One of thirty departments in the College of Liberal Arts at the University 
of Minnesota, the Department of Writing Studies is the home of technical 
communication, first-year writing, and the Center for Writing. The department 
was created in 2007 and merged the faculty and programs from 
the former Department of Rhetoric, the first-year writing program, the 
writing centers, and colleagues across the university who specialize in the 
study and teaching of writing, broadly construed. The department currently 
offers a B.S. and M.S. in Scientific and Technical Communication, 
a post baccalaureate certificate in technical communication, and an M.A. 
and Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Scientific and Technical Communication. FFI: 
http:// www .writingstudies .umn .edu/ 

Applicants must apply online. To be considered for a tenured position in 
Writing Studies, please see the Employment page of the College of Liberal 
Arts website http:// cla .umn .edu/ about/ employment .html and follow 
instructions. Review of completed applications will begin on October 27, 
2008, and will continue until the position is filled. [R] 

Winona SU 

English, 
302 Minne Hall Winona MN 55987 

Assistant PRofessor of English 
4099 

http:// www .winona .edu 

Due to retirements, the English 
Department at Winona State University 
has three openings for Assistant Professors of English 
starting Fall 2009. 
The normal teaching load is 12 hours per semester: a combination of composition, 
general education, and courses in the candidate’s specialty at the 
undergraduate and graduate level. Successful candidates will also engage 
in research/ publication in their areas of specialization and participate in 
service to the university community. 

Minimum qualif ications include a PhD in English 
or related f ield (all 
requirements met by date of hire); substantive experience, concentrated 
coursework, and/or demonstrated expertise in one or more of the following: 
Medieval through Early Modern British Literature, Early American 
Literature, Rhetoric and Composition, British Romantic Literature, or 
English 
Education; and demonstrated teaching effectiveness at the postsecondary 
level. 

For further information, including screening criteria and a copy of the 
Notice of Vacancy (NOV) go to http:// www .winona .edu/ humanresources, 
e-mail jobs@ winona .edu, or call (507) 457-5639. 

Application deadline is November 14, 2008. Positions available pending 
budgetary approval. WSU is a member of the Minnesota State Colleges 
and Universities System, and is an equal opportunity educator and 
employer. 
Women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Mississippi 

Alcorn SU 

English 
& For Langs, 1000 ASU Dr, PO Box 120 Lorman MS 39096 

Assistant Professors of British literature 4294 

http:// www .alcorn .edu 

Alcorn State University, a historically black university located in west 
central Mississippi, invites applications for TWO, nine-month tenuretrack 
positions as Assistant Professors in the Department of English 
and 
Foreign Languages beginning fall 2009. Each successful candidate must 
have a terminal degree in British Literature, with preferred specializations 
in Renaissance and/or Medieval literature. A secondary specialization in 
Rhetoric and Composition and/or linguistics is highly desired. Candidates 
should have sensitivity and responsiveness to issues of diversity and 
multiculturalism. Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference 
to Dr. Dianne Bunch, Search Committee Co-Chair, Department 
of English 
and Foreign Languages, Alcorn State University, 1000 ASU 
Drive #120, Alcorn State, MS 39096-7500. Review of applications will 
begin on November 30. [R] 

Millsaps C 

English, 
1701 N State St Jackson MS 39210 

Assistant Professor of English 
4319 

http:// www .millsaps .edu 

The Department of English 
anticipates being able to fill the following position: 
Assistant Professor of English, 
with appointment beginning in August 
2009 (final budgetary approval pending). Primary specialization in 
creative writing (any genre acceptable, including creative nonfiction and 
journalism), with secondary specialization in one of the following areas: 
contemporary literature; film studies; twentieth-century 
British and/or 
Irish literature. Or, primary specialization in one of the aforementioned 
fields, with secondary specialization in creative writing. Ph.D. in English, 
Literature, or Creative Writing preferred, though we also welcome applications 
from candidates with an M.F.A. degree. Duties for the position 
include teaching undergraduate courses in creative writing and the area 
of literary specialization, contributing to departmental responsibilities for 
surveys and interdisciplinary core courses, and showing a strong commitment 
to scholarship and/or the publication of original creative work. 
Normal teaching load is six courses per year over two semesters. Salary 
and benefits are competitive. 

Millsaps College is a National Selective Liberal Arts I College founded 
by the United Methodist Church in 1890. It hosts the first chapter of Phi 
Beta Kappa in the state of Mississippi. The College occupies a beautiful 
100-acre residential campus in the heart of Jackson Mississippi—a growing 
metropolitan area (SMSA 400,000) that is the political, f 
inancial, 



legal, medical, and cultural center of the state. Enrollment is approx. 
1200. Millsaps College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages 
applications from women and minorities. (Website: www .millsaps .edu) 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Laura Franey, Chair, English 
Department, Millsaps 
College, Jackson, MS, 39210. Applications must be postmarked by November 
14, 2008. [R] 

Mississippi SU 

English, 
Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century 
English 
Literature 3530 

http:// www .msstate .edu/ dept/ en glish/ 


Tenure-track position for assistant professor to begin in fall 2009, pending 
funding. PhD in English 
and college teaching experience required. We 
seek candidates with expertise in eighteenth-century 
British literature, as 
well as experience teaching first-year composition and survey courses in 
English 
literature. The successful candidate will carry a 2–2 teaching assignment 
for the first year, then a 3–2 assignment in subsequent years. 
Publications and professional service are required for tenure and promotion. 
Salary will be competitive. Affordable and comfortable faculty housing 
is usually available in the first two years of employment. Mississippi 
State University is a Carnegie Doctoral/ Research-Extensive institution 
with approximately 17,000 students on the main campus. To apply, please 
send a letter and cv by November 14, 2008, to Dr. Richard Raymond, 
Head, Department of English, 
Mississippi State University, Drawer “E,” 
Mississippi State, MS 39762. Members of Phi Beta Kappa honor society 
are encouraged to apply. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Mississippi SU 

English, 
Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 3532 

http:// www .msstate .edu/ dept/ en glish/ 


Tenure-track position for assistant professor to begin in fall 2009, pending 
funding. PhD in English 
and college teaching experience required. We 
seek candidates with expertise in twentieth-century 
American literature 
and with a strong emphasis on Southern literature, as well as experience 
teaching first-year composition and survey courses in American literature. 
The successful candidate will carry a 2–2 teaching assignment for 
the first year, then a 3–2 assignment in subsequent years. Publications and 
professional service are required for tenure and promotion. Salary will be 
competitive. Affordable and comfortable faculty housing is usually available 
in the first two years of employment. Mississippi State University is 
a Carnegie Doctoral/ Research-Extensive institution with approximately 
17,000 students on the main campus. To apply, please send a letter and 
cv by November 14, 2008, to Dr. Richard Raymond, Head, Department 
of English, 
Mississippi State University, Drawer “E,” Mississippi State, 
MS 39762. Members of Phi Beta Kappa honor society are encouraged to 
apply. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO employer. 
[R] 

Missouri 

Missouri U of Science & Tech 

English 
& Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla MO 
65409 

Department Chair 4070 

http:// en glish 
.mst .edu 

The Department of English 
and Technical Communication at Missouri 
University of Science and Technology invites applications for the position 
of Department Chair, with appointment beginning July 1, 2009. We welcome 
applications from both advanced associate and full professors who 
have a strong and active record of scholarship and excellence in teaching, 
one that meets requirements for tenure and appointment at the rank of 
professor in the Department of English 
and Technical Communication. 
We are looking for demonstrated abilities in leadership and administration, 
along with a capacity and appreciation for collegiality. The Chair 
would be expected to teach one-upper-level course per semester in his 
or her area(s) of expertise, direct faculty and staff, advocate for the department 
in the university, work effectively across disciplinary lines, and 
guide the department in planning for the future. 

With currently 10 full-time tenure-track lines, the Department of English 
and Technical Communication offers B.A.s in English 
and English 
education, 
a B.S. in technical communication, a cooperative M.A. in English, 
and an M.S. in technical communication. Missouri University of Science 
and Technology (http:// www .mst .edu), one of the four campuses of the 
University of Missouri system, is a research university that specializes in 
training undergraduate and graduate students in the sciences and engineering. 
Its 284-acre campus, situated in scenic, rolling hills, is about 90 
minutes from St. Louis. For further information about the Department of 
English 
and Technical Communication, please visit our website at http:// 
en glish 
.mst .edu. 

Deadline for receipt of applications is November 21, 2008. We will conduct 
preliminary interviews at the MLA convention in San Francisco. To 
apply, send a letter of application, a c.v., a representative publication, and 
3–5 letters of reference to Human Resource Services, Reference Number: 
#00037878, Missouri University of Science and Technology, 113 University 
Center East, 300 W. 12th Street, Rolla, MO 65409-1050 

Electronic applications, with the reference number in the subject line, 
may be sent to: hrsinfo@ mst .edu 

Missouri University of Science and Technology is an AA/EEO employer 
and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples. [R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 
800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor of English 
3952 

http:// www .nwmissouri .edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
wanted to teach in our recently 
redesigned undergraduate and graduate programs, beginning August 
2009. We are seeking a generalist with a specialty in 18th and/or 
19th-century 
British Literature. 4/4 load, including general education 
composition and literature courses, as well as courses in area of specialty. 
Student support and committee work required. Successful applicant will 
have earned doctorate, successful teaching experience at the college level, 
and evidence of ongoing scholarship. Salary commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial transcripts, 
and three letters of reference to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department of 
English, 
Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, 
MO 64468. Screening of applicants will begin on November 1st and will 
continue until the position is filled. Interviews at the 2008 MLA convention 
in San Francisco. Inquire to Mhobbs@ mail .nwmissouri .edu or (660) 
562-1265. Northwest is an equal opportunity employer. 


Northwest Missouri SU has approximately 6500 full-time students and is 
located in a friendly Midwestern town approximately 90 miles from both 
Kansas City and Omaha. www .nwmissouri .edu [R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 
800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 3953 

http:// www .nwmissouri .edu/ 

Northwest Missouri State University seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant 
professor of English, 
specializing in creative writing: fiction, with a secondary 
interest in creative nonfiction, to teach at the beginning, intermediate, 
& advanced levels, as well as general education classes. Northwest 
faculty teach a 4/4 load. However, this position includes editorial responsibilities 
on The Laurel Review, which carries a one course per semester reduction 
in teaching load. Student support and committee work required. 




MFA or PhD & teaching experience required; substantial publications 
preferred. Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Send 
letter of application, vita, a writing sample between 20–30 pages, unofficial 
transcripts, three letters of reference, and contact information for 
three additional references to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department of 
English, 
Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, 
MO 64468. Screening will begin November 1st and will continue until 
position is filled. Interviews at the 2008 MLA convention in San Francisco. 
Application will be acknowledged by letter. Inquire to Mhobbs@ 
nwmissouri .edu or (660) 562-1265. NWMSU encourages applications 
from women & members of minority groups. Please visit the Northwest 
En glish 
Dept.: http:// www .nwmissouri .edu/ dept/ en glish/ 
index .htm 

Northwest Missouri SU has approximately 6500 full-time students and 
is located in a small, friendly Midwestern town, approximately 90 miles 
from both Kansas City and Omaha. www .nwmissouri .edu [R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 
800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor of Composition 3955 

http:// www .nwmissouri .edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Composition, beginning August 2009, 
to teach f irst-year composition, and upper-level and graduate writing 
courses in our recently redesigned undergraduate and graduate programs. 
Preference will be given to candidates able to teach courses for our new 
BS degree including classes in professional writing and editing, and writing 
and technology. Our community of active scholars is supportive and 
committed to quality writing instruction. Student support and committee 
work required. Applicants should have successful teaching experience at 
the college level, evidence of ongoing scholarship, and a PhD in Composition 
(ABD with doctorate within first year of employment may be acceptable). 
Teaching load is 4/4. Salary commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial transcripts, three 
letters of reference, and contact information for three additional references 
to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department of English, 
Colden Hall, 
Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, MO 64468. Screening 
will begin November 1st and will continue until position is filled. Interviews 
at the 2008 MLA convention in San Francisco. Application will 
be acknowledged by letter. Inquire to Mhobbs@ nwmissouri .edu or (660) 
562-1265. Northwest is an equal opportunity employer. 


Northwest Missouri SU has approximately 6500 full-time students and 
is located in a small, friendly Midwestern town, approximately 90 miles 
from both Kansas City and Omaha. www .nwmissouri .edu [R] 

U of Missouri, Columbia 

English, 
107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Professor 3764 

http:// en glish 
.missouri .edu 

Endowed Chair/ Senior Poet: The University of Missouri seeks applications 
from senior poets for the Miller Family Endowed Chair in Literature 
and Writing. Hire will be made at the level of full professor. A member 
of the Association of American Universities, MU is the state’s flagship 
university and the English 
department has a nationally recognized PhD 
program in creative writing. We offer generous leaves for faculty, and the 
standard teaching schedule is two courses per semester. 

Because our PhD program focuses on the relationship between creative 
writing and literary study, we are seeking candidates who are accomplished 
poets as well as experienced teachers who also bring expertise in 
scholarship and/or criticism (broadly defined). 

Send letter of application and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English 
Department, 
107 Tate Hall, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, 
MO 65211. Review of applications will begin November 14, 2008, and 
will continue until the position is filled. Applications will be acknowledged 
by department letter. The University of Missouri is an EOE/AA/ 
ADA employer. 


U of Missouri, Columbia 

Women’s & Gender Studies, 325 Strickland Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Assistant/ Associate Professor in African American gender topics 3749 

http:// wgst .missouri .edu/ search2008.html 

The Women’s and Gender Studies Department (WGST) at the University 
of Missouri-Columbia seeks a scholar whose primary research and 
teaching interests focus on African American and gender topics. This is 
a tenure track position beginning in August 2009. Requirements include 
an advanced A.B.D. or PhD, evidence of ability to conduct a program of 
research on African American gender issues, and commitment to teaching 
at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Applicants should have research 
and teaching interests in one or more of the various intersections of race, 
ethnicity, region, culture, class, gender, age, sexuality, disabilities. Please 
see our web site for more information. 

To apply, submit a cover letter that includes a statement of your research, 
future research program and teaching interests or experience, a curriculum 
vitae, three letters of recommendation, and publication(s) or writing 
sample(s) to: Dr. Tola Olu Pearce, Chair of Search Committee, Women’s 
and Gender Studies Department, 325 Strickland Hall, University of 
Missouri-
Columbia, Columbia, Missouri. 65211. 

The review of applicants will begin on November 1, 2008 and continue 
until the position is filled. Please direct questions to Dr Tola Pearce 
( pearcei@ 
missouri .edu). 

The University of Missouri is an equal opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer 
[R] 

Washington U 

Performing Arts Department, One Brookings Dr.,Campus Box 1108 St 
Louis MO 63130 

Assistant Professor of Theater/ Performance Studies 4339 

http:// PADarts .wustl .edu 

Assistant Professor position (at any stage, from new Ph.D. to more advanced) 
in Theater/ Per formance Studies in the Per forming Arts 
Department. 


Washington University in St. Louis invites applications and nominations 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant 

Professor to begin Fall, 2009. 

Ph.D. by the time of the appointment required. Strong familiarity with 
the fields of theater studies and performance studies, specialization in post- 
1800 drama. Capacity to teach theater and performance history and central 
dramatic works. Research or at least teaching interest in gender and/ 
or race and/or non-western drama is encouraged. Candidates are encouraged 
to apply who have strong interdisciplinary interests and appreciation 
for the intersection of performance/ theater studies and theatrical practice. 

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled, but priority will 
be given to those received by November 1, 2008. A completed application 
will consist of a curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, a 
writing sample, and supporting materials concerning research and teaching. 
Interviews to be conducted at the Modern Language Association, San 
Francisco, Dec. 27–30, 2008. Send application to Robert Henke, Chair, 
Theater/ Performance Studies Search Committee, Washington University 
in St. Louis, Performing Arts Department, Campus Box 1108, One 
Brookings Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130-4899. Email inquiries to pad@ 
artsci .wustl .edu and telephone inquiries to 314 935-5858. 

Washington University in St. Louis is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action employer, 
and encourages women, minorities, and persons with 
disabilities to apply. Employment eligibility is required upon appointment. 



Nebra ska 

U of Nebraska 

English, 
PO Box 880333, Andrews Hall 202 Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
4242 

http:// en glish 
.unl .edu 

The Department of English 
at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln seeks a 
specialist in digital humanities and nineteenth-century 
literature, British 
or American, for a tenured or tenure-track appointment in English 
at the 
assistant or associate professor level, beginning August 2009. We welcome 
applications from candidates with expertise in both digital humanities and 
literary studies. The successful candidate will have opportunities to work 
collaboratively with the Center for Digital Research in the Humanities. 
A strong commitment to both scholarship and teaching is needed. Candidates 
should be prepared to teach both undergraduate and graduate students. 
Qualifications: PhD by May, 2009, a record of excellent teaching, 
and an active research program. 

Applicants must complete the Faculty/ Administrative Information Form 
at http:// employment .unl .edu, requisition 080781 and should then send 
a letter of application and curriculum vitae to Marco Abel, Recruitment 
Chair, Department of English, 
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, PO Box 
880333, 625 N 14th St., Lincoln, NE 68588-0333. For information about 
the application process, contact Professor Abel, mabel2@ unl .edu, 402- 
472-1850; for information about the position, contact Professor Kenneth 
Price, kprice2@ unl .edu or 402-472-0293. Review of applications will 
begin November 1, 2008 and will continue until a suitable candidate is 
found. The University of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic campus 
community through affirmative action, equal opportunity, work-life balance, 
and dual careers. 

U of Nebraska 

English, 
PO Box 880333, Andrews Hall 202 Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant Professor of English 
4240 

http:// en glish 
.unl .edu 

The Department of English 
seeks a specialist in Twentieth-Century 
Poetry 
for a tenure-track appointment in English 
at the assistant professor 
level, beginning August 2009. We welcome applications from candidates 
whose primary area of scholarly and teaching expertise is in twentieth- 
century 
British and/or Anglophone or American poetry. Expertise in 
poetry criticism and theory is required. Faculty at the University of Nebraska-
Lincoln have a strong commitment to both scholarship and teaching. 
Candidates for this position should be actively engaged in scholarly 
research and prepared to teach courses to undergraduates and graduate 
students. Qualifications: PhD by May, 2009, a record of excellent teaching, 
and an active research program. 

To be considered for the position applicants must complete the Faculty/ 
Administrative Information Form at http:// employment .unl .edu, requisition 
080780. Then send letter of application and curriculum vitae to 
Marco Abel, Recruitment Chair, Department of English, 
University of 
Nebraska-Lincoln, PO Box 880333, 625 N 14th St., Lincoln, NE 68588- 
0333. For information about the application process, contact Professor 
Abel, mabel2@ unl .edu, 402-472-1850; for information about the position, 
contact Professor Guy Reynolds greynolds2@ unl .edu 402-472- 
0249. Review of Applications will begin November 1, 2008 and continue 
until a suitable candidate is found. The University of Nebraska is committed 
to a pluralistic campus community through affirmative action, equal 
opportunity, work-life balance, and dual careers. 

U of Nebraska 

English, 
PO Box 880333, Andrews Hall 202 Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant Professor of English 
4245 

http:// en glish 
.unl .edu 

The Department of English 
at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln seeks 
a specialist in Literary and Critical Theory, including 20th century poststructuralist 
and continental theory, for a tenure-track appointment in 
English 
at the assistant professor level, beginning August 2009. The department 
is especially interested in applicants with secondary interests 
in 20th and 2lst century British, American, transatlantic, and/or Anglophone 
literatures. A strong commitment to both scholarship and teaching 
is needed. Candidates should be prepared to teach both undergraduate and 
graduate students. Qualifications: PhD by May, 2009, a record of excellent 
teaching, and an active research program. 

Applicants must complete the Faculty/ Administrative Information Form 
at http:// employment .unl .edu, requisition 080791 and should then send 
a letter of application and curriculum vitae to Marco Abel, Recruitment 
Chair, Department of English, 
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, PO Box 
880333, 625 N 14th St., Lincoln, NE 68588-0333. For information about 
the application process, contact Professor Abel mabel2@ unl .edu, 402- 
472-1850; for information about the position, contact Professor Chris 
Gallagher cgallagher2@ unl .edu or 402-472-1835. Review of applications 
will begin November 1, 2009 and will continue until a suitable candidate 
is found. The University of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic campus 
community through affirmative action, equal opportunity, work-life balance, 
and dual careers. 

U of Nebraska 

Institute for Ethnic Studies, PO Box 880333, Andrews Hall 202 Lincoln 
NE 68588 

Assistant/ Associate Professor 4284 

http:// ethnicstudies .unl .edu 

The Institute for Ethnic Studies invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
or associate professorship in Africana and African American Studies. 

Applicants would hold a joint appointment with .40 FTE in Ethnic Studies 
and .60 FTE in a tenure home Department in the College of Arts and 
Sciences. 

Specif ic areas of interest could include expertise in one or several of 
the following areas: nineteenth or twentieth-century 
Africana/ African 
American literature; Spanish and Afro-Hispanic Studies and/or Caribbean 
literature; Africana and African American Psychology; family sociology, 
inequality, or sociology of health/ mental health; development, 
demography, or epidemiology or ethnographic research; Africana and African 
American politics; The Colonial Atlantic World with an emphasis 
on slavery. 

The Institute for Ethnic Studies was established over 30 years ago. It is 
an interdisciplinary unit housed in the College of Arts and Sciences but 
drawing upon faculty from across the campus. Additional information 
about the Institute may be found at http:// ethnicstudies .unl .edu/ 

Minimum Qualifications: PhD at the time of appointment plus evidence 
of an outstanding record of research and teaching. 

To be considered for the position, applicants must complete the Faculty/ 
Administrative Information Form at http:// employment .unl .edu, requisition 
080793. Then send letter of application and curriculum vitae to 
Amelia M.L. Montes, Director of The Institute for Ethnic Studies, 303 
Seaton Hall, P.O. Box 880685, Lincoln, NE 68588-0685. For information 
about the application process, contact Professor Miguel Carranza, 
mcarranza1@ unl .edu, or 402-472-3080; for information about the position, 
contact Professor Montes, amontes2@ unl .edu, or 402-472-1663. 
Review of applications will begin November 2, 2008 and continue until 
a suitable candidate is found. The University of Nebraska is committed to 
a pluralistic campus community through affirmative action and equal opportunity 
and is responsive to the needs of dual career couples. 



U of Nebraska, Omaha 

English, 
6001 Dodge St Omaha NE 68182 

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 4206 

http:// careers .unomaha .edu 

The University of Nebraska at Omaha invites applications for a tenuretrack 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor. Ph.D. in Rhetoric, 
Composition Studies, or related field in hand by August, 2009. The ideal 
applicant will demonstrate broad knowledge of composition and rhetoric, 
a well-defined research agenda, and potential for excellence in teaching 
first-year, major, and graduate courses. Other academic interests may 
include TESOL, technical communication, multicultural or ethnic studies, 
gender studies. Opportunities for curriculum development and crossdisciplinary 
collaboration. Normally, nine hours of teaching and three 
hours of research. The university has a strong commitment to achieving 
diversity: we encourage applications from under-represented groups, 
women, and persons of color. Apply at http:// careers .unomaha .edu by 
November 5, 2008. Attach cover letter, CV, and list of references to the 
electronic application. Transcripts and three letters of recommendation to 
Susan Maher, Department of English, 
University of Nebraska at Omaha, 
6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE, 68182-0175. 

New Ha mpshire 

Dartmouth C 

English, 
N Main St, 6032 Sanborn House Hanover NH 03755 

Assistant Professor of English 
3536 

http:// www .dartmouth .edu/ ~en glish 


A position for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in Asian 
American literatures and Asian American cultural studies. Dartmouth 
College is an equal opportunity /affirmative action employer, 
is strongly 
committed to diversity, and encourages applications from women and 
minorities. Please send letter of application and CV via email to English 
.Department@ dartmouth .edu no later than Monday, November 3, 
2008. [R] 

Dartmouth C 

English, 
N Main St, 6032 Sanborn House Hanover NH 03755 

Assistant Professor of English-
Creative Nonfiction 3535 

http:// www .dartmouth .edu/ ~en glish 


The Department of English 
at Dartmouth College seeks to hire an assistant 
professor in creative nonfiction. Applicants should have an MFA 
or a Ph.D., a strong record of publication, and significant undergraduate 
teaching experience. The successful applicant will be expected to 
teach the range of courses offered in creative writing, but will also be 
expected to develop the area of creative nonfiction both within the English 
Department’s creative writing concentration and in a broader interdisciplinary 
context. We are especially interested in hiring someone who 
also works in an adjacent area of research, such as cultural studies, media 
studies or US minority studies. Please send letter of application and CV to 
Search Committee Chair, Dartmouth College English 
Department, 6032 
Sanborn House, Hanover, NH 03755, postmarked no later than Monday, 
November 3, 2008 [R] 

Saint Anselm C 

English, 
100 Saint Anselm Dr Box 1652 Manchester NH 03102 

Assistant Professor of English, 
18th-century 
British literature 3829 

http:// www .anselm .edu 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature Specialist, 
tenure track 

The English 
Department of Saint Anselm College seeks an assistant 
professor, tenure track, whose primary specialty is the long eighteenth- 
century 
in British literature. In addition to teaching regularly eighteenth- 
century 
British literature surveys, the candidate will also be expected to 
teach special topics courses in eighteenth-century 
British literature, composition, 
and Humanities, and when needed, other courses required for 
majors, such as Introduction to Literary Studies and Senior Seminar. Additional 
expertise is welcome. Four-three teaching load. Ph. D. required. 
Applicants should be committed to undergraduate education, supportive 
of the College’s Catholic mission and identity, and engaged in scholarship. 
Located one hour north of Boston, Saint Anselm College is a Catholic 
liberal arts college in the Benedictine tradition and is committed by its 
mission to building a diverse academic community that fosters an inclusive 
environment. It therefore encourages a broad spectrum of candidates 
to apply. Begins Aug. 1, 2009. Send letter of application, vita, and current 
letters of recommendation to Dr. Ann Norton, Chair, Dept. of English, 
Saint Anselm College, 100 Saint Anselm Drive, Manchester, NH 03102- 
1310. Deadline: Postmarked by November 1, 2008. Interviews at the 
MLA Convention, San Francisco. Saint Anselm College is an EOE. [R] 

New Jersey 

Montclair SU 

English, 
Montclair NJ 07043 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing: Poetry 4403 

http:// www .montclair .edu 

Full-time, tenure-track position in creative writing with primary expertise 
in the writing of poetry. The candidate should have significant 
publications, including a book of poems, as well as a record of successful 
teaching in a diverse, multi-ethnic environment. Candidates should be 
prepared to teach creative writing courses ranging from “Intro to Creative 
Writing” to “Advanced Poetry,” as well as first year writing courses 
and courses in literary study (such as “Contemporary Poetry”). Candidates 
should be willing to participate in a review of our existing creative 
writing concentration and to play a vital role in the development of our 
curriculum. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA. 

Candidates are required to have an MFA or a PhD, a list of significant 
publications, including a book of poems, and a record of successful teaching. 
Willingness to provide service within the department, university, and 
larger professional community expected. 

Applications should arrive no later than November 10th, 2008. Send to 
English 
dept., Attn. Poetry search. [R] 

Princeton U 

English, 
22 McCosh Hall Princeton NJ 08544 

Assistant Professor 3928 

http:// https:// en glish 
.princeton .edu/ undergraduate .html 

Assistant Professor in American Literature to 1865. Applicants required 
to teach at the undergraduate and graduate levels, with a starting date of 
September 1, 2009. Ph.D. expected by September 1, 2009. Please submit 
applications, including cover letter, c.v., letters of reference, and 20–25 
page writing sample, by October 20. Materials should be sent to Chris 
Faltum, Job Search Coordinator, English 
Department, 22 McCosh Hall, 
Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544. Princeton University is an 
equal opportunity employer 
and complies with applicable EEO and affirmative 
action regulations. For information on how to self-identify, see 
http:// www .princeton .edu/ dof/ ApplicantsInfo .htm. 



Rowan U 

English, 
201 Mullica Hill Rd Glassboro NJ 08028 

Assistant Professor of Non-Western Literature 4096 

http:// www .rowan .edu/ en glish 


Tenure-track position beginning September 2009 for specialist in Non- 
Western literature. Expertise in Postcolonial Theory a plus. Ph.D. in 
hand, plus evidence of undergraduate teaching experience and scholarly 
potential required. Teaching load is three courses (9 sh) a semester; no 
Composition. Send letter of application and vita to Catherine Parrish, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Rowan University, 201 Mullica Hill 
Road, Glassboro, NJ 08028. Postmark deadline is November 1, 2008. 
Dossier upon request only. Rowan University is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer. 
All positions are contingent upon availability 
of sufficient funding. [R] 

Rutgers U 

English, 
510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of Writing and New Media 4188 

http:// en glish 
.rutgers .edu 

The Department of English 
at Rutgers (New Brunswick-Piscataway) invites 
applications for a new position in Writing and New Media. We are 
seeking an individual whose scholarly work engages with New Media and 
whose professional interests include writing program administration. The 
successful candidate will be someone who is in a position to contribute 
immediately to ongoing department-wide discussions regarding the challenges 
and the opportunities that the New Media pose for future scholarship 
and teaching in the humanities. 

We welcome applications from recently minted phds to rising associate 
professors who have an active intellectual, scholarly, and pedagogical interest 
in Writing and New Media. Applications due no later than Oct 31, 
2008. Send cover letter and c.v. to Richard E. Miller, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Murray Hall, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ 08901. 
Rutgers University is building a culturally diverse faculty and strongly 
encourages applications from female and minority candidates. Rutgers 
University is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer. 


Rutgers U 

English, 
510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor of African-American Literature/ African Diaspora 
Literature 4189 

http:// en glish 
.rutgers .edu 

The Department of English 
at Rutgers University (New Brunswick- 
Piscataway) is seeking an assistant professor in African American/ African 
Diaspora Literature, a field in which the department has long been a 
leader. We have a particular need in Caribbean Literature and an interest 
in transnational scholarship, but will gladly consider applicants in other 
areas as well. 

Applications due no later than Oct 31, 2008. Send cover letter and c.v. to 
Richard E. Miller, Chair, Department of English, 
Murray Hall, Rutgers 
University, New Brunswick, NJ 08901. Rutgers University is building a 
culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from female 
and minority candidates. Rutgers University is an Affirmative Action, 
Equal Opportunity employer. 


New Mexic o 

New Mexico SU 

English, 
PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing/ Poetry 4354 

http:// www .nmsu .edu/ ~en glish/ 


Qualifications: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing or English 
and teaching 
experience required; at least one full-length book of poetry published or 
under contract required. Additional desirable areas of experience include: 
nonf iction writing, literary journal editing, or community outreach. 
Ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses and serve on MFA 
thesis committees; all requirements for MFA or PhD completed by date 
of hire. 

The Department of English 
offers the B.A. in English 
(with emphases in 
Creative Writing, Literature, and Rhetoric), the M.A. in English 
(with 
emphases in Creative Writing, Literature, Rhetoric and Professional 
Communication, and Teaching English 
Studies), the MFA in Creative 
Writing, and the PhD in Rhetoric and Professional Communication. All 
tenure-track faculty contribute to the undergraduate general education 
program through courses in literature and writing. 

New Mexico State University is a comprehensive land-grant institution 
of higher learning accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the 
North Central Association of Colleges and Universities. An active research 
university, NMSU anchors the southern end of New Mexico’s Rio 
Grande Research Corridor, exceeding $140 million in research and public 
service expenditures. NMSU is classified as a Hispanic-serving institution 
by the federal government with a total minority enrollment over 48%. 
Home to the state’s NASA Space Grant Program, NMSU is located in 
Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, the farmlands of the Rio Grande 
Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an extension of the Rocky Mountain 
chain. 

Benefits: Group medical, hospital and dental insurance, group life and disability, 
and state educational retirement. 

Deadline: Position remains open until filled. Screening of applications begins 
October 20, 2008. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 

Salary: Commensurate with education and experience 

Reply to: Letter of application with current CV, writing sample, and dossier 
(with three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Mónica Torres, Head, 
Department of English, 
MSC 3E, Box 30001, NMSU, Las Cruces, NM 
88003. 

NMSU is an equal opportunity/ aff irmative action employer. 
We encourage 
applications from women and minorities. For information about 
the Department of English, 
please visit our website: www .nmsu .edu/ 
~ en 
glish. 
[R] 

New Mexico SU 

English, 
PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing/ Fiction 4353 

http:// www .nmsu .edu/ ~en glish/ 


Qualifications: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing or English 
and teaching 
experience required; at least one full-length book of fiction published or 
under contract required. Additional desirable areas of experience include: 
nonf iction writing, literary journal editing, or community outreach. 
Ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses and serve on MFA 
thesis committees; all requirements for MFA or PhD completed by date 
of hire. 

The Department of English 
offers the B.A. in English 
(with emphases in 
Creative Writing, Literature, and Rhetoric), the M.A. in English 
(with 
emphases in Creative Writing, Literature, Rhetoric and Professional 
Communication, and Teaching English 
Studies), the MFA in Creative 
Writing, and the PhD in Rhetoric and Professional Communication. All 
tenure-track faculty contribute to the undergraduate general education 
program through courses in literature and writing. 



New Mexico State University is a comprehensive land-grant institution 
of higher learning accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the 
North Central Association of Colleges and Universities. An active research 
university, NMSU anchors the southern end of New Mexico’s Rio 
Grande Research Corridor, exceeding $140 million in research and public 
service expenditures. NMSU is classified as a Hispanic-serving institution 
by the federal government with a total minority enrollment over 48%. 
Home to the state’s NASA Space Grant Program, NMSU is located in 
Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, the farmlands of the Rio Grande 
Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an extension of the Rocky Mountain 
chain. 

Benefits: Group medical, hospital and dental insurance, group life and disability, 
and state educational retirement. 

Deadline: Position remains open until filled. Screening of applications begins 
October 20, 2008. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 

Salary: Commensurate with education and experience 

Reply to: Letter of application with current CV, writing sample, and dossier 
(with three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Mónica Torres, Head, 
Department of English, 
MSC 3E, Box 30001, NMSU, Las Cruces, NM 
88003. 

NMSU is an equal opportunity/ aff irmative action employer. 
We encourage 
applications from women and minorities. For information about 
the Department of English, 
please visit our website: www .nmsu .edu/ 
~ en 
glish. 
[R] 

New York 

Bard C 

Lang & Lit, Annandale-on-Hudson NY 12504 

TT Assistant/ Associate Professor, African American Literature 3827 

http:// www .bard .edu 

Bard is a private liberal arts college with approximately 1,800 students, 
located 90 miles north of New York City on the Hudson River. The Language 
& Literature Program at Bard College is seeking a tenure-track assistant 
or associate professor to begin fall 2009. The successful candidate 
must hold a Ph.D. or be ABD. He or she should demonstrate a lively interest 
in undergraduate teaching at a small liberal arts college with an intellectually 
curious, sophisticated student body. The ideal candidate will 
be able to teach the African-American literary tradition, and also courses 
outside that specialty, including survey courses in U.S. literature. We welcome 
applications from candidates with a background in creative writing 
or cultural studies. 

To apply, please send cover letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to: African-American Literature Search-9008, Human Resources-9008, 
P.O. Box 5000, Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, NY 12504, fax 
845-758-7826 or email to hr@ bard .edu (Word attachments, please). Bard 
College is an equal opportunity employer 
and welcomes applications from 
individuals who contribute to its diversity. AA/EOE 

C of Saint Rose 

English, 
432 Western Av Albany NY 12203 

Assistant Professor of African American literature 4383 

http:// www .strose .edu/ en glish 


The College of Saint Rose in Albany, NY, seeks a qualified candidate 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the English 
Department, 
starting in August 2009. Candidate must have an earned doctorate with 
a primary specialization in African American literature and preferably a 
secondary expertise in early twentieth century American fiction. Candidate 
should also have a demonstrated ability to work with and instruct a 
culturally diverse group of people. This line will involve courses on the 
graduate and upper-level undergraduate levels as well as a range of lowerlevel 
courses. Send letter of application, c.v., copy of transcript(s), and 
three letters of recommendation to Dr. Catherine Cavanaugh (cavanauc@ 
strose .edu). Cover letter and c.v. should be submitted electronically; letters 
and copies of transcripts may be submitted either electronically or by mail 
to Dr. Catherine Cavanaugh, English 
Department Chair, The College of 
Saint Rose, 432 Western Ave., Albany, NY 12203. Deadline for applications: 
November 1. 

The College of Saint Rose is a dynamic, comprehensive college of more 
than 5,000 students. Located in the heart of New York State’s Capital District, 
The College of Saint Rose is an independent, coeducational institution. 
Additional information about the College may be found at http:// 
www .strose .edu. The College of Saint Rose actively and energetically 
seeks to recruit a more diverse faculty, staff, and administration by encouraging 
applications from African-American, Latino, Asian-American, 
Native-American and women candidates, as well as the entire spectrum 
of diverse communities. [R] 

C of Staten Island, CUNY 

English, 
Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island NY 
10314 

Assistant Professor of English-
Linguistics 4332 

http:// www .csi .cuny .edu 

The Department of English 
of the College of Staten Island, a senior college 
of the City University of New York, seeks candidates for an anticipated 
tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of Linguistics beginning 
September 2009. 

Required: Ph.D. in Linguistics. We are particularly interested in candidates 
with a strong record of teaching and an active publishing agenda. 
Applicants must have competence in at least one of the following areas: 
phonetics/ phonology, history of English, 
language change. Applicants 
with an ability to teach composition and/or ESL will be preferred. 

Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate linguistics courses for 
majors; developing undergraduate and graduate courses in area of specialization; 
participating actively in the life of the department and performing 
department and college service; and engaging in an active and productive 
research and publishing agenda. Applicants with an ability to teach composition 
and/or ESL will be preferred. 

Review of applications will begin on or about November 15, 2008. Salary 
range: $52,144-$67,092, commensurate with experience. 

Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, a 
writing sample (not to exceed 40 pages), and one syllabus or course proposal 
related to area of specialization by November 15, 2008 to: 

Professors Sarah Benesch and Christina Tortora, Co-Chairs, Linguistics 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
Room 2S-218, College of 
Staten Island, 2800 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, NY 10314 

The College of Staten Island is an EEO/AA/IRCA/ ADA employer. 


Columbia U 

English 
& Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 
10027 

Assistant Professor of Middle English 
4151 

http:// www .columbia .edu/cu/en glish 


We invite applications for an assistant professorship in the field of Middle 
English 
literature, 1200–1500. The Ph.D. must be finished by June 30, 
2009. Beyond teaching in the field of specialization, the successful candidate 
will also teach two courses a year in Columbia’s core curriculum, 
typically Literature Humanities. Applications must be filed online 
at academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50793 by 
October 31st, 2008. In addition, hard copy of cover letter, CV, and dossier 
including letters of reference must be sent to: Chair, Middle English 
Search Committee, Department of English 
and Comparative Literature, 
602 Philosophy Hall, Columbia University, MC 4927, 1150 Amsterdam 
Avenue, New York, NY 10027. Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action employer. 
[R] 



Columbia U 

English 
& Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York 
NY 10027 

Open rank 4157 

http:// www .columbia .edu/cu/en glish 


The Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race and the Department of 
English 
and Comparative Literature at Columbia University invite applications 
for a faculty position shared between the two units, to be 
filled at any rank, from tenure-eligible assistant professor to full professor 
with tenure. We seek a candidate whose work on race and ethnicity 
grows from an engagement with literary or cinematic texts: poetry, 
fiction, drama, film, non-fiction prose. We are interested in work both 
in established and emerging areas including indigenous literatures, comparative 
ethnic literatures, race and environmental justice, trauma studies, 
the historicity of race and ethnicity; new media and cultures of circulation; 
theories of race and ethnicity. Teaching responsibilities will be divided 
between the English 
Department and the undergraduate program 
at CSER. CSER is currently redefining its intellectual direction, and the 
successful candidate will play an active role in consolidating that effort. 
Applications must be filed online at academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=50802 by October 31, 2008; in addition, hard 
copy of cover letter, CV, and dossier including letters of reference must 
be sent to: Chair, CSER Search Committee, Department of English 
and 
Comparative Literature, 602 Philosophy Hall, Columbia University, MC 
4927, 1150 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, New York 10027. 

Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/ Aff irmative Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Columbia U 

English 
& Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 
10027 

Assistant Professor 4154 

http:// www .columbia .edu/cu/en glish 


The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature at Columbia 
University invites applications for an assistant professor position in post- 
1950 British or Anglophone literature; comparative work encouraged. 
The Ph.D. must be finished by June 30, 2009. Beyond teaching in the 
field of specialization, the successful candidate will also teach two courses 
a year in Columbia’s core curriculum, typically Literature Humanities. 
Applications must be filed online at academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=50720 by October 31st,2008 . In addition, hard 
copy of cover letter, CV, and dossier including letters of reference must be 
sent to: Chair, British and Anglophone Search Committee, Department 
of English 
and Comparative Literature, 602 Philosophy Hall, Columbia 
University, MC 4927, 1150 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, New York 
10027. Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Cornell U 

English, 
East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

African-American Literature, open rank 4087 

http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ en glish/ 


The Cornell University Department of English 
invites applications and 
nominations for a full-time professorship, open rank, Ph.D. required, in 
the field of African-American Literature, to begin July 2009. Please send 
a letter of application, c.v., letters of recommendation, and writing sample 
to African-Americanist Search Committee, Department of English, 
256 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. 
Deadline: October 15. Cornell is an equal opportunity, affirmative action 
employer 
and educator [R] 

Cornell U 

English, 
East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Romantic or Victorian Poetry, open rank 4089 

http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ en glish/ 


The Cornell University English 
Department invites applications and 
nominations for a full-time professorship, open rank, Ph.D. required, 
with a specific focus on Romantic or Victorian Poetry, to begin July 2009. 
Those seeking a position as beginning assistant professor are especially encouraged 
to apply. Please send a letter of application, c.v., dissertation abstract 
or new book prospectus, letters of recommendation, and a writing 
sample of between 4,000 and 8,000 words to Romantic/ Victorian Search 
Committee, Department of English, 
256 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell 
University, Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. Deadline: October 15. Cornell is an 
equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and educator. [R] 

Cornell U 

English, 
East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Creative Writing, tenure-track assistant professor 4092 

http:// www .arts .cornell .edu/ en glish/ 


The Creative Writing Program of the Cornell University English 
Department 
invites applications and nominations for a poet (with an M.F.A. 
degree in Creative Writing and at least one full-length book of poetry 
published by a reputable press) for a full-time, tenure-track assistant professorship 
beginning July 2009. The position involves teaching creative 
writing at the undergraduate and graduate level, assisting with program 
administration, and possibly teaching other literature courses. Please submit 
a letter of application, curriculum vitae, dossier of recommendation 
letters, and a book of your poems to Creative Writing Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
250 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell University, 
Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. Deadline: December 1. Cornell is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer 
and educator. [R] 

Fordham U 

English, 
441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor, Early Modern/ Renaissance 4268 

http:// www .fordham .edu/ en glish 


We are hiring a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Early Modern/ Renaissance 
English 
Literature, to begin service at the Rose Hill campus September 
2009. New or recent Ph.D. preferred; all sub-fields considered. 
Please submit cover letter and CV, both by mail (to Mark Caldwell, EM 
Hiring Committee, Department of English, 
Fordham Univ., Bronx, NY 
10458) and electronically (to earlymodern@ fordham .edu). Deadline for 
applications: 11/1/08. Fordham is an independent, Catholic university in 
the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from men and women of 
all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Fordham U 

English, 
441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Associate Professor, Medievalist 4262 

http:// www .fordham .edu/ en glish 


The Fordham English 
Department invites applications for a senior 
medieval position, to begin at the Rose Hill (Bronx) campus September 
2009. The successful applicant will have a record of substantial 
publication and experience at Associate rank. Our usual practice is 
to hire senior candidates to a visiting position, with tenure review during 
the first year. Early period desired; various specializations considered, in 
particular Anglo-Norman. We will not conduct interviews at the MLA 
Convention but will invite finalists to campus. Please send letter and CV 
by October 15 to Hiring Committee Chair (Medieval), Dept. of English, 
Fordham University, Bronx NY 10458. Fordham is an independent, 



Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from 
men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action employer. 
[R] 

Hartwick C 

English 
& Theatre Arts, 1 Hartwick Dr Oneonta NY 13820 

Assistant Professor (Specialist in Fiction Writing) 3778 

http:// hartwick .edu 

English 
(specialist in fiction writing): Hartwick College is a residential, 
liberal arts college enrolling 1,480 undergraduate students and located in 
Oneonta, NY. The Department of English 
and Theatre Arts invites applications 
for a full-time, 3-year position in fiction writing commencing 
September 2009 (pending final administrative approval) at the rank of assistant 
professor. The position will be reviewed for possible conversion to 
a tenure-track appointment during the second year. The successful candidate 
will possess ancillary expertise in teaching screenwriting and creative 
nonfiction, as well as literature courses, introduction to creative writing, 
composition, and first-year seminars. We seek a publishing fiction writer 
with an M.F.A. or Ph. D. in creative writing (fiction), evidence of excellence 
in teaching creative writing, and at least one book of fiction already 
in print. Teaching responsibilities in creative writing include introductory 
creative writing, intermediate and advanced fiction workshops, and 
supervision of directed and independent studies in Fiction Writing and 
ancillary 
fields. Teaching load: 20 hours/ year (3–1-3). Submission deadline 
is November 15, 2008. Applicants should submit letter of application, 
c.v., and names of three references to Dr. Robert Bensen, Acting 
Chair, Department of English 
and Theatre Arts, Hartwick College, Oneonta, 
NY 13820. Include e-mail address for acknowledgment. The College 
permits “shared positions,” so partners may apply individually or for 
one shared appointment. The College offers health benefits to domestic 
partners of employees, and prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual 
orientation/ preference and gender identity/ expression. Hartwick College 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and members of underrepresented 
groups are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

Hobart & William Smith Colleges 

English 
& Comp Lit, 300 Pulteney St Demarest Hall Geneva NY 14456 

Literary Modernisms 3966 

http:// www .hws .edu 

ENGLISH AND COMPARATIVE LITERATURE: The Department 
invites applications for a position in Literary Modernisms. Desirable specializations 
include U.K. modernists—e.g., Joyce/ Yeats/ Irish Literary 
Renaissance, Woolf, Conrad—and Transnational/ Subaltern/ Postcolonial 
approaches. We encourage a strong theoretical orientation in literary, 
artistic, social, and/or cultural perspectives, including global and 
multicultural perspectives. We seek broad competencies that will allow 
the candidate to work with faculty from other departments in our general 
curriculum and to cross list courses with our interdisciplinary programs 
(see catalogue; these include, for example, Women’s Studies, European 
Studies, Africana Studies, Environmental Studies). PhD should be in hand 
or to be completed by July 2009. The teaching load is five courses a year, 
one of which would be a section of the introductory course to the English 
major. Application Deadline: October 31, 2008. Applications should 
include a cover letter, c.v. graduate transcript, and three letters of recommendation. 
Send applications to: Modernist Position, Department of English 
and Comparative Literature, Hobart and William Smith Colleges, 
Geneva, N.Y. 14456 

Founded as Hobart College for men and William Smith College for 
women, Hobart and William Smith Colleges today are a highly selective 
residential liberal arts institution with a single administration, faculty 
and curriculum but separate dean’s off ices, student governments, athletic 
programs and traditions. The Colleges are located in a small diverse 
city in the Finger Lakes region of New York State. With an enrollment 
of nearly 2100, the Colleges offer 62 different majors and minors from 
which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be 
an interdisciplinary program. Creative and extensive programs of international 
study and public service are also at the core of the Colleges’ mission. 
Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and 
supporting faculty and staff comprised of women and men that fully represents 
the racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity of the nation and actively 
seeks applications from under-represented groups. The Colleges do not 
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national 
origin, age, disability, veteran’s status, or sexual orientation or any 
other protected status. [R] 

Hofstra U 

Writing Studies & Composition, 144 Hofstra University Hempstead 
NY 11549 

Assistant Professor in Writing Studies 4375 

http:// www .hofstra .edu 

Hofstra College of Liberal Arts and Sciences seeks to fill three tenuretrack 
positions in the Department of Writing Studies and Composition: 

Assistant Professor in Writing Studies with specialization in: 

Writing for the Social Sciences 

Assistant Professor in Writing Studies with specialization in: 

Technical Writing and/or Science Writing 

Assistant Professor in Writing Studies with experience in: 

Writing Across the Curriculum and Writing in the Disciplines 

Hofstra University is a private, non-sectarian co-educational institution 
located 25 miles east of New York City and offering bachelor’s degrees 
in more than 140 programs of study and advanced degrees, certificates, 
and professional diplomas in 155 graduate programs of study. The regular 
teaching load is 9 hours for each of two semesters, but Hofstra’s AAUP 
contract provides research leaves as well as released time for research. 

Please send a letter of application (including statement of teaching approach), 
curriculum vitae, a sample of scholarly writing, transcript of 
graduate studies, and three letters of reference by November 5, 2008 to: 

Hofstra College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, 115 Hofstra University, 
Hempstead, New York 11549, HCLAS@ hofstra .edu 

Hofstra University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to fostering 
diversity in its faculty, administrative staff and student body, and 
encourages applications from the entire spectrum of a diverse community. 

For more information about the listed positions please go to: hofstra .edu/ 
Jobs and click on Faculty Jobs. 

Hunter C, CUNY 

English, 
695 Park Av New York NY 10065 

Assistant Professor of 19th Century African American Literature 4163 

http:// www .hunter .cuny .edu/ ~en glish/ 


The Hunter College, CUNY Department of English 
invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position to teach and to publish 
scholarship in 19th century African American literature. Candidates 
should be able to teach 18th and early 20th century African American 
literature as well as our undergraduate “Survey of American literature: 
Origins to the Civil War.” The position is at the Assistant Professor rank 
and begins in the fall of 2009. Applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by the 
starting date. We seek candidates with strong commitments to teaching 
undergraduate and graduate students from diverse cultural backgrounds 
and who show excellent scholarly potential. The salary rate is $38,801- 
$71,732, commensurate with experience. Interviews will be conducted at 
the MLA Convention in San Francisco. Please submit a letter describing 
research and teaching interests, a CV, writing sample, and three letters 
of recommendation by Nov 1, 2008 to Professor Barbara Webb, Chair 
of the 19th century African American Literature Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
Hunter College, CUNY, 695 Park Ave, New York 
NY 10065. Hunter College is an EO/AA/ADA/ IRCA employer. 
We are 
strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. 



Long Island U 

English, 
1 University Plz Brooklyn NY 11201 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Composition & Rhetoric, with WC/WPA 
experience 3831 

http:// www .liu .edu 

The English 
Department at the Brooklyn campus of Long Island University 
anticipates, pending budget approval, a September 2009 opening 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Composition and Rhetoric, with 
experience in Writing Center or Writing Program administration. Candidates 
with a background in Classical Rhetoric preferred. A Ph.D. in 
Composition and Rhetoric or English 
with specialization in Composition 
and Rhetoric is required. 

At LIU Brooklyn, the Directors of the Writing Center and Writing Program 
rotate in three-year terms. We are seeking a colleague who will 
become the WC or WP Director within 1–2 years of being hired. All faculty 
are expected to teach composition as well as advanced undergraduate 
and graduate courses. The position of Assistant Professor requires nine 
credit-hours of teaching per semester, research and publication, and active 
service to the University. The Directors of the WC and WP teach six 
credits per semester. 

Long Island University is a private, non-sectarian university located in the 
heart of revitalized downtown Brooklyn. The Brooklyn campus is home 
to 11,000 students and serves an ethnically and economically diverse population. 
Assistant Professors start at $61,043. For more information about 
the University, see http:// www .brooklyn .liu .edu 

Review of applications begins October 15, 2008. Please submit letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, and a statement of 
teaching philosophy to: 

Sealy Gilles, Chair, English 
Department, Long Island University, One 
University Plaza, Brooklyn, NY 11201 

LIU is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. 
The English 
Department has a strong commitment to promoting diversity: women and 
persons of color are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Long Island U 

English, 
720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548 

Assistant Professor of American Poetry 4193 

http:// www .cwpost .liu .edu/ cwis/ cwp/ clas/ en glish/ 
en glish 
.htm 

LIU, C W Post, 720 Northern Blvd, English, 
Greenvale NY 11548-1300. 
Probable tenure-line asst. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. 
Field: American poetry (including but not limited to contemporary 
poetry) with background and experience to administer a reading series 
for guest poets. The successful candidate will also have experience or expertise 
in teaching wide-ranging surveys of Western literature for nonmajors. 
Scholarly publications required. To begin September 2009. Salary 
and teaching load: competitive. E-mail applications preferred and acknowledged 
by return e-mail; applications by surface mail acknowledged 
if return postcard is provided. By 03 November 2008, send cover letter 
and CV to Edmund Miller, Chair. Please do not send copies of publications 
or letters of reference at this time. Interviews at MLA Convention. 
edmund .miller@ liu .edu [R] 

Marymount Manhattan C 

Humanities, 221 E 71 St New York NY 10021 

Assistant Professor/ Instructor of English: 
Medieval/ Renaissance
Literature 3779 

http:// www .mmm .edu 

The Department of English 
at Marymount Manhattan College seeks a 
specialist to teach upper-level courses in Medieval and Renaissance Literature, 
beginning Fall 2009, pending budget approval. 

The ideal candidate will have knowledge of Old and Middle English 
and be prepared to teach courses in the literature of the early and middle 
English 
periods, continental literature in translation, the British Renaissance, 
and comparative approaches to Renaissance/ Early Modern studies. 
Secondary ability to teach courses in gender theory, film and literature, or 
cultural studies is desirable. All English 
faculty teach lower-level courses 
in literature and theory and first-year interdisciplinary writing seminars. 
Ph.D. in English 
or related field preferred; ABD, close to completion, 
will be considered with appointment at the Instructor rank. A productive 
scholarly research agenda is also required. 

MMC faculty have a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching in 
a liberal arts environment. In conjunction with teaching responsibilities, 
full-time faculty members are expected to participate in divisional and 
college meetings, advise students, engage in productive scholarly research, 
including curriculum development and other service to the college. 
Marymount Manhattan College is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 


Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, contact information for three 
references, and evidence of teaching effectiveness by November 15, 2008 
to: 

Dr. Martha Sledge, English 
department, Marymount Manhattan College, 
221 East 71st Street, NY, NY 10021 

New York U 

English, 
19 Univ Pl, Rm 503 New York NY 10003 

Tenured Position-Faculty 3573 

http:// www .cwp .fas .nyu .edu 

Department of English 


Creative Writing Program 

Arts and Science 

The Creative Writing Program at New York University seeks a renowned 
fiction writer of national reputation who will play a leading role within 
the Creative Writing Program, and will hold a tenured appointment in 
the Department of English. 
Position to begin September 1, 2009, pending 
final administrative and budgetary approval. An extensive and distinguished 
publication record and demonstrated excellence in teaching at 
the university level expected. Responsibilities include teaching graduate 
and undergraduate fiction workshops and craft classes, mentoring students, 
and serving on the graduate admissions committee. The successful 
candidate will join a prominent writing program and an award-winning 
faculty. For more information about the program, including a list of our 
faculty, visit our website at www .cwp .fas .nyu .edu. 

Applications will be reviewed through December 31, 2008. Send letter and c.v. 
to Deborah Landau, Director, Creative Writing Program, New York 
University, Lillian Vernon Creative Writers House, 58 West 10th Street, 
New York, NY 10011. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 


New York U 

English, 
19 Univ Pl, Rm 503 New York NY 10003 

Distinguished Faculty Member-Fiction 3546 

http:// www .cwp .fas .nyu .edu 

Department of English 


Creative Writing Program 

Arts and Science 

The Creative Writing Program at New York University invites applications 
for a Distinguished Fiction Writer in Residence. Position to begin 
September 1, 2009, pending final administrative and budgetary approval. 
Evidence of successful teaching at the university level and a strong publication 
record expected. Duties include teaching graduate and undergraduate 
workshops and craft classes in fiction, mentoring and advising 
students, supervising graduate thesis projects, and serving on the graduate 




admissions 
committee. The successful candidate will join a prominent 
writing program and an award-winning faculty. For more information 
about the program, including a list of our faculty, visit our website at 
www .cwp .fas .nyu .edu. 

Applications will be reviewed through December 31, 2008. Send letter and c.v. 
to Deborah Landau, Director, Creative Writing Program, New York 
University, Lillian Vernon Creative Writers House, 58 West 10th Street, 
New York, NY 10011. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 


New York U 

Social & Cultural Analysis, 41 East 11th Street New York NY 10003 

Faculty Position 3543 

http:// www .nyu .edu 

Department of Social and Cultural Analysis-Latino Studies Program 

ARTS AND SCIENCE 

The Department of Social and Cultural Analysis seeks to appoint a Latino 
Studies scholar at the level of an advanced assistant or recently tenured 
associate professor to begin September 1, 2009, pending budgetary 
and administrative approval. We seek a scholar with a specialization in 
gender and sexuality, or comparative ethnic studies. We especially invite 
applications from candidates with interdisciplinary training and/or with 
a transnational perspective. Demonstrable expertise in an area of social 
or cultural theory is required. In addition to undergraduate teaching, the 
candidate hired will teach and advise graduate students in the American 
studies doctoral program, and will assume a leadership role in developing 
Latino Studies at New York University. 

Send letter of application, CV, names of 3 referees, and a 20-page writing 
sample to Latino Studies Search Committee, New York University, 
41 East 11th Street, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10003-4602. Deadline for 
receipt of application is October 10, 2008. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 


Niagara U 

English, 
PO Box 2035 Niagara University NY 14109 

Assistant Professor-English 
(Rhetoric and Composition) 4071 

http:// www .niagara .edu/ en glish/ 


Niagara University, a private Catholic, predominately undergraduate, 
institution sponsored by the Vincentian community seeks a full-time 
Assistant Professor in English 
with a specialization in Rhetoric and Composition 
for a tenure-track appointment in the English 
Department starting 
in Fall 2009. 

Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. by August 2009 with specialization in 
Rhetoric and Composition. Experience and interest in one or more of 
the following: rhetorical theory; English 
education; creative writing; professional 
writing. An active program of research, potential for scholarly 
publication, demonstrated excellence in teaching, and service to the University, 
the profession, and the community are expected. 

The successful candidate will teach Niagara’s first-year composition program 
(WRT 100) as well as writing/ rhetoric courses for students pursuing 
English 
majors, English 
education majors and writing studies minors. The 
teaching load for 2009–2010 is 4 courses/3 courses (12 hours/9 hours). 
Teaching loads for all faculty will be permanently reduced to 3 courses 
per semester (9 hours) beginning in 2010–2011, Release time for research 
and/or administrative duties is available. 

Salary commensurate with like institutions; excellent benefits. 

To apply, please send a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
recommendation and unofficial graduate transcripts by NOVEMBER 3 
to: 

Dr. Jeanne Laurel, Chair, English 
Department, PO Box 2035, Niagara 
University, NY 14109-2035. 

AA/EOE [R] 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 
65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 
3963 

http:// www .qcpages.qc.edu/ en glish 


We seek applicants with training in rhetoric and composition for a tenure-
track assistant professor position. Advanced assistant professors are 
invited to apply. Applicants should demonstrate an ability to lead a writing 
program in an institution with a strong curricular focus on writing. 
Experience in a second field of interest, including digital media, desired. 
We offer the opportunity to teach a range of courses in the major and the 
Master’s programs at a diverse urban liberal arts institution. Continued 
research and publication expected. PhD required as well as demonstrated 
excellence in scholarship and teaching. Salary range $38,801-$67,092 
commensurate with experience; excellent benefits. Please send letter of 
application, vita and dossier by November 20, 2008 to Nancy R. Comley, 
Chair; Department of English, 
Queens College, CUNY, Flushing, NY 
11367-1592. AA/EOE/ ADA [R] 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 
65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 
3961 

http:// www .qcpages.qc.edu/ en glish 


We seek applicants in Transnational American literature for a tenure-
track assistant professor position .Specialty in one or more of 
the fol lowing areas required:Lat ina/ Lat ino;South Asian;Asian- 
American;African;Caribbean;Black Atlantic; Native American. Continued 
research and publication expected. Opportunity to teach major and 
master’s level courses in a diverse urban setting. PhD required as well 
as demonstrated excellence in scholarship and teaching. Salary range 
$38,801-$67,092 commensurate with experience; excellent benef its. 
Please send letter of application, vita and dossier to Nancy R. Comley, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Queens College, CUNY, Flushing, NY 
11367. [R] 

Rochester Inst of Tech 

English, 
92 Lomb Memorial Dr Rochester NY 14623 

Writing Program Director, Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor 3868 

http:// www .rit .edu 

Tenure-track position beginning July 2009. Required qualifications: PhD 
in Composition and Rhetoric, college teaching experience, and administrative 
experience in WPA. Composition is a foundational component of 
RIT’s core curriculum and a strategic part of the Institute’s mission. We 
seek candidates who approach composition with fresh critical and theoretical 
perspectives. The Writing Program Director shapes and implements 
the composition program and teaches composition and upper-division 
courses. The Director’s duties include scheduling courses in the first-year 
writing program, hiring and supervising part-time faculty, and coordinating 
the composition program. The teaching load is one course per quarter. 
In addition to a strong research agenda, and outstanding strengths in 
the undergraduate classroom, the successful candidate will have excellent 
communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills. 

A letter of application with three references identified and a CV should be 
electronically submitted to Peggy Mack at pjmgla@ rit .edu and should be 
addressed to Dr. Sandra Saari, Search Chair, Department of English, 
College 
of Liberal Arts, Rochester Institute of Technology, 92 Lomb Memorial 
Drive, Rochester, NY 14623-5604. A specific on-line application is 
also required: apply online at https:// mycareer .rit .edu and search for IRC 
#25320. Application deadline is November 7, 2008. [R] 



Saint John Fisher C 

English, 
3690 East Av Rochester NY 14618 

Assistant Professor of English 
3569 

http:// www .sjfc .edu AND http:// home .sjfc .edu/ En glish/ 


Tenure-track position in composition/ rhetoric; Ph.D. in composition/ 
rhetoric or English 
with a strong focus on composition and rhetoric (degree 
completed by September 2009), to teach introductory and upper level 
courses in writing and rhetorical theory. A specialty in cultural rhetorics, 
globalization, ethnic literatures or postcolonial studies is desirable. Successful 
teaching experience is essential. 

St. John Fisher College offers a 3/3 teaching load and small class sizes. 
The English 
major in writing is vibrant, staffed by dynamic teachers and 
mentors, and integrates both writing and literature faculty. We seek a 
creative, collaborative, and energetic professional with a commitment to 
undergraduate education to teach a variety of courses in a multi-faceted 
writing major and to work with other writing and literature faculty. The 
successful candidate will teach a variety of courses in the writing major 
and in the college’s first-year Learning Community program, and will 
be expected to contribute to writing curriculum development within the 
major and college-wide. Opportunities exist to create new courses in a 
supportive departmental environment. 

Rochester is a nexus of commerce and the arts, home to seven colleges 
and universities and several major corporations. St. John Fisher College is 
a comprehensive institution enrolling approximately 3,000 full-and parttime 
students, and is a collaborative community dedicated to teaching 
and learning in a personalized educational environment. The College is 
guided by its Catholic heritage, as expressed in the motto of its founders, 
the Basilian Fathers: “teach me goodness, discipline, and knowledge.” 
Through an education rooted in the liberal arts, we prepare individuals 
for lives of intellectual, professional, and civic integrity, in which diversity 
and service to others are valued and practiced. 

To learn more and apply for this position, please visit our website at 
https:// jobs .sjfc .edu. The deadline for applications is November 12. Men 
and women, and members of all racial and ethnic groups are encouraged 
to apply. Contact Deborah VanderBilt, English 
Department chair, at 
dvanderbilt@ sjfc .edu for any questions or clarifications. [R] 

Saint Lawrence U 

English, 
Romoda Dr Canton NY 13617 

Communication Studies and Journalism-Assistant Professor, Tenure-
Track 3687 

http:// www .stlawu .edu/ 

New Position in Communication Studies and Journalism: Joint Appointment 
at the level of Assistant Professor in English 
and Performance & 
Communication Arts. 

St. Lawrence University invites applications for a tenure-track position 
serving both the English 
and Performance & Communication Arts departments 
beginning in the fall of 2009. Preference will be given to applicants 
whose approach underscores the practical and theoretical linkages 
among communication studies and journalism. The successful applicant 
will be an interdisciplinary scholar and teacher, one who has college-level 
experience teaching courses such as journalism, introduction to media 
studies, and introduction to communication studies. Letters of application 
should speak to areas of specialization and how the candidate’s teaching 
and/or scholarship speaks to the intersection of communication studies 
and journalism. The normal teaching load is 3 courses per semester one of 
which will involve working with the campus newspaper, The Hill News. 
We encourage applications from candidates who bring diverse cultural, 
ethnic, theoretical, and national perspectives to bear on their writing and 
teaching. The individual in this position will be encouraged to teach periodically 
in the First Year Program (a team-taught, interdisciplinary program 
that, as part of the general education curriculum for all first-year 
students at St. Lawrence, seeks to develop skills in critical thinking, writing, 
oral communication, and research). Degree requirements: Ph.D. or 
other appropriate terminal degree will be considered. 

Please send a letter of application, a vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and sample syllabi for two relevant courses to Peter Bailey and Randall 
Hill, Co-Chairs, Communication Studies & Journalism Search Committee, 
Performance & Communication Arts Department, St. Lawrence 
University, Canton, NY 13617. Review of applications will begin on November 
1, 2008, and continue until the position has been filled. 

St. Lawrence University is an Aff irmative Action/ Equal Employment 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. See http:// www .stlawu .edu/ for more 
information. 

Skidmore C 

English, 
815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866 

Writer in Residence (Fiction) 3700 

http:// cms .skidmore .edu/ index .cfm 

A permanent, one semester (fall) per academic year appointment in a department 
with a very strong creative writing faculty. Required qualifications 
include a record of distinguished publication in fiction and relevant 
teaching experience at the college or university level. The successful candidate 
will be prepared to teach workshops at the introductory, intermediate 
and advanced levels, and will also demonstrate an ability and willingness 
to oversee independent student work and to teach occasional courses in 
literature. MFA or equivalent required. The department expects to hire 
at a level comparable to that of an Assistant Professor. The teaching load 
alternates between two and three courses, generally all of them fiction 
workshops with a maximum of fifteen students each. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications. Starting date September 1, 2009. Send cover letter, 
vita with names of at least three references, and writing sample (chapter or 
story length) to Prof. Linda Simon, Chair, Department of English, 
Skidmore 
College, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866. Review of applications begins 
October 15. All applications will be acknowledged. Interviews will be 
held at MLA convention. Skidmore encourages applications from women 
and men of diverse racial, ethnic and cultural backgrounds. 

Skidmore College is committed to being an inclusive campus community 
and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
does not discriminate in its 
hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, 
color, national origin, religion, age, disability, family or marital status, or 
sexual orientation. [R] 

Skidmore C 

English, 
815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866 

Creative Writing: Poetry 3702 

http:// cms .skidmore .edu/ index .cfm 

Senior-level appointment (Associate or full Professor), tenure-track, for a 
poet with a distinguished record of publication and teaching experience, 
to direct a small, prestigious undergraduate creative writing program. 
Starting date September 1, 2009. The successful candidate will join a very 
strong creative writing faculty to conduct workshops in poetry writing 
at both introductory and advanced levels, oversee independent study in 
poetry writing, and teach occasional courses in literature. Teaching load 
is 2 courses per semester; maximum enrollment in writing workshops is 
15. Salary commensurate with qualifications. Include c.v. with application 
letter addressed to: Linda Simon, Chair, English 
Dept., Skidmore C, 
815 N. Broadway, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866. Review of applications 
begins October 15. All applications will be acknowledged. Preliminary 
interviews will be held in December at MLA convention in San Francisco. 
Skidmore College encourages applications from women and men of 
diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds. 

Skidmore College is committed to being an inclusive campus community 
and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
does not discriminate in its 
hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, 



color, national origin, religion, age, disability, family or marital status, or 
sexual orientation. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 
350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 4225 

http:// www .brockport .edu/ en glish/ 


Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, coordination of Film Studies minor, advisement 
of minors, service to the department and college, and direction 
of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English 
or Film Studies; a record of 
teaching success; a record of scholarship in Film Studies; evidence of potential 
for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity 
of the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/ mentoring 
or research activities. SUNY Brockport is a comprehensive college 
of approximately 9,000 students located in the village of Brockport on 
the Erie Canal, minutes from the city of Rochester. English 
is a dynamic 
and productive department of 20 full-time and 20 part-time faculty with 
approximately 425 majors, an active creative writing program, and an 
MA program. Please apply online at www .brockportrecruit .org. Applicants 
are encouraged to apply by October 31 for early consideration; we 
will continue accepting applications until the position is filled. Search is 
contingent on final budgetary approval. SUNY Brockport is an EOE/ 
AAE. [R] 

SU of New York, New Paltz 

English, 
JFT 714 600 Hawk Dr New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Late Nineteenth-Century 
American Literature 4084 

http:// www .newpaltz .edu/hr/displayjobs .cfm?type=Faculty 

Duties: Primary teaching responsibilities will include undergraduate and 
graduate courses in late nineteenth-century 
American literature, part I of 
our undergraduate American literature survey (Colonial through c. 1900), 
and one or more 100-or 200-level general education courses offered by 
the English 
Department. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in late nineteenth- 
century 
American literature and culture, or Ph.D. in American Studies 
with a literary emphasis. ABDs with a degree-conferral date not later than 
6/09 will also be considered. We seek candidates with a strong commitment 
to excellent teaching and serious scholarship. 

Contact Information: Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts (official 
transcripts are not required at this point), three letters of recommendation, 
writing sample (chapter or article), and one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy to: 

Dr. Nancy Johnson, Chair, Americanist Search Committee, English 
Department 
JFT 714, SUNY New Paltz, 600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY 
12561-2443 

Kindly reference Search F08–16 on all correspondence and enclosures. 

Deadline: November 1, 2008. [R] 

SU of New York, New Paltz 

English, 
JFT 714 600 Hawk Dr New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 3896 

http:// www .newpaltz .edu/hr/displayjobdetails .cfm?id=934 

Primary teaching responsibilities will include undergraduate and graduate 
courses for the Linguistics Program and the Department of English, 
including 
Introduction to Linguistics, Syntax, Semantics, Morphology, the Development 
of Modern English, 
Bilingualism, Practical Grammar, and others. 
The successful candidate will also participate in a growing Linguistics Program, 
including course development, student advising, and assessment. 

Ph.D. with specialization in formal linguistics (syntax, semantics, morphology, 
and phonology). Strong preference will be given to candidates 
with a secondary specialization in Historical Linguistics/ History of English, 
Language Acquisition, Bilingualism, and/or Socio-linguistics/ Dialect 
Studies. 

We seek candidates with a strong commitment to excellent teaching and 
serious scholarship. Note search #F08–11 on all materials submitted in 
connection with this search, including a cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
examples of scholarly work, and names, addresses and telephone numbers 
of three references to: 

Dr. Margaret Wade-Lewis and Dr. Dan Kempton, Linguistics Search 
Committee, Faculty Office Building West-2, SUNY New Paltz, New 
Paltz, NY 12561-2443 

Review of applications will begin on October 15, 2008. The search will 
remain open until the position is filled. 

SUNY New Paltz is an AA/EOE/ ADA employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 
306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Assistant Professor of 19th Century British Literature 4115 

Tenure-track position at the assistant-professor level in 19th-century 
British literature, starting Fall 2009. Application deadline: November 
15, 2008. Teaching load, salary, benefits and privileges competitive 
with other Research-1 universities. Submit letter of application, dissertation 
abstract, CV, and a list of recommenders electronically http:// www 
.ubjobs .buffalo .edu under Department of English, 
British Literature. For 
information, contact Professor Rachel Ablow, Chair of the Search Committee 
(rablow@ buffalo .edu). 

The University at Buffalo is an aff irmative action/ equal opportunity 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 
306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Advanced Assistant or Tenured Associate Professor of Composition 4114 

http:// buffalo .edu 

Tenure-track advanced assistant or tenured associate professor, starting 
Fall 2009, to teach Rhetoric and Composition and eventually serve as 
Director of Composition and Teaching Fellows. Strongest consideration 
will be given to candidates with Ph.D. in Rhetoric/ Composition or related 
field, minimum three years full-time college or university teaching, 
and experience in writing program administration. Teaching load, salary, 
benefits and privileges competitive with other Research-1 universities. 
Submit letter of application, CV, and a list of recommenders electronically 
at http:// www .ubjobs .buffalo .edu under Department of English, 
Composition. 
For information, contact Professor Arabella Lyon (alyon@ buffalo 
.edu) or Professor Stacy Hubbard, Chair of the Search Committee (sch1@ 
buffalo .edu). Applications submitted by November 15, 2008 will receive 
the fullest consideration. The University at Buffalo is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. 

SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

English, 
Stony Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor 4266 

http:// www .sunysb .edu/ en glish/ 


Stony Brook seeks a medievalist for a tenure-track position at the level 
of Assistant Professor. We are looking for a productive scholar who will 
teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Old English, 
Middle English, 
and the history of the English 
language. Teaching load will be two 
courses each semester. The Ph.D. should be in or at hand by 9/1/09. Letters 
of application with CV should be postmarked no later than November 
1 to Stephen Spector, Chairman, Department of English, 
Stony Brook 
University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5350. Stony Brook is an Equal Op



portunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
If you require a disability-related 
accommodation, contact sspector@ notes .sunysb .edu. [R] 

SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

English, 
Stony Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor 4259 

http:// www .sunysb .edu/ en glish/ 


Stony Brook seeks candidates for one, or possibly two, tenure-track positions 
in African American Literature and Culture at the level of Assistant 
Professor. Teaching load will be two courses each semester, with classes on 
both the undergraduate and the graduate level. The Ph.D. should be in or 
at hand by 9/1/09. Letters of application with CV should be postmarked 
no later than November 1 to Stephen Spector, Chairman, Department of 
English, 
Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5350. Stony 
Brook is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
If you require 
a disability-related accommodation, contact sspector@ notes .sunysb 
.edu. [R] 

SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

Women’s Studies, Stony Brook NY 11794 

Associate/ Full Professor (Chair) 3631 

http:// www .stonybrook .edu/ jobs 

Stony Brook University’s Women’s Studies Program invites applications 
for the appointment of Associate or Full Professor (Chair), effective September 
1, 2009. The Women’s Studies Program at Stony Brook is an interdisciplinary 
academic program that offers a major, minor, and graduate 
certificate. 

Required: Ph.D. in social sciences, behavioral sciences, humanities, arts, 
or interdisciplinary fields and a distinguished record of feminist scholarship 
and teaching are required. Preferred: Certificate, M.A. or Ph.D. in 
Women’s Studies and Administrative experience, especially in women’s 
studies or other interdisciplinary programs. The tenure home of the successful 
candidate will be in Women’s Studies. The candidate should share 
the program’s commitment to interdisciplinary studies and be eager to 
lead in its expansion. Review of applications will begin October 1, 2008; 
to guarantee consideration, please apply by that date. Applications will 
continue to be reviewed until the position is filled. 

For a full position description visit www .stonybrook .edu/ jobs (REF: F- 
5136–08–08-S). To apply, send Curriculum Vitae, statement of research 
and teaching interests, samples of publications, and three letters of references 
to Search Committee, Women’s Studies Program, 105 Old Chemistry 
Building, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-3456. 

Equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 


Union C 

English, 
Humanities Bldg Schenectady NY 12308 

Assistant Professor of Irish Literature 3753 

http:// www .union .edu/ PUBLIC/ EGLDEPT/ index .html 

Tenure Track, Assistant Professor, Irish literature and culture (particular 
interest in 21st century literature, literary theory, feminist theory, film), 
Ph.D. required by fall, 2009. Applicants must be committed to both excellent 
teaching and publication. 2–2-2 load in trimester system. First year 
course reduction. Courses to include classes in Irish literature and culture, 
contemporary Ireland, 21st century Irish fiction and poetry, Irish women’s 
writing, feminist approaches to Irish literature, the college’s introductory 
course for first year students, and the department’s introduction to fiction 
or poetry. Send letter of application outlining experience, areas of teaching 
interest, and publications, as well as CV, three letters of recommendation, 
and writing sample, postmarked by October 1, 2008, to: Jordan 
Smith, Chair, English 
Department, Union College, 807 Union Street, 
Schenectady, NY 12308. Union College is an equal opportunity employer 
and is strongly committed to student and workforce diversity. [R] 

Yeshiva U 

English, 
500 W 185th St New York NY 10033 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Studies 3792 

http:// www.yu.edu/ yeshivacollege/ departments/ en glish/ 
page.as 

The Yeshiva College English 
Department invites applications for a full 
time tenure-track position IN MEDIEVAL STUDIES WITH A SPECIAL 
EMPHASIS ON LITERATURE AND CULTURE at the assistant or 
advanced assistant level. Substantial teaching experience; Ph.D. in hand by 
June 2009. Engaged in scholarly and curricular dialogue and innovation; 
scholarship informed by historical and theoretical methodologies. 

Our ideal candidate will be prepared to teach the literature of the Early 
and Middle English 
periods and has secondary expertise or interest in 
any of the following: continental literature in translation, the early Renaissance, 
History of the English 
Language, gender theory, material and 
visual culture, genre and comparative cultural studies. Ability to teach 
gateway course in interpretive practices, first-year writing courses, and 
honors courses. Enthusiasm and skill in all these arenas will be amply rewarded 
by collegial faculty and avid students. 

Please send letter of application and vita to Adam Zachary Newton, 
Chair, Department of English. 
Letters must be received by November 6, 
2008. Dossiers will be requested after initial screening. Interviews of selected 
candidates will be held at the MLA convention on the days of Dec 
28–30th. Yeshiva University is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

North Ca rolina 

Belmont Abbey C 

English, 
Belmont NC 28012 

Assistant Professor of English 
4094 

http:// www .belmontabbeycollege .edu 

Tenure-track position in English 
at the Assistant Professor level beginning 
August 2009, for an individual with a broad, deep knowledge of the 
Catholic Intellectual Tradition who is able to teach Catholic writers of the 
Southeast such as Flannery O’Connor and Walker Percy, and twentieth- 
century 
Catholic writers such as Graham Greene, Evelyn Waugh, Tolkien, 
and C.S. Lewis. The successful candidate will also be expected to 
teacdh composition, and English 
and World Literature surveys, and may 
be asked to participate in an interdisciplinary great books program. Ph.D. 
required. Candidates need to demonstrate a strong commitment to excellence 
in teaching. Normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per 
semester. Please send letter of application and vita with list of references to 
Mike Hood, Chair, Department of English, 
Belmont Abbey College, 100 
Belmont-Mt. Holly Road, Belmont, NC 28012. 

Duke U 

English, 
Box 90015, 314 Allen Bldg Durham NC 27708 

Associate Professor of Theater Studies 3944 

http:// www .duke .edu/ web/ theaterstudies 

The Duke University Department of Theater Studies seeks an Associate 
Professor (tenure) whose specialty is dramatic literature, theory and/or 
criticism. Our preference is for candidates who have already earned the 
rank of tenured Associate Professor, who are experts in any aspect of modern 
or postmodern drama and whose work in some way ties performance 
to scholarship, e.g. through dramaturgy or directing. The department is 
particularly interested in candidates whose work focuses on Anglophone 
drama from a perspective that crosses linguistic, cultural or other boundaries 
(e.g. race, sexuality; Francophone, Hispanic, African or Asian traditions). 
Send letter of application, c.v., and a list of referees with email 
addresses to Literature Search, Duke University Department of Theater 
Studies, Box 90680, Durham, NC 27708-0680. Applications received before 
November 15 will be guaranteed serious consideration. Duke University 
is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 



Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant Professor of English 
4103 

http:// www .uncfsu .edu 

Fayetteville State University announces a tenure-track position in Composition 
and Rhetoric. The candidate must have written a dissertation 
in the appropriate area, and have a demonstrable commitment to both 
teaching and scholarship. Experience with scientific and technical writing 
would be helpful. 

Send a letter of application, a vita and three references to Edward McShane, 
Chair, Dept. of English 
and Foreign Languages, Fayetteville State 
University, Fayetteville, N.C. 28301. Postmark deadline is Nov. 15, 2008. 
MLA and/or campus interviews. Fayetteville State is an qual Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

North Carolina Central U 

English, 
PO Box 19437 Durham NC 27707 

Assistant Professor or Associate Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 4082 

http:// www .nccu .edu 

The Department of English 
and Mass Communication at North Carolina 
Central University invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Composition and Rhetoric. Candidates should be prepared to teach firstyear 
composition and upper-level writing courses. Ability to teach courses 
in literature, digital media, and professional writing a plus. 

Required qualifications: Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric or English 
Studies with a Composition/ Rhetoric concentration plus evidence of successful 
college-level teaching and publication potential (if the Ph.D. is recent) 
or a continuous record of peer-reviewed publication. ABDs will be 
considered. 

Preferred qualifications: Experience with and sensitivity to a diverse student 
body, especially non-traditional and minority students. 

Candidates should send a letter of interest, vita, official transcripts of highest 
degree earned, three letters of recommendation (including name, address, 
telephone, and fax/ email of recommenders) to Dr. James Pearce, 
Chairperson, Department of English 
and Mass Communication, North 
Carolina Central University, 1801 Fayetteville Street, Durham, NC 
27707 

Review of applications will begin on October 15. We will consider appointments 
at the Assistant or Associate Professor level. 

North Carolina Central University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of North Carolina, Charlotte 

English, 
9201 University City Blvd Charlotte NC 28223 

Assistant Professor of English 
Specializing in African American 
Literature 4362 

http:// www .en glish 
.uncc .edu/ 

UNC Charlotte invites applications for the position of assistant professor 
of English 
specializing in African American literature beginning August, 
2009, pending funding approval. 

Required qualifications include: a Ph.D. in English, 
with primary expertise 
in pre-1900 African American literature; evidence of a strong potential 
for professional development as a scholar. Desired qualifications 
include: interests in diaspora or Black Atlantic studies, drama, Caribbean 
literature, and/or other areas in African American literature. 

UNC Charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity 
of all individuals is respected and maintained. Therefore, we celebrate diversity 
that includes, but is not limited to ability/ disability, age, culture, 
ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socioeconomic 
status. AA/EOE. 

This appointment is a 9-month position. The teaching load for tenuretrack 
faculty in their first four years is 2/2; in subsequent years it is set in 
relation to research productivity. 

For consideration, apply online at https:// jobs .uncc .edu with a letter of 
application, vita, and the names of three referees. Candidates invited to 
interview will be asked to provide an official transcript, a writing sample, 
and three original letters of recommendation to Dr. Malin Pereira, Chair, 
Department of English, 
UNC Charlotte, 9201 University City Blvd., 
Charlotte, NC 28223-0001. Screening of applicants will begin October 
15, 2008, and will continue until the position is filled. 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English 
& Theatre, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of Composition/ Rhetoric 4131 

http:// www .uncp .edu 

Composition/ Rhetoric. Full-time tenure-track assistant professor position, 
beginning August 2009, in a growing, student-centered department 
and university, with recently expanded composition/ rhetoric offerings. 
Ph.D. in Composition/ Rhetoric required; ABDs considered. Specializations 
of particular interest include basic writing, computers and composition, 
digital rhetorics, minority rhetorics, and professional writing. 
Interest and experience in writing program administration a plus as program 
administrative duties rotate. A 4/4 teaching load; service and scholarly 
activity expected. Rank/ salary commensurate with credentials and 
experience. Applicants must apply online at http:// www .uncp .edu/hr. 
Vitae and letter of application describing teaching and research interests 
must be attached to the online application. Applicants should also mail 
hard copies of three letters of recommendation and transcripts to Dr. Teagan 
Decker, Composition/ Rhetoric Search Chair, Department of English 
and Theatre, University of North Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, 
One University Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. Additional application 
materials, such as sample syllabi and teaching evaluations, my be requested 
of finalists. UNCP values diversity and welcomes applications from minorities. 
For more information about UNC Pembroke and the department, 
see the university website at www .uncp .edu. Consideration of 
candidates will begin November 10 and continue until position is filled. 
AA/EOE [R] 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English 
& Theatre, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of Adolescent Literature/ English 
Education 4125 

http:// www .uncp .edu 

Adolescent Literature/ English 
Education. Full-time tenure-track position, 
beginning August 2009, in a growing, student-centered department with 
undergraduate and graduate programs in English 
Education. Necessary 
expertise/ credentials in literature for adolescents and in first-year composition 
teaching. Doctorate in English 
Education or doctorate in English 
with credentials demonstrating involvement/ experience in secondary education 
required. (ABDs considered.) Must hold or be eligible to hold NC 
public school teaching licensure and must be committed to interactiion 
with the public schools. 4/4 teaching load consisting of first-year composition, 
general education literature, adolescent literature, and English 
Education courses, with expectation of future student teaching supervision 
and graduate-level teaching. Scholarly activity and university service 
expected. Rank/ salary commensurate with credentials and experience. 
Applicants must apply online at http:// www .uncp .edu/hr. Vitae and letter 
of application (presenting experience and commitment in the areas of 
adolescent literature and college composition) must be attached to the online 
application. Applicants should also mail hard copies of three letters of 
recommendation and academic transcripts to Dr. Roger Ladd, Adolescent 
Literature Search Committee Chair, Department of English 
and Theatre, 
University of North Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One University 
Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. Additional application materials, 
such as sample syllabi and teaching evaluations, may be requested of finalists. 
UNCP values diversity and welcomes applications from minorities. 



For information about UNC Pembroke and the department, see the university 
webiste at www .uncp .edu. Consideration of candidates will begin 
November 10 and continue until position is filled. AA/EOE [R] 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English 
& Theatre, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of Applied Linguistics 4121 

http:// www .uncp .edu 

Applied Linguistics/ TESOL. Full-time tenure-track assistant professor 
position, beginning August 2009, in a growing, student-centered department 
and university with expanding TESOL programs. Doctorate in 
linguistics or TESOL required; ABD applicants near completion considered. 
A 4/4 teaching load including TESOL courses at undergraduate and 
graduate levels, undergraduate linguistics courses, and first-year English 
composition. Since freshman composition will probably account for half 
of the teaching load, expertise in that area is desirable. Other especially 
attractive areas of interest and training include speech and public school 
teaching. Expectation of service/ scholarly activity. Rank/ salary commensurate 
with credentials and experience. Applicants must apply online at 
http:// www .uncp .edu/hr. Vitae and letter of application describing teaching 
and research interests must be attached to the online application. Applicants 
should also mail hard copies of three letters of recommendation 
and academic transcripts to Dr. Kay McClanahan, Applied Linguistics 
Search Chair, Department of English 
and Theatre, University of North 
Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One University Drive, Pembroke 
NC 28372-1510. Additional application materials, such as sample syllabi 
and teaching evaluations, may be requested of finalists. UNCP values diversity 
and welcomes applications from minorities. For information about 
UNC Pembroke and the department, see the university website at www 
.uncp .edu. Consideration of candidates will begin November 10 and continue 
until position is filled. AA/EOE [R] 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English 
& Theatre, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke NC 28372 

Assistant Professor, Writing in the Disciplines 4134 

http:// www .uncp .edu 

Composition/ Rhetoric: Writing in the Disciplines. Full-time tenuretrack 
assistant professor position, beginning August 2009 in a growing, 
student-centered department and university, with a recently expanded 
composition/ rhetoric curriculum. We seek a colleague with credentials 
and continuing interest in leadership opportunities in Writing in the Disciplines, 
an arena of current focal interest at UNC Pembroke. Ph.D. in 
Composition/ Rhetoric required; ABDs considered. Interest and experience 
in writing program administration a plus as program administrative 
duties rotate. A 4/4 teaching load emphasizing first-year composition. 
Expectation of service/ scholarly activity. Rank/ salary commensurate 
with credentials and experience. Applicants must apply online at http:// 
www .uncp .edu/hr. Vitae and letter of application describing teaching and 
research interests must be attached to the online application. Applicants 
should also mail hard copies of three letters of recommendation and academic 
transcripts to Dr. Anita Guynn, Writing in the Disciplines Search 
Chair, Department of English 
and Theatre, University of North Carolina 
at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One University Drive, Pembroke NC 
28372-1510. Additional application materials, such as sample syllabi and 
teaching evaluations, may be requested of finalists. UNCP values diversity 
and welcomes applications from minorities. For more information 
about UNC Pembroke and the department, see the university website at 
www .uncp .edu. Consideration of candidates will begin November 10 and 
continue until position is filled. AA/EOE [R] 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English 
& Theatre, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of English/ 
Contemporary Literature 4112 

http:// www .uncp .edu 

Contemporary Literature. The University of North Carolina at Pembroke 
seeks applications for an assistant professor to teach contemporary 
literature and first-year composition in a growing, student-centered department. 
Tenure-track position beginning January 5, 2009. We look for 
evidence of successful teaching, research, and other scholarly activities, 
with a commitment to service. The successful candidate will be expected 
to develop and teach undergraduate and/or graduate courses in literature 
and first-year composition, to publish scholarship in literary studies, and 
to serve on committees. Ph.D. required; ABDs who will have degree in 
hand by August 2009 considered. 4/4 course load. Rank/ salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Applicants must apply online 
at http:// www .uncp .edu/hr. Vitae and letter of application describing 
teaching and research interests must be attached to the online application. 
Applicants should also mail hard copies of three letters of recommendation 
and copies of transcripts to Dr. Susan Cannata, Contemporary Literature 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English 
and Theatre, 
UNC Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One University Drive, Pembroke NC 
28372-1510. Additional application materials, such as sample syllabi and 
teaching evaluations, may be requested of finalists. UNCP values diversity 
and welcomes applications from minorities. For more information 
about UNC Pembroke and the department, see the university website at 
www .uncp .edu. Consideration of candidates will begin October 3 and 
continue until the position is filled. AA/EOE [R] 

U of North Carolina, Wilmington 

English, 
601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 
3867 

http:// uncw .edu/ en glish 


Concentration in African-American or Latino Literature 

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor to join us in expanding our curricular offerings in African- 
American literature or U.S. Latino literature, beginning August 2009. 
Applicants should hold a Ph.D. in African-American or U.S. Latino literature 
by 6/1/2009, demonstrate scholarly expertise in the field, and have 
an active and productive research agenda. Applicants should also have a 
demonstrable record of excellent teaching, enthusiasm for curriculum development, 
and a commitment to service in the department and college. 
Responsibilities include teaching literature courses for undergraduate English 
majors and courses at the M.A. level. The typical teaching load for 
research-active faculty is three courses per semester; course listings and 
descriptions can be found at: http:// www .uncw .edu/ english. 
The Department 
of English 
at UNCW is committed to teaching courses in the 
university’s core curriculum and to extending opportunities for faculty 
members to develop and teach courses within their specialties. 

To apply, please complete the online application process available at http:// 
consensus .uncw .edu. A letter of application, CV, and contact information 
for three professional references should be addressed to Barbara Waxman, 
Search Committee Chair, and attached to the online applicationâ€”not 
emailed, mailed, or faxed. Adobe PDF or Microsoft Word attachments 
are required. Review of applications will begin November 1, 2008, and 
continue until the position is filled. For questions about the online application 
process, contact Jane Bullock at (910) 962-3748. Finalists will be 
invited to interview at the MLA Convention in San Francisco. UNCW, 
located in an historical coastal resort city, is ranked among the top ten 
regional public universities in the South. 

UNC Wilmington actively fosters a diverse and inclusive working and 
learning environment and is an equal opportunity employer. 
Qualified 
men and women from all racial, ethnic, or other minority groups are 
strongly encouraged to apply. 



U of North Carolina, Wilmington 

English, 
601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Chair, Department of English 
3871 

http:// uncw .edu/ en glish 


The University of North Carolina Wilmington invites applications for 
the position of Professor and Chair of the Department of English 
in the 
College of Arts and Sciences (http:// uncw .edu/ english). 
The UNCW 
Department of English 
has 38 full-time faculty in literature, rhetoric and 
composition, professional writing, and English 
education, teaching approximately 
250 undergraduate majors and 40 students in our master’s 
program. The Department of English 
makes important contributions to 
UNCW’s core curriculum. 

We seek candidates with an outstanding reputation within the academic 
community who will bring vision and innovative leadership to a multidisciplinary 
department. The ideal candidate will have a Ph. D. in English 
or closely related field and a distinguished record in teaching, scholarship, 
and service appropriate for appointment at the rank of full professor. We 
are committed to a competitive salary. 

To apply, please complete the online application available at http:// 
consensus 
.uncw .edu and attach a letter of application addressed to Colleen 
Reilly, Search Committee Chair; a curriculum vitae; a brief statement of 
administrative philosophy; a description of research and instructional interests; 
and contact information for five professional references. All materials 
should be attached to the online applicationâ€”not emailed, mailed, 
or faxed. Adobe PDF or Microsoft Word attachments are required. 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2008, and continue until 
the position is filled. Finalists will be invited to interview at MLA. The 
position is anticipated to begin July 1, 2009. Under North Carolina law, 
applications and related materials are confidential personnel documents 
and not subject to public release. UNCW ranks sixth among public master’s 
universities in the South according to U.S. News and World Report’s 
America’s Best Colleges and is located in an historic coastal resort city. 

UNC Wilmington actively fosters a diverse and inclusive working and 
learning environment and is an equal opportunity employer. 
Qualified 
men and women from all racial, ethnic, or other minority groups are 
strongly encouraged to apply. 

U of North Carolina, Wilmington 

English, 
601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 
3869 

http:// uncw .edu/ en glish 


Concentration in Professional and Technical Writing 

The Department of English 
at the University of North Carolina Wilmington 
invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship of 
English 
with a concentration in professional and technical writing, beginning 
August 2009. A Ph.D. in English, 
PTW, or a closely related field and 
a demonstrated commitment to teaching and research are required. We 
are particularly interested in candidates with expertise and demonstrated 
research in intercultural communication, visual rhetoric, organizational 
communication, and/or research methods. The strongest candidates will 
have experience teaching in technology-rich environments and be prepared 
to engage in research as well as to contribute to departmental and 
university service. Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate and 
graduate courses in our department’s professional and technical writing 
program. The typical teaching load for research-active faculty is three 
courses per semester; course listings and descriptions can be found at: 
http:// www .uncw .edu/ english. 
The Department of English 
at UNCW is 
committed to teaching courses in the university’s core curriculum and to 
extending opportunities for faculty members to develop and teach courses 
within their specialties. 

To apply, please complete the online application process available at http:// 
consensus .uncw .edu. A letter of application, CV, and contact information 
for three professional references should be addressed to Diana Ashe, 
Search Committee Chair, and attached to the online application—not 
emailed, mailed, or faxed. Adobe PDF or Microsoft Word attachments 
are required. Review of applications will begin November 1, 2008, and 
continue until the position is filled. Finalists will be invited to interview 
at the MLA Convention in San Francisco. UNCW, located in an historical 
coastal resort city, is ranked among the top ten regional public universities 
in the South. 

UNC Wilmington actively fosters a diverse and inclusive working and 
learning environment and is an equal opportunity employer. 
Qualified 
men and women from all racial, ethnic, or other minority groups are 
strongly encouraged to apply. 

Wake Forest U 

English, 
PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track assistant professor in Postcolonial/ Colonial Anglophone 
literature 3843 

http:// www .wfu .edu/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at Wake Forest University seeks a tenuretrack 
assistant professor in Postcolonial/ Colonial Anglophone literature 
of Africa, South Asia, the Caribbean, and/or Australia. ABD or PHD 
required with a commitment to publication and high quality teaching. 
Teaching load is 3/2, with courses ranging from small first-year writing 
seminars to advanced electives and MA-level courses. Salary competitive. 
Send letter and vita only to Claudia Kairoff, Chair, Department of English, 
P.O. Box 7387, Winston-Salem, NC 27109, postmarked by October 
31. AA/EOE. [R] 

Wake Forest U 

English, 
PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track assistant professor in Shakespeare 3845 

http:// www .wfu .edu/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at Wake Forest University seeks a tenuretrack 
assistant professor in Shakespeare with a strong secondary interest 
in English 
drama to 1642. ABD or PHD required with a commitment to 
publication and high quality teaching. Teaching load is 3/2, with courses 
ranging from small first-year writing seminars to advanced electives and 
MA-level courses. Salary competitive. Send letter and vita only to Claudia 
Kairoff, Chair, Department of English, 
P.O. Box 7387, Winston-Salem, 
NC 27109, postmarked by October 31. AA/EOE. [R] 

Ohio 

C of Wooster 

English, 
1189 Beall Avenue 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691 

Assistant Professor of English 
3917 

http:// www .wooster .edu 

Beginning Fall 2009. 

Tenure-track position in modern and contemporary British literature, 
with additional expertise in postcolonial, transnational, women’s, gender, 
and/or queer studies welcome. Teaching in the College’s interdisciplinary 
programs, including First-Year Seminar and the program in writing, is 
expected; teaching load includes five courses a year as well as directing senior 
theses. The College of Wooster provides significant research support, 
including travel funds and a generous leave program. Ph.D. required. Letter 
of application, vita, graduate school transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to Tom Prendergast, Search Chair, Department of English, 
The College of Wooster, 1189 Beall Avenue, Wooster, OH 44691. 
Postmark deadline for applications: November 10, 2008. 

The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and 
sciences with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate 

education. The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women 
and minority candidates, and encourages individuals belonging to these 



groups to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversity by its policy of employing 
persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national 
origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or political affiliation. 
The College of Wooster is an Equal Opportunity/ Aff irmative Action 
Employer. Employment is subject to federal laws requiring verification of 
identity and legal right to work in the United States as required by the 
Immigration Reform and Control Act. Drug-free workplace. [R] 

C of Wooster 

English, 
1189 Beall Avenue 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691 

Assistant Professor of English 
3918 

http:// www .wooster .edu 

Beginning Fall 2009. Tenure-track position in colonial or 19th century 
American literature; we particularly welcome additional expertise in the 
Black Atlantic, comparative study of the Americas, or transnational, ethnic 
American, gender, and/or environmental studies. Teaching in the 
College’s interdisciplinary programs, including First-Year Seminar and 
the program in writing, is expected; teaching load includes five courses 
a year as well as directing senior theses. The College of Wooster provides 
significant research support, including travel funds and a generous leave 
program. Ph.D. required. Letter of application, vita, graduate school transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to Tom Prendergast, Search 
Chair, Department of English, 
The College of Wooster, 1189 Beall Avenue, 
Wooster, OH 44691. Postmark deadline for applications: November 
10, 2008. 

The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and 
sciences with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate education. 
The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and minority 
candidates, and encourages individuals belonging to these groups 
to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversity by its policy of employing 
persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national 
origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or political affiliation. 
The College of Wooster is an Equal Opportunity/ Aff irmative Action 
Employer. 
Employment is subject to federal laws requiring verification of 
identity and legal right to work in the United States as required by the 
Immigration Reform and Control Act. Drug-free workplace. [R] 

Case Western Reserve U 

English, 
10900 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44106 

Teacher of Poetry 4237 

http:// www .case .edu/ artsci/ engl/ 

The Department of English 
in the College of Arts and Sciences at Case 
Western Reserve University invites applications at the rank of Assistant 
Professor for a poet to teach poetry and creative writing. 

Teaching load is 2/2. Salary commensurate with credentials and experience. 
MFA or Ph.D. required. Strongest applicants will be those who 
have teaching competency in a variety of areas. Electronic applications 
preferred (consisting of a letter of application and a c.v.) to William R. 
Siebenschuh, Chair, at wrs2@ case .edu. Other correspondence to William 
R. Siebenschuh, Chair, English 
Department, Case Western Reserve University, 
10900 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44106-7117. Applications 
received by November 10 will receive full consideration. Case Western 
Reserve University is committed to diversity and is an affirmative action, 
equal opportunity employer. 
Applications from women and members of 
minority groups are particularly encouraged. [R] 

Denison U 

English, 
200 Barney Hall Granville OH 43023 

Assistant Professor of English 
in Postcolonial Studies 4276 

http:// www .denison .edu 

Denison University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor of English, 
specializing in postcolonial studies. Applicants whose scholarly interests 
are in African, Caribbean, or African American literature are encouraged 
to apply. The 3/2 teaching assignment typically includes survey-level 
courses, first-year writing courses, and advanced courses of the candidate’s 
design. Position to begin Fall 2009. Ph.D must be in hand by the start of 
the academic year. Interviews at MLA. Denison University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. We welcome a diversity of backgrounds and lifestyles. 
Please submit a letter of application and cv online at employment .denison 
.edu by November 12, 2008. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 
164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Creative Writing 3612 

http:// en glish 
.osu .edu/ jobs 

The Department of English 
at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a tenure-eligible assistant professor or an early associate professor 
in creative writing. We are especially interested in writers whose primary 
genre is creative nonfiction, but we will consider those who have significant 
journal publications in nonfiction and who also publish poetry and/ 
or fiction. Teaching will include courses in undergraduate major and new 
creative writing minor as well as in MFA program. MFA or Ph.D. required. 
Upload letter of application and CV to http:// english 
.osu .edu/ jobs 
or mail to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of English, 
The Ohio State 
University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210; fax 614-292- 
7816; for questions, e-mail englishjobs@ 
osu .edu. Review of applications 
will begin on November 3, 2008 and continue until the position is filled. 
The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans 
and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

Theatre, 1849 Cannon Drive Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant, Associate Professor or Full Professor-Columbus, OH 3634 

http:// theatre .osu .edu/ 

The Department of Theatre seeks a Teacher/ Scholar/ Artist who is actively 
engaged in the history of performance, contemporary theory and 
practice with awareness of issues of gender, ethnicity, and diversity. We 
seek a PhD with emphasis in theatre history, historiography, or performance 
studies; extensive publication record; university teaching, and 
production involvement. Position: Assistant, Associate Professor or Full 
Professor, Nine-month, tenure track. Deadline: 10/1/2008 or until filled. 
Date of Hire: Autumn 2009. Send letter of application, Vita, and 3 letters 
of reference to: Mark Shanda, Chair, OSU Department of Theatre, 1849 
Cannon Drive, Columbus, OH 43210. Email: shanda.1@ osu .edu http:// 
theatre .osu .edu . To build a diverse workforce, The Ohio State University 
encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, 
and women. EEO/AA Employer. 
[R] 

Ohio SU, Mansfield 

English, 
1680 University Dr Mansfield OH 44906 

Assistant Professor of English 
3671 

http://ww.mansfield .ohio-state .edu 

The English 
Department at the Mansfield campus of The Ohio State University 
seeks applications for a tenure-eligible position beginning Autumn 
2009 in British Literature of the Renaissance /Early Modern Period. 
Ph.D and teaching experience required, with strong commitment to continuing 
scholarly activity. English 
faculty on the Mansfield campus teach 
in a multiâ€“disciplinary small college environment but are active and integrated 
members of the Ohio State English 
Department, which includes 
faculty on all campuses of the university. Teaching load is two courses 
each quarter. OSU offers a number of degree programs on its Mansfield 
campus, including English, 
as well as some graduate programs. OSUMansfield 
anticipates increased enrollments and continued expansion of 



its programs. Located on 670 wooded acres in a city midway between 
Columbus and Cleveland, the campus currently has over 1,600 students, 
a growing number of whom reside in University-owned apartments. 
The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
Send letter of application and CV to Dr. Barbara McGovern, 
The Ohio State University at Mansfield, 1680 University Drive, Mansfield, 
OH 44906. Review of applications will begin by November 15, 
2008 and will continue until the position is filled. If you have questions, 
please direct e-mail to mcgovern.2@ osu .edu. [R] 

Ohio SU, Newark 

English, 
1179 University Dr Newark OH 43055 

Assistant Professor, English 
4173 

http:// www .newark .osu .edu 

The Ohio State University at Newark is seeking applications for a 
9-month tenure-eligible Assistant Professor specializing in 19th Century 
British Literature to begin autumn quarter 2009. The Newark campus is 
an extended campus in The Ohio State University system and is located 
about 30 miles east of the central Columbus campus. Interviews will be 
held at the MLA convention in San Francisco, CA. Summary of Duties: 
Teach second half of British Literature survey (1800 to present), upperlevel 
courses in Romantic and/or Victorian literature, and perhaps some 
20th Century British literature. All faculty also teach some composition. 
Must demonstrate commitment and service to undergraduate education 
and the Newark campus. English 
faculty at the Newark campus are 
members of the English 
department at The Ohio State University and are 
evaluated accordingly. Hence, the successful candidate must maintain a 
productive and high-quality research program. 

Qualifications: Requires Ph.D. by time of hire, teaching experience in 
field and evidence of scholarly commitment. Secondary areas of expertise 
will also be considered in an effort to hire the best possible candidate. 

To assure consideration, send letter of application and curriculum vitae, 
to The Office of Human Resources, The Ohio State University Newark, 
Attention English 
Search, #., 1179 University Drive, Newark, Ohio 
43055. Evaluation of applicant materials will begin immediately and will 
be accepted until position is filled. OSU-Newark is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action Employer. 


Ohio U 

English, 
360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

Film, Assistant Professor of Interdisciplinary Arts 4150 

http:// www .finearts .ohio .edu/ interarts/ 

Film scholar for an interdisciplinary position with the School of Interdisciplinary 
Arts, the School of Film, and the Department of African 
American Studies. Must be able to teach graduate courses in film theory 
and history and undergraduate film courses in African American Studies. 
Ability to teach critical theory, African film, or theories of transnationalism 
also desirable. We welcome applications from a range of backgrounds 
including cinema studies, literature, cultural studies, visual culture, anthropology 
and communications. Duties include teaching undergraduate 
and graduate film courses, interdisciplinary graduate seminars, as well as 
thesis/ dissertation advising and supervising undergraduate research/ creative 
activity. The professor is expected to be an active scholar in the field. 
This is a tenure-track, assistant professor position appointed to the School 
of Interdisciplinary Arts. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. required by the date of appointment in film or related 
field; teaching experience at the college/ university level; publication 
record. 

To view the posting details and apply on line, please use this link to Ohio 
University’s Employment web site: 

www .ohiouniversityjobs .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=54873. 

Please be prepared to attach the following documents electronically: Resume/ 
curriculum vitae, cover letter which should include your teaching 
philosophy and a statement of your research interests, writing sample and 
a list of 3 professional references with current contact information. In addition, 
applicants must arrange for 3 letters of recommendation to be sent 
to: 

Dr. William Condee, Search Committee Chair, School of Interdisciplinary 
Arts, Ohio University, 120 Lindley Hall, Athens, OH 45701 

Application Deadline: Review of applications will begin on September 
30, 2008, and will continue until the position is filled. 

Preferred candidate would contribute to the climate of diversity in the 
College; including a diversity of scholarly approaches. 

Ohio U 

English, 
360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing: Non-fiction 4290 

http:// ohio .edu 

The Department of English 
at Ohio University invites applications for 
a tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing: Non-Fiction. We 
seek candidates of established achievement who have published at least 
one book. Ph.D. preferred, but those candidates with an MFA will be 
considered. The successful candidate is expected to teach; publish and 
direct creative work; and participate in departmental/ university governance. 
Expected to teach at both graduate and undergraduate levels. We 
are seeking a candidate with a commitment in working effectively with 
students, faculty and staff from diverse backgrounds. Position available 
September 2009. Submit cover letter, C.V., three current letters of recommendation, 
and twenty-page writing sample to Dinty W. Moore, Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English, 
ATTN: Creative Non-fiction 
Search, Ohio University, Athens, OH 45701. Review of applications will 
begin Monday, November 3 and will continue until the position is filled. 
Interviewing at MLA. Women and other minorities are encouraged to 
apply. Ohio University is an EEO/AA employer. 
Further information 
about Ohio University can be found at the University’s web site: http:// 
www .ohio .edu. 

U of Dayton 

English, 
300 College Park Dayton OH 45469 

Assistant Professor, Comparative Literature and Social Justice 4235 

http:// provost .udayton .edu/ facpositions/ main%20listing .htm 

Tenure-track position in Comparative Literature, with expertise in critical 
race studies and/or gender studies. We seek a scholar-teacher engaged 
with issues of social justice and social change in relation to literatures 
across national, cultural, and/or ethnic traditions. Preference for applicants 
with expertise in at least one Anglophone literature. We also seek candidates 
with experience teaching literature to undergraduates, in teaching 
and advising students of diverse backgrounds, in community outreach or 
service learning, and/or in international education. The ability to teach 
effectively at all levels and the potential to contribute to the on-going 
diversification of our undergraduate curriculum are important. PhD in 
English, 
Comparative Literature, or a related field must be completed by 
June 2009. 

Teaching responsibilities include first-year composition, courses for the 
English 
major and/or general education, upper-level courses in the candidate’s 
specialty, and occasional courses in the department’s MA program. 
Excellent teaching and publication, in addition to service and student advising, 
are expected for tenure and promotion. Please consult the Web 
page of UD’s Provost’s Office for more information on this position, the 
University of Dayton, and the Department of English. 


Send letter of application, one-page statement of teaching philosophy, 
and CV to Sheila Hassell Hughes, Department Chair, at the address listed 
above, by November 6, 2008. Review of applications will continue until 
the position is filled. The University of Dayton, a comprehensive Catholic 
university founded by the Society of Mary in 1850, is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action employer. 
Women, minorities, individuals with 
disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. The University of Dayton 
is firmly committed to the principle of diversity. [R] 



U of Dayton 

English, 
300 College Park Dayton OH 45469 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition and Director of 
Composition 4236 

http:// provost .udayton .edu/ facpositions/ main%20listing .htm 

Tenure-track or tenured position in rhetoric and composition with responsibility 
for writing program administration. We seek a scholarteacher 
and administrator to direct our thriving first-year composition 
program at the level of assistant or associate professor. Preferred candidates 
will be those whose scholarly interests coincide with and complement the 
Director of Composition duties, with possible areas of expertise including 
assessment, placement, ESL, multicultural discourse, and composition 
pedagogy. Academic training in and/or previous experience as a WPA is 
expected, as is a PhD in rhetoric and composition or writing program administration. 
Experience teaching and advising students of diverse backgrounds 
is also preferred. 

All tenured and tenure-track faculty in the English 
department join TAs, 
full-time lecturers, and part-time instructors in delivering a f irst-year 
two-course writing sequence. We are currently piloting a major revision 
to that sequence designed to support a vertical, developmental model of 
writing instruction. The Director of Composition will coordinate and 
assess this new curriculum. Additional administrative responsibilities to 
be carried out in consultation with the Department Chair and our fulltime 
Writing Program Coordinator include chairing the Composition 
Committee, hiring and evaluating part-time instructors, scheduling of 
composition courses, providing professional development opportunities 
for writing program instructors, establishing budgetary priorities for the 
writing program, and serving on university committees related to the 
teaching of writing. The work of the Director of Composition will be 
supported by means of an extended (10.5 month) contract and a reduced 
teaching load. Excellence in scholarship, teaching, and service (including 
advising and the performance of administrative responsibilities) is expected 
for tenure and promotion. Please consult the Web page of UD’s 
Provost’s Office for more information on this position, the University of 
Dayton, and the Department of English. 


Send letter of application, one-page statement of teaching philosophy, 
one-page statement of writing program administration philosophy, and 
CV to Sheila Hassell Hughes, Department Chair, at the above address, 
by November 6. Review of applications will continue until the position 
is filled. The University of Dayton, a comprehensive Catholic university 
founded by the Society of Mary in 1850, is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, 
and veterans are encouraged to apply. The University of Dayton is firmly 
committed to the principle of diversity. [R] 

Xavier U 

English, 
3800 Victory Pky Cincinnati OH 45207 

Assistant Professor-Shakespeare/ Renaissance Drama 3969 

http:// www .xavier .edu/ En glish 


Tenure-track assistant professor specializing in Shakespeare/ Renaissance 
Drama, beginning August 2009. Secondary expertise in Rhetoric/ 
Composition desired. The successful candidate will be expected to teach 
undergraduate and graduate Shakespeare courses and advanced first-year 
writing regularly. Ph.D. required by August 2009. Interviews of selected 
candidates will be conducted at the MLA Convention in December 2008. 
Send complete dossier (including transcripts and three letters of recommendation) 
to Dr. Alison Russell, Chair, Department of English, 
Xavier 
University, Cincinnati, OH 45207-4446. Applications must be postmarked 
by November 7, 2008. Xavier is a Catholic university in the Jesuit 
tradition, has a strong commitment to diversity and, building upon recent 
success, seeks a broad spectrum of candidates, including women and minorities. 
EOE/ AAE. For more information, visit the department website 
at www .xavier .edu/ En glish 


Xavier U 

English, 
3800 Victory Pky Cincinnati OH 45207 

Assistant Professor-Rhetoric/ Composition 3970 

http:// www .xavier .edu/ En glish 


Tenure-track assistant professor specializing in rhetoric/ composition beginning 
August 2009. The successful candidate will direct a small firstyear 
writing program and teach honors writing, upper-level and graduate 
writing courses. Ph.D. required by August 2009. Interviews of selected 
candidates will be conducted at the MLA Convention in December 2008. 
Send complete dossier (including transcripts, a brief statement of teaching 
philosophy, and three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Alison Russell, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Xavier University, Cincinnati, OH 45207- 
4446. Applications must be postmarked by November 7, 2008. Xavier is 
a Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition. has a strong commitment to 
diversity and, building upon recent successes, seeks a broad spectrum of 
candidates, including women and minorities. EOE/ AAE. For more information, 
visit the department website at www .xavier .edu/ English/ 


Okla homa 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Assistant Professor–Renaissance 4302 

http:// en glish 
.okstate .edu 

Tenure-track position in English, 
specializing in the Renaissance, preferably 
with expertise in sixteenth and early seventeenth-century 
British 
literature. 3–2 teaching load beginning August 2009. PhD, strong research 
agenda, and demonstrated excellence in teaching required. Salary 
competitive and commensurate with experience. OSU offers the BA, 
MA, and the PhD in English 
specialization. For further information on 
the department see our webpage at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure 
full consideration, applications must be received by November 3, 2008. 
However, we will continue to accept and consider applications until the 
position has been filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and 
dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript to Carol 
Moder, Head, English 
Department, Oklahoma State University, 205 
Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Oklahoma State University is 
an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed 
to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus. 

Oklahoma SU 

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Assistant Professor–Professional Writing 4306 

http:// en glish 
.okstate .edu 

Tenure-track position in Professional Writing. Ph.D. in Professional 
Writing, Rhetoric and Composition, or related area. Expertise desired in 
one or more of the following areas: digital rhetoric, visual rhetoric, writing 
in the disciplines, or writing in non-academic contexts. 3–2 teaching 
load beginning August 2009. Strong research agenda and demonstrated 
excellence in teaching required. Salary competitive and commensurate 
with experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with 
options in Professional Writing. For further information on the department 
see our webpage at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, 
applications must be received by November 3, 2008. However, 
we will continue to accept and consider applications until the position 
has been filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, 
including three letters of recommendation and transcript to Carol Moder, 
Head, English 
Department, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, 
Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. 
OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus. 



Oklahoma SU 

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Assistant Professor–Postcolonial or Indigenous Literature 4301 

http:// en glish 
.okstate .edu 

Tenure-track position in English, 
specializing in either postcolonial literatures 
and theory or indigenous literatures and theory. 3–2 teaching load 
beginning August 2009. PhD, strong research agenda, and demonstrated 
excellence in teaching required. Salary competitive and commensurate 
with experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English. 
For 
further information on the department see our webpage at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications must be received 
by November 3, 2008. However, we will continue to accept and consider 
applications until the position has been filled. Send letter of application, 
cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation 
and transcript to Carol Moder, Head, English 
Department, Oklahoma 
State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. 
Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ 
E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobaccofree 
campus. 

U of Oklahoma 

Honors College, 1300 ASP Norman OK 73019 

Assistant Professor, Religious Studies/ American Studies 3596 

http:// www.ou.edu/ honors 

The Joe C. and Carole Kerr McClendon Honors College at the University 
of Oklahoma invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position 
at the rank of assistant professor. Candidates’ research and teaching 
interests should reflect a scholarly and academic approach to any aspect of 
religious experience in the United States. Candidates from any discipline 
in the social sciences or humanities will be considered. Preference will 
be given to applicants who are committed to interdisciplinary scholarship 
and teaching and show promise of pedagogical and scholarly excellence. 
The successful candidate will join an interdisciplinary faculty focused on 
American Studies broadly defined. 

Candidates must have a completed Ph.D. by the start of the appointment 
(August 2009). 

Applications, including a cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
reference and a chapter-length writing sample should be sent to: Search 
Committee, Joe C. and Carole Kerr McClendon Honors College, David 
L. Boren Hall, The University of Oklahoma, 1300 Asp Avenue, Norman, 
OK 73019-6061. No electronic applications will be accepted. 

The committee will begin reviewing applications on October 15, 2008 
and will continue the process until the position is filled. 

The University of Oklahoma is an equal-opportunity/ aff irmative-action 
employer, 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the 
Americans with Disabilities Act. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. 

For more information regarding the Joe C. and Carole Kerr McClendon 
Honors College and the University of Oklahoma, please visit the following 
websites: www.ou.edu and www/ou.edu/ honors. [R] 

U of Tulsa 

English, 
800 S Tucker Dr Tulsa OK 74104 

Assistant Professor of British literature 3959 

http:// www .cas .utulsa .edu/ en glish 


The University of Tulsa seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
in 20th-century 
British and/or 20th-century 
Anglophone literature, 
each with a post-1945 emphasis. McFarlin Library has significant archival 
holdings in these areas. Teaching will include departmental courses, participation 
in a humanities-based general curriculum, graduate seminars, 
and service on dissertation committees. Send letter of application, vita, 
and dossier to Professor Lars Engle, Chair, Faculty of English, 
The University 
of Tulsa, 800 South Tucker Drive, Tulsa, OK 74104-3189. Review 
of applications will begin 1 October, 2008, and continue until the position 
is filled. Applications received by 7 November will be considered for 
MLA interviews. Successful candidates will have completed all requirements 
for the PhD by 1 August, 2009. The University of Tulsa is an EEO/ 
AA employer. 


U of Tulsa 

English, 
800 S Tucker Dr Tulsa OK 74104 

Associate Professor of American literature 3951 

http:// www .cas .utulsa .edu/ en glish 


The University of Tulsa seeks an Associate or advanced Assistant Professor 
of English 
in early 20th-century 
American literature. McFarlin 
Library has significant archival holdings in this area. Teaching will include 
departmental courses, participation in a humanities-based general 
curriculum, graduate seminars, service on dissertation committees, and 
direction of dissertations. Letter of application, vita, and three letters of 
recommendation should be addressed to Professor Lars Engle, Chair, Faculty 
of English, 
The University of Tulsa, 800 South Tucker Drive, Tulsa, 
OK 74104-3189. Review of applications will begin 1 October, 2008, and 
continue until the position is filled. Applications received by 7 November 
will be considered for MLA interviews. The University of Tulsa is an 
EEO/AA employer. 


Oreg on 

Oregon SU 

English, 
238 Moreland Hall Corvallis OR 97331 

Assistant/ Associate Professor: Director of Writing 3674 

http:// oregonstate .edu/ jobs 

A full-time (1.0 FTE), nine-month tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant or Associate Professor (depending on qualif ications), beginning 
Fall 2009, for a Director of Writing, with desirable areas of focus or 
secondary specialties to include professional and technical writing, digital 
rhetoric, visual literacy, and/or new media. Ph.D. required at time 
of appointment. Significant teaching experience, publication record, and 
demonstrated scholarly innovation and commitment preferred. Preferred 
qualifications include a demonstrable commitment to promoting and enhancing 
diversity. Qualified applicants are invited to electronically submit 
an application, including 1) letter of interest 2) resume/ vita 3) record of 
course and thesis work. In addition, send at least three letters of reference 
directly to Kerry Ahearn, Chair, Department of English, 
238 Moreland 
Hall, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR 97331-5302. Apply 
by November 10, 2008. For review of the full position announcement and 
complete list of qualifications, refer to our website http:// oregonstate .edu/ 
jobs. Posting #0002759. OSU is an AA/EOE Employer. 
[R] 

Portland SU 

English, 
PO Box 751 Portland OR 97207 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
3941 

http:// www .en glish 
.pdx .edu 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Fiction Writing/20th Century Fiction, 
tenure-track, to begin September 15, 2009. Ph.D. or M.F.A. required at 
time of appointment. Course load is 2 courses per quarter (6 per year) 
and will include core workshops and seminars for the MFA in Creative 
Writing and graduate and undergraduate courses in 20th century and 
contemporary fiction. Desirable secondary areas include: world literature 
and/or postcolonial fiction. Please send CV, cover letter, writing samples 
(creative and scholarly), and three letters of recommendation to: Chair, 
Fiction Search Committee, Department of English, 
Portland State University, 
Box 751, Portland, OR 97207. Applications must be received by 



Nov. 7. Portland State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Portland SU 

English, 
PO Box 751 Portland OR 97207 

Assistant Professor of English 
3939 

http:// www .en glish 
.pdx .edu 

Assistant Professor, Romanticism, tenure-track, to begin September 15, 
2009. Ph.D. required at time of appointment. Course load is 2 courses 
per quarter (6 per year) and will include upper-division and master’s level 
courses in Romanticism, lower-division surveys of British literature, and 
interdisciplinary courses for our general education program, University 
Studies. Desirable secondary areas include: Eighteenth-century 
literature, 
postcolonial studies and/or critical theory. Please send CV, cover letter, 
writing sample, and three letters of recommendation to: Chair, Romanticism 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
Portland State University, 
Box 751, Portland, OR 97207. Applications must be received by 
Nov. 7. Portland State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Oregon 

Ethnic Studies Department, 201 McKenzie Hall 5268 U of Oregon 
Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant/ Associate Professor, UO Ethnic Studies Department 3823 

http:// www .uoregon .edu/ ~ethnic/ 

University of Oregon: Assistant or Associate Professor (tenured or tenurerelated) 
in African-American, Comparative African-American, or Black 
Studies to begin in September 2009. Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in 
appropriate field by September 15, 2009; scholarship and teaching on people 
of African descent in the U.S. or in comparative ethnic studies with 
substantial focus on people of African descent in the U.S., including those 
with transnational, diasporic, or comparative perspectives. The Ethnic 
Studies Department is a vibrant and growing community of interdisciplinary 
scholars with scholarly strengths in the study of gender and sexuality. 
For full position announcement, see http:// www .uoregon .edu/ ~ethnic/ 
teaching%20positions .htm. Letter of application, c.v., 3 letters of recommendation 
(or list of references for senior applicants), writing sample, and 
syllabi and teaching evaluations, if available, should be sent by October 31, 
2008 for full consideration. Send materials to Michael Hames-García, 
Head, Ethnic Studies Department, 5268 University of Oregon, Eugene, 
OR 97403-5268. Position will remain open until filled. The UO is an 
EO/AA/ADA institution committed to cultural diversity. [R] 

U of Oregon 

Robert D. Clark Honors College, 1293 University of Oregon Eugene 
OR 97403 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Literature 3527 

http:// honors .uoregon .edu 

Full Job Announcement: 

We seek applications for a tenure-track position in Literature, to begin 
in Fall 2009. We require a Ph.D. in nineteenth-century 
British literature 
with a specialization in the Romantic period. The successful candidate 
will have expertise in both poetry and prose as well as a strong critical 
approach to the canon. A background in questions of gender, postcolonialism, 
and critical theory is highly desirable, as is an interest in contemporary 
literature, film, or television. Scientific research and scholarship 
of the highest quality are expected; tenure standards for scholarship in 
the candidate’s discipline will apply. Candidates must have demonstrated 
interest in the teaching of writing, along with evidence of teaching excellence 
and breadth. Candidates should have experience teaching in a 
setting where writing and discussion have been integrated into liberal arts 
instruction. Teaching duties include a year-long sequence for freshmen, 
including ancient as well as contemporary literature, and upper-division 
interdisciplinary seminars. The successful candidate will teach primarily 
within the Honors College. Honors College courses in all fields are 
taught in a seminar format. Tenure standards for teaching will be those 
used in the liberal arts and in the Honors College. Professional opportunities 
include interactions with the Comparative Literature Program, the 
Department of English, 
and the Oregon Humanities Center. 

The Clark Honors College is a selective, liberal arts college of 650 students 
within a state university of 20,000. It features a comprehensive four-year 
curriculum which combines a broad liberal arts education with a specialized 
major selected from among the university’s departments. 

Interested applicants should submit a letter describing teaching and research 
interests, curriculum vitae, academic transcripts, three letters of 
recommendation, one writing sample, and syllabi and teaching evaluations, 
if available. Ph.D. required by September 15, 2009. The University 
of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, aff irmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. Candidates who promote and enhance diversity 
are strongly desired. To assure full consideration, application files must 
be completed by October 24, 2008. Send materials to Literature Search 
Committee, Clark Honors College, University of Oregon, Eugene, Oregon 
97403. [R] 

Willamette U 

English, 
900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant Professors of American literature: African American and Ethnic 
American literature 3578 

http:// www .willamette .edu/ dept/hr/employment/ faculty 

The Willamette University English 
Department invites applications for 
two tenure-track positions in American Literature, one specializing in 
African American literature and one specializing in another American 
ethnic literature (Latino/a Literature, Native American Literature, Asian 
American Literature). Ideal candidates will have the Ph.D. with publications 
and a strong commitment to teaching. Desirable sub-fields include 
transnational literature, globalization studies, literature of the African and 
South Asian diasporas, and film. Teaching load is five courses per year. 

Applications should include a letter, CV, contact information for three 
references and a short essay (1000 words maximum) on your approaches 
to teaching and your expected contributions to a department that is committed 
to diversity and inclusivity. Please send materials in electronic form 
only (Word docs or pdf ) to africanamlitsearch@ willamette .edu or ethnicamlitsearch@ 
willamette .edu. Review begins 7 November 2008. 

Willamette University is a selective, residential liberal arts college in 
the heart of the Willamette Valley. Believing that diversity contributes 
to academic excellence and to rich and rewarding communities, WU is 
committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty, staff, and student 
body. We seek candidates, particularly those from historically under- 
represented 
groups, whose work furthers diversity and who bring to campus 
varied experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds. We are open to 
paired applications from partners. [R] 

Willamette U 

English, 
900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Poetry 3579 

http:// www .willamette .edu/ dept/hr/employment/ faculty 

The Willamette University English 
Department invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in Poetry and Creative Writing. Ideal candidates 
will have the PhD in literature, emphasizing poetry, preferably from the 
19th century to the present, and an MFA or significant publications in 
poetry, with a strong commitment to both scholarly and creative publications 
and to teaching. 

Applications should include a letter, CV, contact information for three 
references and a short essay (1000 words maximum) on your approaches 
to teaching and your expected contributions to a department that is 



committed 
to diversity and inclusivity. Please send materials in electronic 
form only (Word docs or pdf ) to poetry-search@ willamette .edu. Review 
begins 7 November 2008. 

Willamette University is a selective, residential, liberal arts college in 
the heart of the Willamette Valley. Believing that diversity contributes 
to academic excellence and to rich and rewarding communities, WU is 
committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty, staff, and student 
body. We seek candidates, particularly those from historically under- 
represented 
groups, whose work furthers diversity and who bring to campus 
varied experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds. [R] 

Pennsylva nia 

Arcadia U 

English, 
Communications, & Theater Arts, 450 S Easton Rd Glenside 
PA 19038 

Assistant Professor of English 
4281 

http:// www .arcadia .edu 

Arcadia University seeks candidates for a tenure-track appointment as Assistant 
Professor of English 
beginning Fall 2009. Ph.D. preferred. Specialist 
in African-American literature. Preferred areas of specialization should 
include one or more of the following: Black Cinema, the Harlem Renaissance, 
Slave Narratives, the Black Arts movement, Postcolonial and 
Black Diaspora literature, and contemporary African-American literature. 
Central to the position is program development of African-American literature 
offerings. The successful candidate also must be prepared to teach 
first-year writing courses. Send letter of application and curriculum vitae 
by November 1, 2008 to Jo Ann Weiner, Chair, Department of English, 
Communications, and Theater Arts, Arcadia University, 450 S. Easton 
Road, Glenside, PA 19038. Interviews at MLA. AA/EOE [R] 

Arcadia U 

English, 
Communications, & Theater Arts, 450 S Easton Rd Glenside 
PA 19038 

Assistant Professor of English 
4288 

http:// www .arcadia .edu 

Arcadia University seeks candidates for a tenure-track appointment as Assistant 
Professor of English 
beginning Fall 2009. Ph.D. preferred. Areas of 
expertise include 19th and 20th century British literature and Postcolonial 
theory and literature. Experience teaching first-year writing, introductory 
and intermediate-level literature courses desirable. Send letter of application 
and curriculum vitae by November 1, 2008 to Jo Ann Weiner, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Communications, and Theater Arts, Arcadia 
University, 450 S. Easton Road, Glenside, PA 19038. Interviews at 
MLA. AA/EOE [R] 

Bloomsburg U 

English, 
400 E 2nd St Bloomsburg PA 17815 

Writing Center Director, Assistant or Associate Professor 3763 

http:// www .bloomu .edu 

AA#: 20–7-277 

Directing undergraduate-staffed Writing Center, teaching composition 
and upper-division composition or composition theory courses, providing 
support and guidance for faculty and departments in expanding writing 
offerings or requirements. Twelve-hour per semester load: 75% reassigned 
time for Writing Center; 25% classroom teaching. Required: Ph.D. in 
English 
or related field by August 2009; work experience in a writing 
center; experience teaching composition. Demonstrated ability to work 
with diverse populations preferred. Application deadline for full consideration: 
October 25, 2008. Semifinalists will be interviewed at the MLA 
convention. For a full position description, including application procedures, 
visit www .bloomu .edu/ jobs. AA/EEO Employer. 


Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 
5000 Forbes Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Early Modern/ Renaissance Specialist 4279 

http:// en glish 
.cmu .edu/ 

Seeking a specialist in Early Modern/ Renaissance, rank open, for the Literary 
and Cultural Studies Program in the English 
Department of Carnegie 
Mellon University. The program is characterized by its integration 
of text, history, and theory. Candidates should have a demonstrated interest 
in the period broadly conceived, as well as interdisciplinary topics and 
methods, for example, gender and sexuality, nation and empire, religion, 
science studies and/or performance studies. The successful candidate will 
teach graduate and undergraduate courses, direct individual student projects, 
including doctoral dissertations, and contribute to a regional consortium 
in Medieval and Renaissance Studies. Please send a letter and vita by 
October 15, 2008 to Kathy M. Newman, c/o Vickie Makel, ATTN: Literary 
and Cultural Studies Program, Department of English, 
Baker Hall 
259, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213. Carnegie Mellon 
does not discriminate on the basis of age race, sex, disability, sexual orientation, 
national origin, religion, or any other non-job related criteria. 
AA/EOE. [R] 

Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 
5000 Forbes Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Assistant Teaching Professor in Creative Writing (poetry) 4260 

http:// en glish 
.cmu .edu/ 

The English 
department invites applications for an assistant teaching professor 
in creative writing (poetry) with a strong interest in administering 
a large, active undergraduate creative writing program. Starting date: Fall 
2009. At Carnegie Mellon, the teaching track is an established career track 
with possible promotion to associate and full teaching professor. Teaching 
load is two courses per semester plus administrative leadership responsibilities. 
Required: MFA or PhD, evidence of excellence in classroom teaching, 
and evidence of administrative experience. Carnegie Mellon has a 
well-established, highly successful undergraduate major in creative writing. 
Candidates should be energetic teachers eager to mentor our students 
and to take a leadership role in directing our program’s many activities, 
including our visiting writers and student reading series, our student writing 
awards, and our recruiting and alumni events. In addition, candidates 
should be eager to maintain a very strong on-campus presence, attending 
all program events and being readily available to meet with students. 
The creative writing program is committed to increasing the diversity of 
its student body and to working with the larger Pittsburgh community 
through outreach programs. Candidates should have experience with and 
interest in diversity issues and community outreach. Application deadline: 
October 15. Please send letter, vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness 
and administrative experience, a statement of teaching philosophy, sample 
syllabi, and a five to ten page poetry portfolio, to David Kaufer, Head, c/o 
Vickie Makel, ATTN: Creative Writing Position, English 
department, 
259 Baker Hall, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213. Carnegie 
Mellon does not discriminate on the basis of age race, sex, disability, 
sexual orientation, national origin, religion, or any other non-job related 
criteria. AA/EOE. [R] 

East Stroudsburg U 

English, 
200 Prospect St, Stroud Hall East Stroudsburg PA 18301 

Professional/ New Media Writing-Tenure Track Faculty 3850 

http:// www .esu .edu 

East Stroudsburg University invites applications for a full-time, tenuretrack 
position in professional and new media writing beginning August 
2009. Positions typically fill at the Assistant Professor rank. As part 



of Pennsylvania’s State System of Higher Education (PASSHE), we offer 
competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. 

Responsibilities: The successful candidate will teach courses including 
Technical Writing, Workplace Writing, Computers and Writing, Professional 
Writing: World Wide Web, and composition and will contribute 
to the development of the Department’s Professional and Media Writing 
program with courses in print and digital media writing. There is a fourcourse 
teaching load per semester. 

Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, 
rhetoric, technical communications, 
or related field at the time of appointment. Candidates currently 
enrolled in a doctoral program are encouraged to apply, but they should 
make clear their progress toward completion. In addition, the candidate 
must have experience teaching undergraduates technical writing. The 
candidates should also demonstrate potential for scholarly activities and 
meeting student needs. 

Preferred Qualifications: Experience teaching technical writing, workplace 
writing, and new media writing; adeptness in using technology 
innovatively in teaching; related professional experience in corporate, 
governmental, non-profit, and/or academic spheres; ability to help lead in 
the course and program development of the professional writing track. 

Final determination will be based upon successful interview, which will 
include a teaching demonstration. Experience working with diverse student 
populations is also preferred. To learn more about diversity at ESU 
and in our community, visit our website at www3.esu .edu/ diversity/ 
home .asp. 

To Apply: To ensure full consideration, complete applications, including 
all supporting materials, should be received by November 3, 2008. 
Please send a letter of application, statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum 
vitae, three recent letters of recommendation, and unofficial undergraduate 
and graduate transcripts (official transcripts required before 
appointment). All candidates must provide proof of eligibility to work in 
the United States. Electronic submissions will not be accepted and audio/ 
visual media will not be returned. 

Please apply to the attention of: Professor Bill Broun, Search Committee 
Chair, English 
Department, Position Number-#04936, East Stroudsburg 
University, P.O. Box 447, East Stroudsburg, PA 18301-0447. 

Located in the scenic Pocono Mountains approximately 75 miles west of 
New York City and 85 miles northeast of Philadelphia, East Stroudsburg 
University is one of the fourteen universities in the Pennsylvania State 
System of Higher Education. Founded in 1893, with a current enrollment 
of 7,000, the university’s rich academic tradition continues to build on 
its sense of history with unique new undergraduate and graduate degrees 
programs, and a major new Science and Technology Center under construction. 
Offering 60 undergraduate and 20 graduate degree programs, 
the university is experiencing increasing enrollments and is poised for 
continued growth. Adjacent to the unspoiled Delaware Water Gap National 
Recreation Area, the surrounding community offers options for 
suburban, small city, or country living. 

Minorities, Women, Persons with Disabilities, and Veterans are encouraged 
to apply at East Stroudsburg University where there is an intrinsic 
moral and legal commitment to AA/EEO. Visit our homepage at www 
.esu .edu. 

Elizabethtown C 

English, 
1 Alpha Dr Elizabethtown PA 17022 

Director of English 
Education 3708 

http:// www .etown .edu/ humanresources 

The Department of English 
at Elizabethtown College is accepting applications 
for a tenure-track Director of English 
Education at the Assistant 
or Associate level. The position includes supervising student teachers as 
well as teaching courses in methods and in literature and/or writing. This 
position will begin in Fall 2009. 

A background in multicultural literature and experience in diverse teaching 
environments is beneficial, but all applications are welcome. Assignments 
will be based on a three course per semester load typical for the 
college. The supervising load in this position offers the opportunity to 
work closely with future teachers. Doctorate and experience teaching 
and supervising student teachers at the secondary level required; graduate 
work in both English 
and Education preferred. 

Located in southeastern Pennsylvania, Elizabethtown College offers its 
2,000 students more than 47 academic programs in the liberal arts, sciences 
and professional studies. Driven by its motto to “Educate for Service,” 
Elizabethtown centers learning in strong relationships, links 
classroom instruction with experiential learning, emphasizes international 
and cross-cultural perspectives and nurtures the capacity for lives of 
purpose and leadership as global citizens. For more information, consult 
www .etown .edu. 

To apply, candidates should send a letter of interest, CV, and three letters 
of recommendation to: Elizabethtown College, Attn: Human Resources, 
One Alpha Drive, Elizabethtown, PA 17022-2298 hr@ etown .edu 

Interviews will be conducted at the annual NCTE Convention and the 
MLA Convention. 

Application deadline: October 22, 2008 

AA/EOE 

Franklin & Marshall C 

English, 
PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Assistant Professorship in Medieval literature 4139 

http:// www .fandm .edu 

The Franklin & Marshall College English 
Department invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professorship in Medieval literature, 
beginning in the fall of 2009. We welcome secondary teaching interests. 
Evidence of scholarly activity, a commitment to undergraduate teaching, 
and a Ph.D. required. The 3/2 teaching load will include no composition. 
Please submit a letter of application, c.v., graduate transcripts, three letters 
of recommendation, a writing sample, and, if possible, teaching evaluations 
to: Judith Mueller, Chair, English 
Department, Franklin & Marshall 
College, P.O. Box 3003, Lancaster, PA 17604-3003. Franklin & Marshall 
is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment 
to cultural pluralism. EOE. Application deadline: November 17, 
2008. We will not accept materials submitted electronically. [R] 

Gettysburg C 

English, 
300 N Washington St, CB 397 Gettysburg PA 17325 

Assistant Professor in 20th Century American Literature 3954 

http:// www .gettysburg .edu 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position in 20th century American 
Literature to begin in August 2009. Desirable subspecialties include 
(but are not limited to) ethnic American literatures, American literature 
in a global context, and critical theory. As part of a 3/2 load, teaching 
opportunities will include first-year writing seminars, intermediate and 
upper-level courses, and advanced seminars. The successful candidate will 
combine a vibrant research agenda with a commitment to excellent undergraduate 
teaching. 

Please send letter of application and curriculum vitae to Professor Suzanne 
Flynn, Chair, Department of English, 
Campus Box 397, Gettysburg College, 
Gettysburg, PA 17325. Requests for dossiers and writing samples 
will be made after an initial review; interviews at the MLA convention. 
Electronic applications will not be accepted. For fullest consideration, application 
materials should be received by November 3, 2008. 

Gettysburg College is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 
90 minutes of the Washington/ Baltimore metropolitan area. Established 
in 1832, the College has a rich history and is situated on a 220-acre campus 
with an enrollment of over 2,600 students. Gettysburg College celebrates 
diversity and welcomes applications from members of any group that has 
been historically underrepresented in the American academy. The College 
assures equal employment opportunity and prohibits discrimination 




on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, sexual orientation, 
age, and disability. [R] 

Holy Family U 

Humanities, 9801 Frankford Av Philadelphia PA 19114 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
3755 

http:// www .holyfamily .edu 

Holy Family University—a comprehensive Catholic institution in Philadelphia, 
PA—invites applicants for a full-time English 
faculty position 
with teaching duties split between the literature and writing programs. 
Rank and salary determined by qualif ications. The position requires 
teaching 4 literature courses and 4 writing courses per year. Candidates 
should have a Ph.D. in English 
and demonstrated success teaching at the 
undergraduate level. The successful candidate will be dedicated to raising 
the level of student writing skills and to instilling in students an appreciation 
of literature and its importance to reading proficiency. 

Position will start in late 8/09. Please send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, a statement of teaching philosophy, research interests, copies 
of graduate transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to: Dean of 
the School of Arts and Sciences, Holy Family University, 9801 Frankford 
Ave., Philadelphia, Pa. 19114-2009 or e-mail application and other documents 
to boneill@ holyfamily .edu. EOE. The deadline for submission of 
applications is November15, 2008. 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 
205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

Ethnic American Literature Assistant Professor 4013 

http:// www .kutztown .edu/ employment 

The English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position in Ethnic-American Literature to begin August 2009. 
Specializations can include but are not limitied to African American 
Literature, Native American Literature, Asian American Literature, and 
Latino/a American Literature. ABD may be considered with completion 
of Ph.D. before the start of the second year; Ph.D. preferred. The 4/4 
teaching load will include literature and composition, with opportunities 
to teach upper-division classes and occasional graduate courses. 

For full description, criteria, and complete listing of vacancies, please visit 
our website at www .kutztown .edu/ employment. Kutztown University is 
an AA/EOE member of the PA State System of Higher Education and actively 
solicits applications from women, veterans, persons with disabilities, 
and minorities. 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 
205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

Early American Literature Assistant Professor 4005 

http:// www .kutztown .edu/ employment 

The English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
with an emphasis on Early American Literature and Culture to begin in 
August 2009. A secondary area in Nineteenth-Century 
American Literature, 
with a focus on the pre-Civil War Period, is highly desirable. ABD 
may be considered, with completion of Ph.D. before the start of the second 
year; Ph.D. preferred. The 4/4 teaching load will include composition 
and literature, with opportunities to teach and develop upper-level 
and graduate courses in American literature. 

For full description and criteria, please visit our website at www .kutztown 
.edu/ employment. Kutztown University is an AA/EOE member of the 
PA State System of Higher Education and actively solicits applications 
from women, veterans, persons with disabilities, and minorities. 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 
205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

Composition and Rhetoric Assistant Professor 4016 

http:// www .kutztown .edu/ employment 

The English 
Department at Kutztown University invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in Composition and Rhetoric beginning fall 2009. 
ABD may be considered with completion of dissertation before second 
year of appointment; Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric preferred. The 
4/4 teaching load will include COllege Composition, Introduction to 
College Composition, Honors Composition, and Advanced Composition 
with opportunities to develop and teach upper-level and graduate courses 
in Composition and Rhetoric. Future opportunities include helping develop 
an undergraduate concentration in Composition, Rhetoric, and Literacy 
Studies. 

For full description, criteria, and complete listing of vacancies, please visit 
www .kutztown .edu/ employment. Kutztown University is an AA/EOE 
member of the PA State System of Higher Education and actively solicits applications 
from women, veterans, persons with disabilities, and minorities. 

Lehigh U 

English, 
35 Sayre Dr, Drown Hall 35 Bethlehem PA 18015 

Tenure-track assistant professor in post-1945 American literature. 4041 

http:// www .lehigh .edu/ ~indrown 

We seek candidates in post-1945 American literature whose scholarship 
and teaching will strengthen a department focus in literature and social 
justice. Desirable secondary fields include film, queer studies, Latino/a literature, 
or Asian American literature. Successful candidates will be productive 
scholars who have records of excellent teaching and who are eager 
to join a faculty that values projects with strong theoretical and historical 
commitments. 

Many faculty in the department are aff iliated with interdisciplinary 
programs such as Africana Studies, American Studies, Latin American 
Studies, Asian Studies, and Women’s Studies, as well as with Lehigh’s 
Humanities Center. 2/2 load of graduate (M.A. and Ph.D.) and undergraduate 
literature, and composition courses. Ph.D in hand by date of appointment. 
Send via email a letter of application and vita only, as Word or 
PDF attachments, to inpost45@ lehigh .edu by October 31, 2008. Please 
do not send additional materials at this point, and only electronic submissions 
will be considered. Questions about the position should be directed 
to Scott Paul Gordon, Chair, Post-1945 Search Committee, at spg4@ 
lehigh 
.edu. MLA interviews. 

The College of Arts and Sciences at Lehigh is especially interested in 
qualified candidates who can contribute, through their research, teaching, 
and/or service, to the diversity and excellence of the academic community. 
Lehigh University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
Lehigh University provides comprehensive benefits, including 
partner benefits. More information about policies and benefits for Faculty 
at Lehigh can be found at http:// www .lehigh .edu/ ~insloan . [R] 

Lehigh U 

English, 
35 Sayre Dr, Drown Hall 35 Bethlehem PA 18015 

Tenure-track assistant professor in 17th-century 
British literature 4036 

http:// www .lehigh .edu/ ~indrown 

We seek candidates whose scholarship and teaching in 17th-century 
British 
literature will augment our department’s focus on literature and social 
justice. Desirable secondary fields include feminist and queer studies, 
economic theory, religious studies, ethics, trans-Atlantic studies, colonialism/ 
postcolonialism and political history. Successful candidates will be 
productive scholars who have records of excellent teaching and who are 
eager to join a faculty that values projects with strong theoretical and historical 
commitments. 



Many faculty in the department are affiliated with interdisciplinary programs 
such as Women’s Studies, Globalization and Social Change, Africana 
Studies and with Lehigh’s Humanities Center. 2/2 load of graduate 
(M.A. and Ph.D.) and undergraduate literature, and composition courses. 
Ph.D. in hand by date of appointment. Send via email a letter of application 
and vita only, as Word or PDF attachments, to in17th@ lehigh .edu by 
October 31, 2008. Please do not send additional materials at this point, 
and only electronic submissions will be considered. Questions about 
the position should be directed to Barbara Traister, Chair, 17th Century 
Search Committee, at bht0@ lehigh .edu. MLA interviews. 

The College of Arts and Sciences at Lehigh is especially interested in 
qualified candidates who can contribute, through their research, teaching, 
and/or service, to the diversity and excellence of the academic community. 
Lehigh University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
Lehigh University provides comprehensive benefits including 
partner benefits. More information about policies and benefits for Faculty 
at Lehigh can be found at http:// www .lehigh .edu/ ~insloan. [R] 

Moravian C 

English, 
1200 Main St Bethlehem PA 18018 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English: 
Dramatic Literature and Theatre 
History 3729 

http:// www .moravian .edu 

Moravian College invites applications for an assistant professor of dramatic 
literature and theatre history starting fall semester 2009. Specialty open, 
but the candidate must be able to teach multi-cultural/ world drama. Also 
desirable are a background in Shakespeare and practical theatre experience. 
The successful candidate will teach a variety of courses at all undergraduate 
levels, including courses that contribute to the college’s mission 
as an interdisciplinary liberal arts college. Course load is three courses per 
semester, at least one of which will be at the introductory level. Ph.D. 
by September strongly preferred. Please send a cover letter, statement of 
teaching philosophy, resume, and three recent letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Theresa Dougal, Chair, English 
Department, Moravian College, 
1200 Main St., Bethlehem, PA 18018. Postmark deadline: November 10. 
Applicants will be acknowledged by email. Interviews at MLA. Moravian 
College is a selective liberal arts and sciences college with an enrollment 
of 1500 students in its regular day session. Founded in 1742, it is the sixth 
oldest college in the country. Moravian is located near New York and 
Philadelphia, which affords easy access to many colleges and universities, 
as well as other scholarly and cultural resources. Moravian College is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. For more information about Moravian College, please visit our web 
page at http:// www .moravian .edu [R] 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 
3718 

http:// www .psu .edu 

Penn State DuBois, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites 
applications a tenure track Assistant Professor of English. 
Start date: 
August 2009. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach undergraduate courses in British Literature 
and in Composition. Publish in refereed journals. Recruit and advise students, 
including career guidance. Participate in professional organizations 
and course, curriculum, and program development. Stay current in pedagogy 
appropriate for discipline through scholarly activities. Participate in 
campus, university, and community service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in Twentieth-Century 
British Literature. 
Evidence of potential in scholarship and professional development is expected. 
Commitment to high-quality instruction in a student-centered 
environment is desired. Interest in active and collaborative learning and 
the instructional use of technology is an advantage. Prior college-level 
teaching experience is preferred. Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary 
environment is important. 

For more information about the campuses, visit http:// www .psu .edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll .html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications should be submitted as a Microsoft 
WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@ psu .edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of four references. Application review begins November 14, 
2008, and continues until a suitable candidate is found. Inquiries: Dr. 
Debra Straussfogel, Director of Academic Affairs, Penn State DuBois. Email: 
dls11@ psu .edu. Telephone: (814) 375-4707. AA/EOE 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Instructor of English 
3721 

http:// www .psu .edu 

Penn State Shenango, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites 
applications for a three year appointment as Instructor of English. 
Start date: January 2009 or August 2009. Reappointment is possible, depending 
on job performance and programmatic needs. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach courses in English 
composition using traditional 
and hybrid delivery modes. Participate in course, curriculum, and 
program development. Advise students and provide career guidance. Participate 
in campus, university, and community service activities. Engage 
in activities to stay current in the discipline. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English 
or related field; ABD’s may be considered. 
Commitment to high-quality instruction in a student-centered 
environment is desired. Interest in active and collaborative learning, the 
instructional use of technology, and hybrid and online teaching is an advantage. 
Prior college-level and online teaching experience is preferred. 
Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary environment is important. 

For more information about the campus, visit http:// www .psu .edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll .html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications should be submitted as a Microsoft 
WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@ psu .edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of references. Application review begins October 20, 2008 and 
continues until a suitable candidate is found. 

INQUIRIES: Dr. Ira S. Saltz, Director of Academic Affairs, Penn State 
Shenango. E-mail: iss1@ psu .edu. Telephone: (724) 983-2825. AA/EOE 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of Engish 3720 

http:// www .psu .edu 

Penn State Shenango, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites 
applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor of English. 
Start 
date: August 2009. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach courses in literature, composition, and related 
areas using traditional and hybrid delivery modes. Publish in refereed 
journals. Participate in professional organizations. Advise students and 
provide career guidance. Participate in course, curriculum, and program 
development, and campus, university, and community service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English 
required; ABD’s may be considered. 
Preference will be given to candidates with specialties in Americanism 
and/or gender/ race diversity. Evidence of potential in research 
and publication is expected. Commitment to high-quality instruction 
in a student-centered environment is desired. Interest in active and collaborative 
learning, the instructional use of technology, and hybrid and 
online teaching is an advantage. Prior college-level and online teaching 
experience preferred. Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary 
environment 
is important. 



For more information about the campus, visit http:// www .psu .edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll .html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications should be submitted as a Microsoft 
WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@ psu .edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of references. Application review begins October 20, 2008 and 
continues until a suitable candidate is found. 

INQUIRIES: Dr. Ira Saltz, Director of Academic Affairs, Penn State 
Shenango. E-mail: iss1@ psu .edu. Telephone: (724) 983-2825. AA/EOE 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 
3719 

http:// www .psu .edu 

Penn State DuBois, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites 
applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor of English. 
Start 
date: August 2009. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach undergraduate courses in composition. 
Publish in refereed journals. Recruit and advise students, including career 
guidance. Participate in professional organizations and course, curriculum, 
and program development. Stay current in pedagogy appropriate for 
discipline through scholarly activities. Participate in campus, university, 
and community service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition. Evidence of 
potential in scholarship and professional development is expected. Commitment 
to high-quality instruction in a student-centered environment is 
desired. Interest in active and collaborative learning and the instructional 
use of technology is an advantage. Prior college-level teaching experience 
is preferred. Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary environment 
is important. 

For more information about the campus, visit http:// www .psu .edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll .html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications should be submitted as a Microsoft 
WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@ psu .edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of four references. Application review begins November 14, 
2008, and continues until a suitable candidate is found. 

INQUIRIES: Dr. Debra Straussfogel, Director of Academic Affairs, Penn 
State DuBois. E-mail: dsl11@ psu .edu. Telephone: (814) 375-4707. AA/ 
EOE 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 
4212 

http:// www .psu .edu 

Penn State York, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites 
applications for the position of Assistant Professor of English. 
Start date: 
August 2009. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach upper-level business and/or technical- 
writing 
courses and literature courses to support general education and 
the English 
major. Course load is 3–3. Teaching assignments may include 
day, evening and Saturday classes. The successful applicant is expected 
to publish in refereed journals; participate in professional organizations; 
engage in course, curriculum, and program development; advise undergraduate 
students; and participate in campus, university, and community 
service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English. 
Seeking specialization in British 
literature before 1800; prefer Medieval or Renaissance literature. Ability 
to teach courses in the analysis and history of the English 
language is 
desirable. Evidence of potential in research and publication is expected, as 
is commitment to high-quality instruction in a student-centered environment. 
Prior college-level teaching experience preferred. Enthusiasm for 
working in a multidisciplinary environment is important. 

For more information about the campus, visit http:// www .psu .edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll .html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications should be submitted as a Microsoft 
Word or PDF file to ccsearch@ psu .edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of references. Application review begins November 10, 2008 and 
will continue until a suitable candidate is found. 

INQUIRIES: Dr. Joseph P. McCormick, 2nd, Director of Academic Affairs, 
Penn State York. E-mail: jpm32@ psu .edu. Telephone: (717) 771- 
4051. AA/EOE 

Penn State U 

Comparative Literature, 427 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Comparative Literature (African 
Literature) 4224 

http:// complit.la.psu .edu/ 

AFRICAN LITERATURE. Continuing our mission of pursuing the 
study of inter-and intra-continental African literatures, the Department 
of Comparative Literature at Penn State invites applications for an Assistant 
or Associate Professor position in African literature (tenure-track 
or tenured according to qualifications). Start date: August 2009 preferred. 
We are interested in candidates with expertise in fields of African literature 
who will complement our department’s commitment to the global 
study of literature, and who will provide a strong contribution to our undergraduate 
and doctoral programs. Teaching responsibilities will include 
introductory and advanced courses with a continent-wide perspective on 
African literatures and cultures. Areas of specialization open, and might 
include African literature in relation to Black Atlantic or other transnational 
circulations of black cultures; African literatures in French, English, 
Arabic, and/or other languages; relations between Sub-Saharan and 
North African literatures; new perspectives on negritude; aesthetics and 
African literatures; Africa and other parts of the Global South; relations 
between written and oral literatures; African literature and performance. 
We welcome applicants with other areas of expertise involving African 
literatures as well. Ph.D. and appropriate teaching experience required: 
Ph.D. in Comparative Literature or related field preferred. Knowledge of 
relevant languages expected. Screening of applications will begin October 
30, 2008, although all applications will be considered until the search 
is concluded. Send letter, CV, and names of three references; electronic 
submission to Cindy Bierly at <cqb2@ psu .edu> is strongly preferred, but 
applications or nominations can also be sent to Thomas A. Hale, Chair, 
African Literature Search Committee, c/o Cindy Bierly, Box M, Department 
of Comparative Literature, 427 Burrowes Building, The Pennsylvania 
State University, University Park, PA 16802-6204, USA; or by FAX 
to Cindy Bierly at (814) 863-8882. Visit our Web site at http:// complit. 
la.psu .edu/. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, 
and the diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Penn State U 

English, 
139 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professorships in Rhetoric and 
Composition 3986 

http:// en glish.
la.psu .edu/ 

We seek proven scholars and teachers to f ill one or more positions in 
rhetoric and composition. We are looking for scholars and teachers eager 
and able to contribute to our top-tier graduate program in rhetoric and 
composition, and assume responsibilities for graduate and undergraduate 
education. Successful applicants will exhibit a sustained and nationally 
visible research program in the field. We offer competitive salary, varied 
teaching assignments, and significant professional support. We will begin 
reviewing applications on September 5, 2008 and will accept applications 
until the positions are filled. Electronic submissions in Microsoft Word or 
Adobe PDF format strongly preferred. Please send a letter of application, 
C.V., and a list of recommenders to aeh109@ psu .edu. If unable to send 



electronically, please mail to: Keith Gilyard, Distinguished Professor and 
Chair, Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Box RC, Department 
of English, 
139 Burrowes Building, The Pennsylvania State University, 
University Park, PA 16802. Penn State is committed to affirmative 
action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Penn State U, Altoona 

English, 
3000 Ivyside Park Altoona PA 16601 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric & Composition 3802 

http:// www .altoona .psu .edu 

(Tenure Track) 

The Pennsylvania State University, the Altoona College invites applications 
for a tenure-track appointment for a Rhetoric and Composition specialist 
in the Division of Arts and Humanities. The candidate must be 
able to teach both introductory and advanced writing courses. The ability 
to teach professional writing, advanced business writing, or other writing 
courses contributing to our B.A. in English 
is highly desirable. 

Located in the beautiful Allegheny Mountains of central Pennsylvania, 
Penn State Altoona is a largely residential campus of 4000 students offering 
19 baccalaureate degree programs and the first two years of 180 
Penn State baccalaureate degrees. Degree offerings at Penn State Altoona 
will continue to expand. Only 40 miles from the University Park campus, 
Altoona College offers the advantages of small college teaching with the 
readily available resources of a major research university. 

The position requires a Ph.D. in English 
or related field, and is a tenuretrack 
appointment at the level of assistant professor or a rank commensurate 
with qualifications beginning in Fall 2009. Applicants should present 
a record of evidence and potential effectiveness in teaching, research, and 
service. Candidates should have a strong commitment to undergraduate 
education, research, student recruitment and retention, and curricular development 
and assessment. Penn State Altoona offers a competitive salary 
and an attractive benefits package. 

Applicants should send a letter of application establishing their qualifications; 
a current vita; a description of teaching philosophy and evidence of 
teaching effectiveness; a statement of research interests; transcripts (official 
transcripts required at the time of an interview); and three letters of reference. 
Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit their applications and 
accompanying materials electronically to artsandhumanities@ psu .edu in 
Word or PDF formats. Review of applications will begin the week of October 
15, 2008, and continue until the position is filled. Initial interviews 
will be conducted at the annual Modern Language Association meeting 
in December 2008, but all applicants will be considered. Non-electronic 
inquiries, applications, and additional materials should be sent to: 

Chair Search Committee for English, 
Penn State Altoona, Box/ Pos. 
A-28092, 3000 Ivyside Park Altoona, PA 16601-3760 

For additional information about Penn State Altoona, please visit our web 
page at http:// www .altoona .psu .edu 

Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the 
diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Saint Joseph’s U 

English, 
5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Communication Studies 4220 

http:// www .sju .edu/ cas/ en glish 


Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, the Department of English 
at 
Saint Joseph’s University is currently recruiting for a tenure-track position 
in Communication Studies. The departmental load is 3/3. The position, 
supported by the Department of English, 
is designed to enhance University 
curricular initiatives toward a proposed interdisciplinary program in 
communication studies, which the candidate will help to develop. Ideally, 
the candidate will have a background in the theories and practices 
of mass communication and professional experience in a communication 
field; secondary expertise in rhetoric/ composition is desirable. Teaching 
responsibilities will include two core courses in communication studies 
(Communication Theory and Practices, and Ethics and Communication) 
as well as English 
Department courses at both undergraduate and graduate 
levels. These courses may include traditional and convergent media 
(especially journalism), technical writing, writing for organizations, writing 
for the web, and/or rhetoric and composition. English 
programs are 
offered on both day and evening schedules. All English 
faculty advise majors. 
For further information about the department, please visit our website 
at www .sju .edu/ cas/ english. 
The search chair is Dr. Owen Gilman, 
Department of English 
(ogilman@ sju .edu). 

Applicants should have dedication to teaching and demonstrated potential 
for scholarly activity. Ph.D. in Communication, Rhetoric and Composition, 
or closely related field in hand by August 2009. 

In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online. 
Please log on to the Saint Joseph’s University Human Resource website 
using the following link http:// www .sju .edu/hr; click on Employment 
and follow the instructions. Applications are to include (1) a curriculum 
vitae, including the names of 3 references with complete contact information 
(e.g., address, phone, and email) and (2) a letter outlining academic 
achievements (including dissertation), research plans, and teaching philosophy. 
Please do not send hard copies of documents. Dossiers and writing 
samples will be requested after initial screening. All materials must be 
submitted by November 7, 2008. We will be conducting interviews at the 
2008 MLA Convention in San Francisco. 

Saint Joseph’s University is a private, Catholic, Jesuit institution and expects 
members of its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. Saint Joseph’s University 
is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
that seeks to 
recruit, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. 

AA/EOE M/F/D/V [R] 

Shippensburg U 

English, 
1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Assistant Professor in English-
Ethnic/ Minority Literature of the U.S. 4211 

http:// webspace .ship .edu/ en glish/ 


Tenure-track position beginning fall 2009 in Ethnic/ Minority literature 
of the United States, with research and coursework in Latina/o, Native 
American, and/or Asian American literatures and cultures. Candidate 
must have a PhD in English 
from an accredited institution by appointment 
date. Twelve-hour course load will include majors’ courses in the candidate’s 
area of expertise, literature surveys, and first-year writing seminars. 

A commitment to undergraduate education, university service, cultural 
diversity, and scholarly activity expected. The committee may meet with 
select candidates at the MLA Convention in San Francisco. A teaching 
demonstration will be part of the on-campus interview process. 

Review of applications begins November 1 and will continue until the 
position is filled. Send application letter, curriculum vitae, undergraduate 
and graduate transcripts (unofficial for application, official prior to interview), 
including contact information for three current references to: 

Catherine Dent, Chair, Ethnic/ Minority Literature of the U.S. Search 
Committee, Department of English, 
Shippensburg University, 1871 Old 
Main Drive, DHC 113, Shippensburg, PA 17257 

For more information about the Department of English 
and Shippensburg 
University, see webspace .ship .edu/ en glish/. 


All candidates must furnish proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. upon 
appointment. Offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion 
of a criminal background check. Shippensburg University is committed 
to equal employment opportunity. Individuals from traditionally 
underrepresented populations are encouraged to apply. [R] 



Shippensburg U 

English, 
1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in English 
or English 
Education 4213 

http:// webspace .ship .edu/ en glish/ 


Shippensburg University seeks two tenure-track Assistant Professors of 
English 
beginning Fall 2009. Candidate must have a PhD in English 
or 
other relevant terminal degree from an accredited institution by appointment 
date. Specialty open, with preparation or experience in one or more 
of the following: middle and high school language arts education, literacy 
education (reading and writing), Adolescent Literature (YAL), and teaching 
ESL and ELLs. 12-hour course load will include General Education; 
Secondary Certification courses, including field supervision; and courses 
in the candidate’s area of specialization. 

A commitment to undergraduate education, service to the university, and 
scholarly activity expected. A teaching demonstration and evidence of 
a commitment to understanding diverse populations will be required as 
part of the on-campus interview process. The committee may meet with 
select candidates at NCTE or MLA, as appropriate. 

Send application letter, curriculum vitae, undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts (unofficial for application, official prior to interview) and contact 
information for three current references to: Dr. Shari Horner, Chair, 
English 
Education Search Committee, Department of English, 
Shippensburg 
University, 1871 Old Main Drive, Shippensburg PA 17257 

Review of applications begins November 1, 2008 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Upon appointment, candidates must furnish proof of 
eligibility to work in the U.S. Offers of employment will be contingent 
upon successful completion of a criminal background check. Shippensburg 
University is an equal opportunity employer. 
Individuals from traditionally 
underrepresented populations are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Susquehanna U 

English, 
PO Box 1857, 514 Univrsty Av Selinsgrove PA 17870 

Writing Coordinator and Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
4398 

http:// www .susqu .edu 

Rank dependent upon teaching experience and scholarship; tenure-track 
appointment beginning fall 2009. Teaching assignment includes freshman 
composition, occasional literature courses, and the possibility of 
copyediting or other courses in publishing and editing. Writing Coordinator 
duties include coordination and development of freshmen writing 
courses and upper division writing intensive courses as well as assessment 
of writing goals across campus. PhD required. Susquehanna University is 
committed to creating a more diverse community, and encourages candidates 
from historically underrepresented groups to apply. Susquehanna 
University is an EO/AA employer. 
Submit application letter, CV, and 
reference letters to Susan R. Bowers, suwritingc@ susqu .edu (electronic 
submissions preferred) or Susan R. Bowers, Chair, Department of English 
and Creative Writing, Susquehanna University, Selinsgrove, PA 17870. 
Review of applications will begin November 1 and continue until the 
position is filled. Susquehanna is a selective, national liberal arts college 
that prepares students for achievement, leadership and service in a diverse 
and interconnected world. Its 2000 undergraduates come from 30 states 
and 12 countries to Susquehanna’s scenic Susquehanna River valley campus 
in Selinsgrove, PA, for excellent academics, mentoring, and experiential 
learning. The university, located 50 miles north of Harrisburg, is 
a three-hour drive from New York City, Philadelphia and Washington 
D.C. [R] 

Susquehanna U 

English, 
PO Box 1857, 514 Univrsty Av Selinsgrove PA 17870 

Assistant Professor of English 
and Creative Writing, concentration in 
fiction 4399 

http:// www .susqu .edu 

Tenure-track appointment to begin in fall, 2009 in a thriving, ambitious, 
undergraduate creative writing major at Susquehanna University. Courses 
include fiction workshops at introductory, intermediate, and advanced 
levels as well as core-level classes that include literature and freshman 
writing courses as well as multigenre creative writing workshops. Writing 
faculty regularly publish and are actively involved in the Visiting Writers 
Series and our national and campus literary magazines. PhD preferred. 
Submit application letter and CV to Gary Fincke at sufiction@ susqu .edu 
(electronic submissions preferred) or Gary Fincke, Director, Writers Institute, 
Susquehanna University, Selinsgrove, PA 17870. Will interview at 
MLA. Review of applications will begin October 15 and continue until 
the position is filled. Susquehanna is a selective, national liberal arts college 
that prepares students for achievement, leadership and service in a 
diverse and interconnected world. Its 2000 undergraduates come from 30 
states and 12 countries to Susquehanna’s scenic Susquehanna River Valley 
campus in Selinsgrove, Pa., for excellent academics, mentoring and experiential 
learning. The university, located 50 miles north of Harrisburg 
is a three-our drive from New York City, Philadelphia, and Washington, 
D.C. Susquehanna University is committed to creating a more diverse 
community. The university encourages candidates from historically 
underrepresented groups to apply. Susquehanna University is an EO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

Swarthmore C 

English 
Lit, 500 College Av Swarthmore PA 19081 

Assistant Professor of English 
Literature 3898 

http:// www .swarthmore .edu/ en glishliterature 
.xml 

Sixteenth and Seventeenth Century English 
Literature 

Tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level with a focus on 16th 
and 17th century English 
literature and culture. The successful candidate 
will demonstrate both the ability to teach Shakespeare and a strong engagement 
with a broad historical range of early modern texts in manuscript, 
print, and performance. Emphasis on England’s 
interaction with 
other linguistic and cultural traditions is also highly desirable. Ph.D. 
should be completed by the beginning of the appointment; teaching experience 
required. Send printed letter of application, vita, dossier (including 
transcript), and writing sample (15–20 double-spaced pages maximum) 
to Peter Schmidt, Chair, Department of English 
Literature, Swarthmore 
College, 500 College Avenue, Swarthmore, PA 19081. Deadline for applications 
is a postmark of October 31, 2008. Swarthmore College is an 
EO employer; 
women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Temple U 

English, 
1114 W Berks St Philadelphia PA 19122 

Assistant Professor of Composition/ Rhetoric 3790 

http:// www .temple .edu/ en glish 


The English 
Department at Temple University seeks a tenure-line advanced 
assistant professor who will eventually direct the first-year writing 
program. Candidates will teach first-year writing and offer courses 
in writing, rhetoric, and literacy in the undergraduate and graduate programs. 
They should have active research agendas in such fields as composition 
pedagogy, writing program administration, writing in multi-cultural 
settings community literacy, technologies of writing, or rhetoric. Ph.D. 
required in rhetoric and composition or a related field. We seek a candidate 
with administrative experience in first-year writing, in the training 
of graduate students to teach writing and do research in rhetoric and 



composition. The candidate will also work in curriculum, assessment, and 
articulation with a new general education program. 

The successful candidate will join a growing department in a diverse, 
research-oriented university. The Temple Writing Program has enjoyed 
consistent support and offers a positive environment for research and practice. 
Current teaching load is 2/2 for faculty with a significant research 
agenda. Salary commensurate with qualifications and teaching experience. 
Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Temple University is an 
equal opportunity, equal access, affirmative action employer, 
committed 
to achieving a diverse community. Qualified women and minority candidates 
are encouraged to apply. Interviews conducted at MLA. 

To receive full consideration, applications (letter/cv/dossier) should be 
postmarked by October 15. Send applications to Shannon Miller, Chair, 
Department of English, 
Temple University, 1114 W. Berks Street, Philadelphia, 
PA 19122. [R] 

Temple U 

English, 
1114 W Berks St Philadelphia PA 19122 

Senior Position in Creative Writing/ Fiction 4008 

http:// www .temple .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Temple University is searching for a tenured, 
senior level Fiction Writer to begin in Fall of 2009. A successful 
candidate will have a significant record of publication. We are looking 
for a distinguished writer to join our strong M.A. program in creative 
writing, as well as to teach in our undergraduate major. Traditionally, our 
creative writing faculty are all active critics as well as creative writers. 
Current teaching load is 2/2 for productive creative faculty. Salary will be 
commensurate with qualifications. Temple University is an equal opportunity, 
equal access, affirmative action employer, 
committed to achieving 
a diverse community. Qualified women and minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. 

To receive full consideration, applications (letter/cv/dossier) should be 
postmarked by Nov. 1. Send applications to Shannon Miller, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Temple University, 1114 W. Berks St., Philadelphia, 
PA 19122. [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 
526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant, Associate or Full Professor in Creative Nonfiction 4273 

http:// www .en glish 
.pitt .edu 

We are expecting approval for a position (Open Rank) in Creative Nonfiction. 
Please check the on-line listings for details or write David Bartholomae 
(barth@ pitt .edu). [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 
526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant or Associate Professor for a Medievalist 4272 

http:// www .en glish 
.pitt .edu 

We are expecting approval for a position (Assistant or Associate Professor) 
for a Medievalist. Please check the on-line listings for details or write 
David Bartholomae (barth@ pitt .edu). [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

English-
David Bartholomae, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 
15260 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Composition 4265 

http:// www .en glish 
.pitt .edu 

We are expecting approval for a position (Assistant or Associate Professor) 
in Composition, Rhetoric, Literacy and Pedagogy. Please check 
the on-line listings for details or write David Bartholomae (barth@ pitt 
.edu). [R] 

Villanova U 

English, 
800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Director of Irish Studies Program 3710 

http:// www .villanova .edu/ artsci/ irishstudies/ faculty/ director/ 

Villanova University seeks a Director for its Irish Studies Program, at the 
rank of associate or full professor, beginning Fall 2009. Academic field is 
open, but because of the program’s strong ties to Irish literature, candidates 
should have an excellent knowledge of the Irish literary world. The 
director will hold an appointment in the appropriate academic department. 
Candidates should have the appropriate terminal degree or a record 
of distinguished professional activity, as well as administrative experience 
and a history of excellent publication and teaching. Along with administration 
and scholarship, responsibilities include teaching four courses per 
year. 

Initial appointment as director is for five years and is renewable. Send letter 
of application, vita, and recent writing sample, as well as at least three 
letters of reference, to Prof. Evan Radcliffe, Chair of Irish Studies Search 
Committee, English 
Dept., Villanova University, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villanova, 
PA 19085-1699, by Oct. 6, 2008; review of applications will begin 
on Oct. 6 and continue until the position is filled. Applications acknowledged 
by letter. Villanova University is a Catholic university sponsored by 
the Augustinian order. An AA/EEO employer, 
Villanova seeks a diverse 
faculty committed to scholarship, service, and especially teaching, who 
understand, respect, and can contribute to the University’s mission and 
values. [R] 

York C of Pennsylvania 

English 
& Humanities, Country Club Rd York PA 17405 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing and Literature 4333 

http:// www .ycp .edu 

Creative Writing and Literature: The English 
and Humanities Department 
at York College of Pennsylvania invites applications for a tenuretrack 
position at the rank of assistant professor in Creative Writing and 
Literature, to begin August 2009. Primary teaching responsibilities include 
introductory and advanced creative writing courses and literature 
courses in genre, particularly contemporary poetry and fiction. The successful 
candidate will be expected to enhance the Creative Writing minor 
and work to expand course offerings in the Professional Writing major 
and the Literary Studies major. Job responsibilities also include advising 
students in the publication of our annual literary magazine. The teaching 
load is four courses per semester. Requirements: MFA in Creative Writing 
or Ph.D. in English 
or related f ield and evidence of publication of 
creative writing. Demonstrable success in the teaching of creative writing 
and literature courses and evidence of a strong commitment to undergraduate 
education are expected. Interviews will be conducted at the 
MLA convention in San Francisco. York College is a comprehensive college 
offering over 50 baccalaureate majors in the arts, sciences, and professional 
fields. The College has an enrollment of 4600 full-time and 800 
part-time students. The campus is located in south-central Pennsylvania 
(50 miles north of Baltimore) and offers competitive salaries and benefits. 
Interested applicants should forward a letter of application, vita, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference to Dr. Gabriel 
Abudu, Chair, Department of English 
and Humanities, York College of 
Pennsylvania, York, PA 17405-7199. Review of applications will begin in 
mid-October and continue until appointment is made. York College is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 



Rhode Isla nd 

Brown U 

English, 
70 Brown St., Box 1852 Box 1852 Providence RI 02912 

African American literature and culture 3656 

http:// www .brown .edu/ Departments/ En glish 


African American literature and culture. Applications invited from advanced 
assistant professors, associate and full professors. Candidates should 
demonstrate excellence in scholarship and teaching, with possible interests 
in any of the following areas: transatlantic/ diasporic studies; reformulations 
of theories of race and ethnicity; gender, feminist theory, sexuality; 
revisions of traditional canons, periods, and models of African American 
literary history. Advanced assistant and associate professors should send a 
letter of application, dossier (c.v. and three letters of recommendation) and 
abstract of current book project. Senior scholars should send a letter of application, 
c.v. and a list of five referees in the field. All applications should 
be sent to: Professor Rolland Murray, Chair, African American Search 
Committee, English 
Department, Box 1852, 70 Brown Street, Brown 
University, Providence, RI 02912. Applications will be reviewed beginning 
November 1, 2008, and accepted until the position is filled. Brown 
University is an EEO/AA employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

New England 
Inst of Tech 

Humanities and Social Science, 2500 Post Road Warwick RI 02886 

Director of Writing 4409 

http:// www .neit .edu 

The Department of Humanities and Social Sciences at New England 
Institute of Technology (NEIT) seeks a faculty member to direct the 
day-to-day operations of the writing program which supports both the associate 
and bachelor degree programs. In addition to managing all writing 
courses, the person appointed will recruit, train, and evaluate all writing 
instructors. The Director will also take the lead in developing a Writing- 
Across-the-Curriculum program with an emphasis on collaboration with 
the various technology departments. The position includes teaching responsibilities. 
NEIT is an open admissions campus with a strong emphasis 
on high quality teaching without an expectation from faculty to publish 
or conduct research. 

Qualifications: college teaching experience (community college or technical 
college background preferred); foundation in the theory and pedagogy 
of composition; prof iciency in Blackboard or Web CT learning 
environment; and M.A in English 
or Rhetoric/ Composition (Ph.D. preferred). 
The search committee will begin screening applications as they 
are received. The search will remain open until the position is filled. 

Providence C 

English, 
549 River Avenue Providence RI 02918 

Assistant Professor of English 
4088 

http:// www .providence .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Providence College invites applications 
for a tenure track Assistant Professor specializing in Milton. Successful 
candidate must be willing and able to participate in the College’s core 
requirement, a team-taught interdisciplinary Development of Western 
Civilization Program. 

Applicants must possess a Ph.D. and demonstrate excellence in undergraduate 
teaching, the ability to establish a scholarly research program, and a 
willingness to be active in service to the college and the community. 

Applicants must submit a complete dossier (cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
official graduate transcript(s), a writing sample, and three letters of recommendation) 
to: 

Dr. Stephen Lynch, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
Providence College, Providence, RI 02918 

Applications must be postmarked no later than November 1, 2008. 

Providence College is a Roman Catholic, four-year liberal arts college 
conducted under the auspices of the Dominican Friars and seeks candidates 
who can aff irm and contribute to its Mission. An AA/EOE, the 
College especially encourages the applications of women and persons of 
color. [R] 

Providence C 

English, 
549 River Avenue Providence RI 02918 

Assistant Professor of English 
4095 

http:// www .providence .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Providence College invites applications for 
a tenure track Assistant Professor specializing in any area of fiction 1960 
to the present, with the ability to teach U.S. writers. Successful candidate 
must be willing and able to participate in the College’s core requirement, 
a team-taught interdisciplinary Development of Western Civilization 
Program. 

Applicants must possess a Ph.D. and demonstrate excellence in undergraduate 
teaching, the ability to establish a scholarly research program, and a 
willingness to be active in service to the college and the community. 

Applicants must submit a complete dossier (cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
official graduate transcript(s), a writing sample, and three letters of recommendation) 
to: 

Dr. Suzanne J. Fournier, Chair, Department of English, 
Providence College 
Providence, RI 02918 

Applications must be postmarked no later than November 1, 2008. 

Providence College is a Roman Catholic, four-year liberal arts college 
conducted under the auspices of the Dominican Friars and seeks candidates 
who can aff irm and contribute to its Mission. An AA/EOE, the 
College especially encourages the applications of women and persons of 
color. [R] 

South Ca rolina 

Clemson U 

English, 
PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634 

Campbell Chair in Technical Communication & Professor of English 
3713 

http:// www .clemson .edu/ caah/ en glish/ 


Clemson University, a public land grant institution, invites applications 
for the Robert S. Campbell Chair in Technical Communication and Professor 
of English. 
The current Campbell Chair, Art Young, is retiring at 
the end of December 2008, and the position begins in August 2009. The 
successful candidate will provide leadership for Clemson’s nationally recognized 
program in Writing Across the Curriculum. With a particular 
focus on engineering and science, the Campbell Chair collaborates with 
the R. Roy and Marnie Pearce Center for Professional Communication 
to continue and advance writing across the curriculum on campus and 
nationally. The English 
Department seeks candidates with distinguished 
reputations in such areas as writing across the curriculum, professional 
and technical communication, rhetoric and composition, and digital 
communication. The Campbell Chair may participate in the department’s 
established graduate and undergraduate degrees in writing and literature, 
including the M.A. in Professional Communication (MAPC), as well as 
the transdisciplinary Ph.D. in Rhetorics, Communication, and Information 
Design (RCID). Candidates should be able to demonstrate excellence 
in teaching, experience in programmatic leadership, as well as scholarship 
and publications commensurate with the rank of tenured full professor in 
English 
at Clemson. 

Applications, including cover letter and c.v., should be mailed to Professor 
Lee Morrissey, Chair, Department of English, 
Clemson University, 
Clemson, SC 29634-0523. Review of candidates will begin October 15, 
2008, and will continue until the position is filled. Clemson University is 



an AA/EEO employer 
and does not discriminate against any individual 
or group of individuals on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national 
origin, race, religion, sexual orientation or veteran status. 

The Citadel 

English, 
171 Moultrie St Charleston SC 29409 

Assistant Professor of 18th Century British Literature 3927 

http:// www .citadel .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at The Citadel invites applications for a tenure-
track assistant professor position in 18th century British literature. 
We have a four-course teaching load per semester (12 hours); applicants 
should be committed to teaching core-curriculum composition and literature 
survey classes, as well as upper-division and graduate courses. 
Employment will begin in August 2009; the Ph.D. is required by that 
time. Interviews at MLA. Send letter of application and c.v. to David G. 
Allen, Head, Department of English, 
The Citadel, 171 Moultrie Street, 
Charleston, SC 29409. Applications should be postmarked no later than 
7 November 2008 and will be acknowledged by e-mail. The Citadel is an 
EEO/AA employer 
and especially encourages persons from underrepresented 
groups to apply. [R] 

U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 
1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Assistant Professor 4118 

http:// www .cas.sc.edu/ engl/ 

The English 
Department at the University of South Carolina continues 
its hiring initiative in African American Literature and Black Diaspora 
Studies with a search this year to fill an Assistant Professor position. Our 
initiative aims to bring together scholars working in traditionally defined 
fields with scholars whose work straddles and challenges conventional disciplinary 
boundaries. Candidates should demonstrate an active engagement 
with the theories and methodologies currently informing the study 
of African American and Black Diaspora literatures and cultures. These 
methodologies might include (but are not limited to) postcolonial, psychoanalytic, 
feminist, critical race, rhetorical, and/or Marxist approaches. 
We welcome applications from highly-qualified candidates working in 
any genre or area; we are especially interested in the following areas: pre- 
1900 African American Literature; the African Diaspora in the American 
South; African American Literary or Cultural Theory; Black Trans- 
Atlantic 
Cultural Studies. Candidates must hold the PhD at the time of 
appointment (August 2009) and demonstrate clear potential for excellence 
in scholarship and teaching. To assure full consideration, applications 
must be received by October 31, 2008. Please send application letter, a 
vita, three letters of recommendation, and a writing sample to William 
E. Rivers, Chair, Department of English, 
University of South Carolina, 
Columbia, SC 29208. 

The University of South Carolina is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation 
for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution of “very high research 
activity;” it supports over 27,000 students with 350 degree programs and 
a nationally-ranked library system. Located in the state capital, Columbia 
(conveniently close to both the mountains and the coast), the university is 
often considered to be one of the most beautiful campuses in an urban setting. 
With a population of over 650,000 in the greater metropolitan area, 
Columbia is a dynamic city in the midst of major renewal projects, many 
driven by joint ventures between the community and the university. 

The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity 
employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. 
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
or veteran status. [R] 

Winthrop U 

English, 
Oakland Av Rock Hill SC 29733 

Chair, Department of English 
4201 

http:// www .winthrop .edu 

Winthrop University’s College of Arts and Sciences invites applications 
for a tenure-track, ten-and-one-half month position as Chair, Department 
of English, 
Senior rank (Associate or Full Professor), beginning 
August 1, 2009. Chair’s responsibilities include promoting excellent 
teaching, scholarship, and service in the department; developing and coordinating 
departmental curriculum; coordinating recruitment, retention 
and placement of undergraduate majors and graduate students; recruiting 
and evaluating departmental faculty; serving as chief fiscal officer of 
the department; teaching in the area of expertise and other departmental 
courses; and fostering cooperative efforts with other departments and 
programs in the college and university. Candidates must have a Ph.D. in 
English, 
area of specialization open. Salary is commensurate with qualifications. 
Application deadline is October 29, 2008; materials received 
after the deadline may be considered if an acceptable candidate has not 
been selected. Materials submitted should include a letter of application 
to include candidate’s interest in the position; qualifications for the position 
and statement of administrative philosophy and teaching philosophy; 
current curriculum vitae; evidence of teaching excellence, effective scholarship, 
and successful administrative experience; three letters of recommendation 
from individuals who can attest to the candidate’s teaching, 
research, and administrative expertise; and terminal degree transcript(s). 
Applications should be addressed to Dr. William F. Naufftus, Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English, 
Winthrop University, Rock 
Hill, SC 29733. Winthrop University is a state-supported university 25 
miles south of Charlotte, NC; the Department of English 
has 24 full-time 
faculty and offers the BA and MA. EOE. [R] 

South Da kota 

Northern SU 

English 
& Linguistics, 1200 S Jay St Aberdeen SD 57401 

Assistant Professor of English 
Literature 4075 

http:// yourfuture .sdbor .edu 

Position: Assistant Professor of English 
Literature, tenure-track. Strong 
experience in journalism and/or professional writing required. Specialties 
in nineteenth century British literature and children’s literature preferred. 
Experience teaching with technology preferred. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
with evidence of excellence in teaching 
and scholarly activity; ABD will be considered for appointment at the instructor 
level. 

Responsibilities: A 4/4 teaching load will include freshman composition, 
journalism, and sophomore/ upper-division literature courses. Faculty also 
participate in academic advising and other university service activities. 
Applicants should have a strong commitment to undergraduate education. 

Application: Review of applications will begin on December 15, 2008 
and continue until the position is filled with an August 2009 start date. 
A completed application will include a letter of application, curriculum 
vita, and the names and contact information for at least three references. 
For more information regarding this position, and to apply, visit: https:// 
yourfuture .sdbor .edu. Click on â€˜Northern State University’ in the 
Quick Search section. The system will guide you through the electronic 
application form. 

Northern State University is an AA/EOE institution. Northern State 
University seeks a diverse faculty, staff and student body and encourages 
members of minority groups and women to apply. 



Tennessee 

Sewanee: The U of the South 

English, 
735 University Av Sewanee TN 37383 

Assistant Professor of English 
4153 

http:// www .sewanee .edu 

Assistant Professor of English. 
Tenure-track. Seeking a specialist in modern 
British literature, with an emphasis on f iction, who will also participate 
in the Interdisciplinary Humanities Program and offer first-year 
writing intensive courses emphasizing Shakespeare. Teaching load is three 
courses per semester. Ph.D. by August 2009. Letter, vita, and dossier to 
Prof. Pamela Macfie, Chair, Department of English, 
University of the 
South, 735 University Avenue, Sewanee, TN 37383. Full consideration to 
applications received by Nov. 10. Will interview at MLA. Affiliated with 
the Episcopal Church, the University of the South is ranked in the top tier 
of national liberal arts colleges. Its campus, located atop the Cumberland 
Plateau in southeastern Tennessee, is home to both the Sewanee Writers’ 
Conference and the Sewanee Review, the nation’s oldest continuously 
published literary quarterly. EOE. [R] 

U of Tennessee, Martin 

English, 
131 Humanities Bldg 209 Hurt St Martin TN 38238 

Assistant Professor Nineteenth-and Twentieth-Century 
British literature 4250 

http:// www .utm .edu 

Tenure-track assistant professor in nineteenth-and twentieth-century 
British literature (12-hour load). Secondary expertise in one or more 
of the following would be useful: rhetoric, modern and contemporary 
American literature, linguistics, folklore. Ph. D. by August 1, 2009. A successful 
candidate will demonstrate a commitment to teaching composition 
and the ability to use technology as a teaching tool. UT Martin has the 
traditional tenure requirements in teaching, research, and service, though 
the primary focus is on quality teaching. Application letter and CV to 
Charles Bradshaw, British Literature Search Committee Chair, English 
Department, University of Tennesseeâ€”Martin, Martin, TN 38238. Initial 
screening begins 1 November 2008, and will continue until the position 
is filled. An EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ ADEA 
employer, 
the University seeks to diversify its work force. All qualified 
applicants, regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, 
disability or veteran status are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Tennessee, Martin 

English, 
131 Humanities Bldg 209 Hurt St Martin TN 38238 

Assistant Professor Africian American literature 4248 

http:// www .utm .edu 

Open-rank tenure-track position in African American literature (12-hour 
load). Secondary expertise in one or more of the following areas would be 
useful: rhetoric, linguistics, folklore, modern and contemporary American 
literature. Rank determined at time of appointment and commensurate 
with experience. Applicants should demonstrate a commitment 
to teaching composition and the ability to use technology as a teaching 
tool. Ph.D. in English 
by 1 August 2009. Send letter and vita to Daniel 
F. Pigg, African-American Search Committee Chair, English 
Dept., UT 
Martin, 131 Humanities, 209 Hurt Street, Martin, TN 38238. Application 
review will begin on November 1, 2008, and will continue until the 
position is filled. UTM is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ 
ADA/ ADEA employer. 
The University seeks to diversify its work force. 
All qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, 
gender, age, disability or Vietnam veteran status, are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Vanderbilt U 

English, 
VU Station B, Box 351654 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville 
TN 37235 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern Literature 3996 

http:// www .vanderbilt .edu/ en glish 


We invite applications for a tenure-track position as an assistant professor 
of English 
in early modern literature with research and teaching interests 
that bridge the late medieval and early modern periods. Candidates must 
have Ph.D. in hand by the start of the fall semester, 2009. Please send CV 
and letter of application to Jay Clayton, Chair, Department of English, 
2301 Vanderbilt Place, Station B Box 351654, Nashville, TN 37235-1654. 
Materials should be postmarked by October 15, 2008. Women and minority 
candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Vanderbilt is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Texa s 

Angelo SU 

English, 
ASU Station 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor of English 
3675 

http:// www .angelo .edu/ dept/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in the literature of the English 
Long Eighteenth Century, 
Restoration and Enlightenment. PhD required by August 2009. 
Competitive entry-level salary. Teaching load normally twelve hours per 
semester, including upper-level courses in English 
literature where qualified, 
along with courses in sophomore literature and freshman composition. 
Evidence of scholarly publication/ activity desirable. Service to 
department, university, profession, and community expected. Send letter 
of application, CV, names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three professional 
references to John Wegner, Interim Head, Department of English, 
ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909-0894. Deadline open, 
but may be closed anytime after December 5, 2008. The department will 
interview at MLA. Governed by the Texas Tech University System, ASU 
is a regional, comprehensive university fully accredited to award degrees 
at the associate, bachelor’s, and master’s levels. The University is an Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
[R] 

Angelo SU 

English, 
ASU Station 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor of English 
3676 

http:// www .angelo .edu/ dept/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in the literature of the British Renaissance. PhD required 
by August 2008. Competitive entry-level salary. Teaching load 
normally twelve hours per semester, including upper-level courses in 
British literature where qualified, along with courses in sophomore literature 
and freshman composition. Evidence of scholarly publication/ 
activity desirable. Service to department, university, profession, and community 
expected. Send letter of application, CV, names, addresses, and 
telephone numbers of three professional references to John Wegner, Interim 
Head, Department of English, 
ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, 
TX 76909-0894. Deadline open, but may be closed anytime after December 
5, 2008. The department will interview at MLA. Governed by 
the Texas Tech University System, ASU is a regional, comprehensive university 
fully accredited to award degrees at the associate, bachelor’s, and 
master’s levels. The University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
[R] 



Angelo SU 

English, 
ASU Station 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor of English 
3677 

http:// www .angelo .edu/ dept/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in English 
Communication; Rhetoric and Composition 
with an emphasis in business, professional, or technical writing; or 
English 
with substantial experience in teaching upper-division professional 
writing courses. PhD required by August 2009. Competitive entrylevel 
salary. Teaching load is twelve hours per semester, including courses 
in upper-division professional writing, business communications and 
technical communications courses, as well as in freshman composition. 
Other duties include contribution to an existing specialization in Professional 
Writing by assisting with curriculum design, student recruitment, 
community outreach, and development of service learning opportunities. 
Evidence of scholarly publication/ activity desirable. Service to department, 
university, profession, and community expected. Send letter of 
application, CV, names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three professional 
references to John Wegner, Interim Head, Department of English, 
ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909-0894. Deadline open, but 
may be closed anytime after December 5, 2008. The department will interview 
at MLA. Governed by the Texas Tech University System, ASU 
is a regional, comprehensive university fully accredited to award degrees 
at the associate, bachelor’s, and master’s levels. The University is an Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
[R] 

Baylor U 

English, 
1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

English 
Department Chair 4106 

http:// www .baylor .edu/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
at Baylor University invites applications for 
the position of Department Chair beginning in September 2009. This 
position carries the rank of associate or full professor. Applicants should 
have an excellent record of scholarly achievement and administrative experience. 
Additional experience obtaining external funding is a plus. The 
successful applicant will be a nationally-recognized scholar, will be committed 
to excellence in both undergraduate and graduate teaching, and 
will strongly support Baylor’s Christian identity and mission (www .baylor 
.edu/ vision/). The area of research is open. 

Chartered in 1845 by the Republic of Texas, Baylor University is the oldest 
university in Texas and the world’s largest Baptist University. Baylor’s 
mission is to educate men and women for worldwide leadership and 
service by integrating academic excellence and Christian commitment 
within a caring community. Baylor is actively recruiting new faculty with 
a strong commitment to the classroom and an equally strong commitment 
to discovering new knowledge as Baylor aspires to become a top 
tier research university while reaffirming and strengthening its distinctive 
Christian mission as described in Baylor 2012. 

Each applicant should send a current curriculum vitae and a statement of 
interest outlining his/ her administrative philosophy and goals for the department. 
He/she should be available for an expense-paid airport interview 
on 6 December 2008 (Dallas-Ft. Worth airport). Applicants should 
also arrange to have three recent letters of reference and transcripts sent 
directly to the search committee. A standard background check is also required. 
For full consideration, applications must be received by 3 November 
2008. Review of applications will begin on 4 November 2008, and 
will continue until the search is completed. 

Baylor University has approximately 14,000 students. The department has 
44 full-time faculty members and offers three degrees—B.A. in English 
Literature, Professional Writing, or Linguistics; M.A. in English; 
and the 
Ph.D. in English 
Literature or Religion and Literature (the latter a concentration, 
not a degree program). The university provides generous benefits 
for qualified family members. To learn more about this position, the 
College of Arts and Sciences, and Baylor University, please visit the job 
posting at http:// www .baylor .edu/hr_services/ index .php?id=58449 or 
the Baylor web site at http:// www .baylor .edu. 

Baylor is classed by the Carnegie Foundation as a Research University 
with High Research Activity. As an Affirmative Action/ Equal Employment 
Opportunity Employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, 
and persons with disabilities to apply. 

Send all materials to: Professor Jeannette M. Denton, Department of English, 
Chair Search Committee, One Bear Place 97406, Waco, TX 76798- 
7406. E-mail: Jeannette_ Denton@ baylor .edu. [R] 

Rice U 

English, 
6100 Main St, MS 30 Houston TX 77005 

Full Professor with Endowed Chair 3742 

http:// www .en glish 
.rice .edu 

The Department of English 
at Rice University invites applications and 
nominations for an endowed chair position to begin Fall semester 2009. 
Preferred fields are Early American literature and culture; Transamerican 
and/or Border Studies; Modernism; Ethnic Studies; Film, Visual Culture, 
and New Media Studies; Performance Studies; and Contemporary Literature. 
Candidates should possess a distinguished record and international 
reputation in research, and should welcome the opportunity to assume 
a leadership role in the Department’s thriving doctoral program while 
embracing Rice’s commitment to excellence in undergraduate education. 
Rice University is situated in the Museum District of central Houston, the 
fourth largest city in the United States, approximately forty-five minutes 
from the Gulf of Mexico. Applicants should submit a letter of application, 
vita, and names and e-mail addresses of three referees to Prof. Cary Wolfe, 
Endowed Chair Search Committee, Department of English-
MS-30, Rice 
University, 6100 Main St., Houston TX 77005. Position will remain open 
until filled but initial screening will begin November 1, 2008. The search 
committee will be available to meet with candidates at the MLA Convention 
in San Francisco in December. Members of traditionally marginalized 
or under-represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Rice U 

English, 
6100 Main St, MS 30 Houston TX 77005 

External Faculty Fellowship 4387 

http:// hrc .rice .edu/ fellowships_ external .html 

Call for 2009–2010 External Faculty Fellowships 

RECEIPT DEADLINE: November 17, 2008 

The Humanities Research Center at Rice University will award up to 
four external faculty fellowships for one-semester appointments during 
the academic year 2009–2010. Fellows will receive a stipend of $40,000 
to $50,000, depending on rank, as well as an allowance for research and 
relocation to be used during the appointment period. The fellows will 
teach one course affiliated with a humanities department, and will be in 
residence at the center during their appointments. 

The fellows participate in the intellectual life of the center by sharing 
research activities through a brown bag series with other HRC fellows, 
or through a presentation or participation in a symposium or conference 
sponsored by the HRC and centered on their research. Applicants should 
describe how their research project would contribute to the intellectual 
focus of one or more of the HRC faculty workshops, or to interdisciplinary 
humanities initiatives, or to Rice faculty research in the School of 
Humanities. For details, please visit: 

• Workshops: http:// hrc .rice .edu/ workshops .html 

• Interdisciplinary initiatives: http:// humanities .rice .edu/ departments .cfm 

• Departments: http:// humanities .rice .edu/ departments .cfm?doc_ 
id=4032 

Criteria for selection 

• The promise of the specific research project being proposed. 



• The originality and intellectual distinction of the candidate’s previous 
work. 

• The research project’s potential interest to scholars in different fields of 
the humanities. 

• The applicant’s potential to contribute to the intellectual community at 
Rice and in the HRC. 

See our website for application and eligibility information: 

http//hrc .rice .edu/ fellowships_ external .html 

Rice University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Scholars who are members of traditionally under-represented groups are 
encouraged to apply. 

Send applications electronically to hrc@ rice .edu or by hard copy to External 
Faculty Fellowships, Humanities Research Center MS 620, Rice 
University, P.O. Box 1892, Houston TX 77251-1892. 

Rice U 

English, 
6100 Main St, MS 30 Houston TX 77005 

Assistant Professor of English 
3740 

http:// www .en glish 
.rice .edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in British Literature and 
Culture, 1770–1840. Doctorate required at time of appointment. Applicants 
should be prepared to teach regularly-offered undergraduate and 
graduate courses in poetry and prose of the Romantic era. Opportunities 
exist to teach interdisciplinary courses as well as comparative literatures 
and arts. Teaching load is 2 courses per semester with an unusually low 
student-to-teacher ratio, and faculty enjoy excellent departmental and institutional 
support for travel and research. Please send letter of application, 
c.v., dossier, and dissertation abstract to Prof. Betty Joseph, British Literature 
Search Committee, Department of English–
MS 30, Rice University, 
6100 Main St., Houston, TX 77005. Applications must be postmarked no 
later than November 1, 2008. Members of traditionally marginalized or 
under-represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Southern Methodist U 

English, 
PO Box 750435, 3225 University Dr Dallas TX 75275 

Assistant Professor of Medieval British Literature 3892 

http:// www .smu .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at Southern Methodist University seeks a 
tenure-track assistant professor (Position # 005992) in Medieval British 
Literature (exclusive of Chaucer) with broad medieval teaching interests. 
Competence in Anglo Saxon and History of the English 
Language is desirable. 
Candidates for this position should have a commitment to teaching 
at both the undergraduate and the graduate levels and excellent potential 
and/or accomplishment as a publishing scholar. The Ph.D. from a literature 
department or appropriate area studies program must be completed 
no later than August 1, 2009. For full consideration, applicants must send 
a CV and a letter outlining teaching, research interests, and professional 
experience by October 20, 2008, to Ezra Greenspan, department chair, 
at the above address, although the recruitment committee will continue 
to accept applications until the position is filled. Send no writing samples 
at this time. We will be interviewing at MLA and will notify applicants 
of our decisions after the position is filled. SMU will not discriminate on 
the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, or 
veteran status. SMU’s commitment to equal opportunity includes nondiscrimination 
on the basis of sexual orientation. We invite applications 
from women and minorities. Hiring is contingent upon the satisfactory 
completion of a background check. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

English, 
4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Children’s Literature 4158 

http:// www-en glish 
.tamu .edu/ 

The Texas A&M University Department of English 
is currently focusing 
on English 
without Borders as an area of emphasis and investment. Building 
upon established strengths in British and American literature and recent 
hires in ethnic, diasporic, postcolonial, immigrant, and non-western 
literature and rhetoric, as well as digital humanities, we are now developing 
teaching and scholarship that feature or blend interests in transnational 
English-
language literature and culture. 

With the prospect of more hires in the near future, we begin this year with 
three related positions in contemporary literature and culture starting Fall 
2009. Though the positions emphasize different subfieldsâ€”American, 
British, and Children’s Literatureâ€”candidates best able to address topics 
related to global or transnational English 
will receive top priority. The 
Ph.D. is required by the position start date of August 2009. 

1. Assistant Professor in contemporary U.S.-based literature and culture 

2. Assistant Professor in contemporary British-based literature and culture 

3. Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in children’s literature and 
culture 

Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate 
and graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental 
research support, including travel funds. 

Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas 
A&M is an AA/EEO employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds 
to the needs of dual-career couples. Visit our website at http:// 
www-english 
.tamu .edu/ for more information about the department and 
the university. 

The Search Committees will begin to review applications immediately. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier with three letters 
of recommendation and an article-length writing sample. Applicants 
for the children’s literature position should send materials to: Claudia Nelson, 
Chair /Search Committee /Department of English 
/Texas A&M 
University /4227 TAMU /College Station, TX 77843-4227. To be assured 
of full consideration, applications must be postmarked no later than 
November 1, 2008. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

English, 
4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Assistant Professor in Contemporary British-based Literature 4156 

http:// www-en glish 
.tamu .edu/ 

The Texas A&M University Department of English 
is currently focusing 
on English 
without Borders as an area of emphasis and investment. Building 
upon established strengths in British and American literature and recent 
hires in ethnic, diasporic, postcolonial, immigrant, and non-western 
literature and rhetoric, as well as digital humanities, we are now developing 
teaching and scholarship that feature or blend interests in transnational 
English-
language literature and culture. 

With the prospect of more hires in the near future, we begin this year 
with three related positions in contemporary literature and culture starting 
Fall 2009. Though the positions emphasize different subfields—American, 
British, and Children’s Literature—candidates best able to address 
topics related to global or transnational English 
will receive top priority. 
The Ph.D. is required by the position start date of August 2009. 

1. Assistant Professor in contemporary U.S.-based literature and culture 

2. Assistant Professor in contemporary British-based literature and culture 

3. Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in children’s literature and 
culture 

Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate 
and graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental 
research support, including travel funds. 



Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas 
A&M is an AA/EEO employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds 
to the needs of dual-career couples. Visit our website at http:// 
www-english 
.tamu .edu/ for more information about the department and 
the university. 

The Search Committees will begin to review applications immediately. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier with three letters 
of recommendation and an article-length writing sample. Applicants 
for the contemporary U.S.-and British-based literature positions should 
send materials to: Dennis Berthold, Chair /Search Committee /Department 
of English 
/Texas A&M University /4227 TAMU /College Station, 
TX 77843-4227. To be assured of full consideration, applications must 
be postmarked no later than November 1, 2008. Interviews will be conducted 
at MLA. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

English, 
4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Assistant Professor in Contemporary U.S.-based Literature 4152 

http:// www-en glish 
.tamu .edu/ 

The Texas A&M University Department of English 
is currently focusing 
on English 
without Borders as an area of emphasis and investment. Building 
upon established strengths in British and American literature and recent 
hires in ethnic, diasporic, postcolonial, immigrant, and non-western 
literature and rhetoric, as well as digital humanities, we are now developing 
teaching and scholarship that feature or blend interests in transnational 
English-
language literature and culture. 

With the prospect of more hires in the near future, we begin this year with 
three related positions in contemporary literature and culture starting Fall 
2009. Though the positions emphasize different subfieldsâ€”American, 
British, and Children’s Literatureâ€”candidates best able to address topics 
related to global or transnational English 
will receive top priority. The 
Ph.D. is required by the position start date of August 2009. 

1. Assistant Professor in contemporary U.S.-based literature and culture 

2. Assistant Professor in contemporary British-based literature and culture 

3. Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in children’s literature and 
culture 

Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate 
and graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental 
research support, including travel funds. 

Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas 
A&M is an AA/EEO employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds 
to the needs of dual-career couples. Visit our website at http:// 
www-english 
.tamu .edu/ for more information about the department and 
the university. 

The Search Committees will begin to review applications immediately. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier with three letters 
of recommendation and an article-length writing sample. Applicants 
for the contemporary U.S.-and British-based literature positions should 
send materials to: Dennis Berthold, Chair /Search Committee /Department 
of English 
/Texas A&M University /4227 TAMU /College Station, 
TX 77843-4227. To be assured of full consideration, applications must 
be postmarked no later than November 1, 2008. Interviews will be conducted 
at MLA. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

Women’s Studies, TAMU 4351 College Station TX 77843 

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Women’s Studies 3805 

http:// wmst .tamu .edu and http:// comm .tamu .edu 

The Communication Department and the Women’s Studies Program 
at Texas A&M University, College Station, TX invite applications for a 
JOINT tenure-track position in RHETORIC AND WOMEN’S STUDIES 
at the rank of assistant professor, starting September 1, 2009. We seek 
candidates who specialize in the intersections of race/ ethnicity and gender 
in public discourse. Preference will be given to candidates whose work 
addresses rhetoric in historical and contemporary social movements and 
complements the Communication Department’s existing strengths in the 
history of public discourse in the United States. Candidates should have a 
Ph.D. in communication or a related field by the date of the appointment, 
should demonstrate commitment to Women’s Studies as an academic discipline 
(a graduate certificate or advanced degree in women’s studies is 
desirable but not essential), and should demonstrate a record of or potential 
for strong scholarly publication and successful teaching in both Communication 
and Women’s Studies. 

For full consideration, applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, statement of research and teaching interests, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation before November 1, 2008 to: 

Jim Aune, Ph.D., Chair, Search Committee, Department of Communication, 
Texas A&M University, TAMU 4234, College Station, TX 77843- 
4234, jaune@ tamu .edu, (979) 862-7797 

The Communication department offers the Ph.D., M.A., and B.A. degrees. 
It has 20 tenure-track faculty members, 60 graduate students, and 
1000 undergraduate majors. The Women’s Studies program currently has 
36 affiliated faculty members and 7 faculty members in joint or exclusive 
appointments. With an enrollment of over 45,000 students, Texas A&M 
is the fourth largest university in the United States. It ranks among the 
highest nationally in number of national merit scholars, total research 
expenditures, and total endowment funds. Texas A&M University is an 
equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, 
is deeply committed to 
diversity, and responds to the needs of dual-career couples. [R] 

Texas A&M U, Corpus Christi 

English, 
6300 Ocean Dr Corpus Christi TX 78412 

Assistant Professor of English 
4033 

http:// www .tamucc .edu 

Assistant Professor of English. 
Composition/ Rhetoric. Areas of specialization 
open but might include Assessment, English 
Education, and/or 
writing program administration. 

Ph.D. in Rhetoric/ Composition, successful teaching, and scholarship in 
Comp Studies required at the time of appointment. Candidates may mail, 
email, or fax the application letter, copy of graduate transcripts, three letters 
of reference, and C.V. to David Mead, Chair, Department of English, 
6300 Ocean Drive, Corpus Christi, TX 78412-5813 (fax 361-825-5844). 
David .Mead@ tamucc .edu . To ensure full consideration, completed applications 
must be received by October 24, 2008. The A&M-CC English 
faculty emphasizes teaching, equal respect for literature and writing and 
linguistics, and service to the diverse communities of South Texas. Regular 
teaching load includes lower-division as well as graduate courses. Candidates 
are expected to be quality teachers, productive scholars, and good 
citizens of the academy. These qualities must be demonstrated through a 
variety of student learning outcomes, through refereed publications and 
creative products, including external grants, and through service on local 
and professional committees. Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi is a 
doctoral Hispanic Serving Institution located along the Gulf of Mexico 
on an island with the modern campus overlooking Corpus Christi Bay. 
With over 9,100 students, the university offers a wide array of academic 
programs with 20% of the student enrolled in graduate programs. Texas 
A&M University-Corpus Christi is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Employment 
Opportunity employer 
committed to excellence (http:// www 
.tamucc .edu/ ~hrweb). [R] 

Texas Christian U 

English, 
PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Lorraine Sherley Professor of Literature 4137 

http:// www .tcu .edu 

The TCU English 
Department is seeking a distinguished scholar in 
nineteenth-century 
American literature, preferably from the Civil War 
to the First World War, to become the Lorraine Sherley Professor of 



Literature, 
one of three endowed positions in the Department. We invite 
applications from scholars with exceptional records of publication and 
teaching. Appointment begins August 2009. Teaching load is two courses 
per semester and includes both graduate and undergraduate courses. 
Qualifications include: a PhD, noteworthy record of publication and professional 
activity, and demonstrated excellence in teaching at the college 
level. Extremely competitive salary with generous research support. Please 
send letter of application, vitae, and three letters of recommendation to 
Department Chair, English 
Department, TCU Box 297270, Fort Worth, 
Texas 76129. Review of applications will begin October 31 and continue 
until the position is filled; those received by November 21 will be considered 
for MLA interviews. Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. A 
private, secular institution of roughly 8000 students, TCU is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Texas Christian U 

English, 
PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Instructor of English 
4344 

http:// www .tcu .edu 

The TCU English 
Department invites applications for the position of 
Instructor, a full-time, permanent (annually renewable), faculty line that 
carries a 4–4 teaching load. The primary responsibilities will be teaching 
lower-division courses, particularly introductory writing seminars and 
literature surveys, but some upper-level courses in the Instructor’s area of 
scholarly interest are also possible. Qualifications include: a PhD or MFA 
(must have degree in hand by August 2009) and previous teaching experience 
in writing and literature at the college/ university level. All areas 
of interest will be considered, but preference will be given to those with 
expertise in one or more of the following: creative writing, new media 
studies, composition and rhetoric, and contemporary literature. Salary 
and benefits are competitive. The position is pending final administrative 
approval. Please send letter of application and vitae to Department Chair, 
English 
Department, TCU Box 297270, Fort Worth, TX 76129. Review 
of applications will begin October 31 and continue until the position is 
filled; those received by November 21 will be considered for MLA interviews. 
Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. A private, secular institution 
of roughly 8000 students, TCU is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Texas SU, San Marcos 

English, 
601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor of Englishâ€”
Poetry Writing 3816 

http:// www .en glish 
.txstate .edu/ 

The MFA program at Texas State University, http:// mfa .english 
.txstate 
.edu/, invites applications for a tenure-track position in poetry writing. 
The program’s permanent poetry faculty are Cyrus Cassells, Roger Jones, 
Kathleen Peirce, and Steve Wilson. The successful applicant is expected 
to maintain an active record of publication in poetry and to teach primarily 
in the graduate poetry program and to direct MFA theses, with some 
teaching of undergraduate creative writing. Teaching assignment may also 
include other undergraduate literature or composition courses. Course 
load is 2/2 plus direction of at least four thesis students per year. 

Required qualifications: 

—MFA or PhD in creative writing, with degree in hand at time of application 
or completed by time of appointment 

—Specialty in poetry writing 

—One book of poems published with a national press 

Preferred qualifications: 

—High quality publication(s) in poetry 

—Evidence of potential for continued success as publishing poet 

—Evidence of effectiveness in teaching graduate and undergraduate creative 
writing 

—Evidence of ability to work with graduate students individually in directing 
MFA theses 

—Evidence of ability to teach courses other than creative writing courses 

Send letter of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy 
(maximum 500 words), and names of three references to Prof. Tom 
Grimes, Chair, Poetry Search Committee, English 
Department, Texas 
State University, San Marcos, TX 78666. To ensure full consideration, 
all application materials must arrive by November 1, 2008. Selected applicants 
will be contacted for interviews at MLA or elsewhere. 

Texas State University is located 25 miles south of Austin and enrolls approximately 
28,000 students. The university in an Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. [R] 

Texas SU, San Marcos 

English, 
601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor of Englishâ€”
Film Studies 3817 

http:// www .en glish 
.txstate .edu/ 

Tenure-track assistant professor, specialty in film studies. Successful applicant 
expected to maintain active record of publication and to teach 
graduate and advanced courses in film and/or media studies. Teaching 
assignment may also include first-year composition, lower-division literature 
surveys, or other courses within the candidate’s areas of interest/ 
expertise. Usual teaching load is 3/3. Appointment begins Fall 2009. 

Required Qualifications: 

—PhD in English, 
film studies, or closely related field (degree in hand at 
time of appointment) 

—Specialization in film studies or media studies 

Preferred Qualifications: 

—Expertise in one or more of the following: film history, film/ literary 
theory, film criticism, media studies 

—Secondary interest in one or more of the following: literary study (field 
open), cultural studies, drama, new media, screenwriting 

—Demonstrated ability in scholarly research 

—Demonstrated teaching excellence 

—Commitment to teaching core curriculum English 
courses, such as literature 
surveys and first-year composition 

Send letter of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy 
(maximum 500 words), and names of three references to Prof. Allan 
Chavkin, Chair, Film Studies Search Committee, Department of English, 
Texas State University, 601 University Drive, San Marcos, TX 78666. To 
ensure full consideration, all application materials must arrive by November 
1, 2008. Selected applicants will be contacted for interviews at MLA 
or elsewhere. 

Texas State University is located 25 miles south of Austin and enrolls approximately 
28,000 students. The university in an Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. [R] 

Texas SU, San Marcos 

English, 
601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor of Englishâ€”
Fiction Writing 3815 

http:// www .en glish 
.txstate .edu/ 

The MFA program at Texas State University, http:// mfa .english 
.txstate 
.edu/, invites applications for a tenure-track position in f iction writing. 
The program’s permanent fiction faculty are Dagoberto Gilb, Tom 
Grimes, Debra Monroe, and Tim O’Brien. The successful applicant is expected 
to maintain an active record of publication in fiction and to teach 
primarily in the graduate fiction program and to direct MFA theses, with 
some teaching of undergraduate creative writing. Teaching assignment 
may also include other undergraduate literature or composition courses. 
Course load is 2/2 plus direction of at least four thesis students per year. 

Required qualifications: 



—MFA or PhD in creative writing, with degree in hand at time of application 
or completed by time of appointment 

—Specialty in fiction writing 

—One novel or book of stories published with national press 

Preferred qualifications: 

—High quality publication(s) in literary fiction 

—Evidence of potential for continued success as publishing fiction writer 

—Evidence of effectiveness in teaching graduate and undergraduate creative 
writing 

—Evidence of ability to work with graduate students individually in directing 
MFA theses 

—Evidence of ability to teach courses other than creative writing 

Send letter of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy 
(maximum 500 words), and names of three references to Prof. Tom 
Grimes, Chair, Fiction Search Committee, English 
Department, Texas 
State University, San Marcos, TX 78666. To ensure full consideration, 
all application materials must arrive by November 1, 2008. Selected applicants 
will be contacted for interviews at MLA or elsewhere. 

Texas State University is located 25 miles south of Austin and enrolls approximately 
28,000 students. The university in an Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, 
PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of Early American Literature 4244 

http:// www .en glish 
.ttu .edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor with a specialization in 
American Literature to 1865. Tenure-track. 2/2 load guaranteed during 
first two years; then 3/3 with opportunities for reduction to 3/2. Graduate 
and undergraduate courses; service on thesis and dissertation committees. 
Ph.D. required. Candidates will be expected to develop a record 
of teaching, published scholarship, and service consistent with a research 
university. 

We are interested in candidates who will contribute to our expertise in 
Book History, 19th-century 
Studies, or Literature, Social Justice, and Environment. 
We welcome applications from scholars who consider African 
American, Latina/o, and/or Native American literatures during the Early 
American period as well as from scholars whose work concerns the environmental 
writing and ecocriticism of Early American literature. 

The Department of English 
is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with two bachelors, 
two masters, and two doctoral programs. The university’s Southwest Collection/ 
Special Collections library (www .swco .ttu .edu) offers important 
resources for research. TTU is a growing university system, encompassing 
a law school and medical school as well as colleges of Arts and Sciences, 
Agriculture, Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, 
Human Sciences, Mass Communication, and Visual and Performing Arts. 
The College of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment 
of 29,000. 

Candidates must apply online at jobs .texastech .edu (#77639), attaching 
application letter and curriculum vitae. Applications accepted until position 
is filled; the committee will start screening applications on November 
1. Direct inquiries to english@ 
ttu .edu. TTU is an Equal Opportunity 
/Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages applications from minorities 
and women. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, 
PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 4246 

http:// www .en glish 
.ttu .edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor with specialization in 
Film and Media Studies, an established research agenda, and an ability 
to teach a range of f ilm and media courses in an English 
Department. 
Specific emphasis in narrative cinema is preferred. Applicants should indicate 
one or more of critical, historical, theoretical approaches to sound 
and/or silent moving-image texts and multiple discourses. Interests may 
include genre criticism; auteur criticism and issues of authorship; adaptation; 
feminisms; gender studies; postcolonialism/ decolonialism and multiculturalism. 


Tenure-track. 2/2 load guaranteed during first two years; then 3/3 with 
opportunities for reduction to 3/2. Graduate and undergraduate courses; 
service on thesis and dissertation committees. Ph.D. required. Candidates 
will be expected to develop a record of teaching, published scholarship, 
and service consistent with a research university. 

The Department of English 
is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with two bachelors, 
two masters, and two doctoral programs. A new building provides stateof-
the-art classrooms and a media lab. TTU is a growing university system, 
encompassing a law school and medical school as well as colleges 
of Arts and Sciences, Agriculture, Architecture, Business Administration, 
Engineering, Human Sciences, Mass Communication, and Visual and 
Performing Arts. The College of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the 
total enrollment of 29,000. 

Candidates must apply online at jobs .texastech .edu (#77640), attaching 
application letter and curriculum vitae. Applications accepted until position 
is filled; the committee will start screening applications on November 
1. Direct inquiries to english@ 
ttu .edu. TTU is an Equal Opportunity 
/Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages applications from minorities 
and women. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, 
PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 4247 

http:// www .en glish 
.ttu .edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor with specialization in 
Linguistics and ability to teach theoretical linguistics, especially phonology, 
in an English 
Department. Tenure-track. 2/2 load guaranteed during 
first two years; then 3/3 with opportunities for reduction to 3/2. Graduate 
and undergraduate courses; service on thesis and dissertation committees. 
Ph.D. required. Candidates will be expected to develop a record 
of teaching, published scholarship, and service consistent with a research 
university. 

The Department of English 
is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with two bachelors, 
two masters, and two doctoral programs. Opportunities exist for collaboration 
with linguists in other departments across the university as well as 
with colleagues in English. 
TTU is a growing university system, encompassing 
a law school and medical school as well as colleges of Arts and Sciences, 
Agriculture, Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, 
Human Sciences, Mass Communication, and Visual and Performing Arts. 
The College of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment 
of 29,000. 

Candidates must apply online at jobs .texastech .edu (#77641), attaching 
application letter and curriculum vitae. Applications accepted until position 
is filled; the committee will start screening applications on November 
1. Direct inquiries to english@ 
ttu .edu. TTU is an Equal Opportunity 
/Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages applications from minorities 
and women. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, 
PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Fiction Writer (Associate or Full Professor) 4249 

http:// www .en glish 
.ttu .edu 

Texas Tech University seeks a Fiction Writer (Associate or Full Professor) 
to join our creative writing program. 3/3 teaching assignment with 
opportunities for course reduction. Teaching includes graduate and 



undergraduate 
courses, with required service on thesis and dissertation 
committees. Applicants should be nationally recognized, having earned 
an M.F.A. or Ph.D. and having published at least two full-length books. 

The Department of English 
is large, dynamic, and diverse. The Creative 
Writing Program houses 32 Poems Magazine and Iron Horse Literary 
Review. The Southwest Collection/ Special Collections library offers 
important resources for research. TTU is a growing university system, 
encompassing a law school and medical school as well as eight colleges. 
The College of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment 
of 29,000. Additional campuses in the Texas Hill Country and Seville, 
Spain, offer unique teaching opportunities. 

Candidates must apply online at jobs .texastech .edu (#77644), attaching 
application letter and curriculum vitae. Applications accepted until position 
is filled; the committee will start screening applications on November 
1. Direct inquiries to english@ 
ttu .edu. TTU is an Equal Opportunity 
/Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages applications from minorities 
and women. [R] 

Trinity U 

English, 
1 Trinity Pl San Antonio TX 78212 

Assistant Professor of English 
3646 

http:// www .trinity .edu 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 
for Fall, 2009 

Recent Ph.D. (or near Ph.D.) in English 
with research specialty in Early 
Modern British Drama including Shakespeare, with broad-based, survey 
knowledge of British Literature before 1800, and with related interests 
in one or more of the following areas: Gender and Sexuality, Material 
Culture, Colonialism, Racialization, and Literary and Cultural Theory. 
Teach three undergraduate classes each semester, including upper-level 
courses in Shakespeare and Early Modern British Drama, lower-level 
survey courses in British Literature before 1800, and first-year writing 
courses. Application letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, three 
confidential academic reference letters (not to be sent by candidate), dissertation 
abstract, and writing sample (no more than 20 pages), to be sent 
(surface mail only) by November 24, 2008, to: 

Professor Victoria Aarons, Chair, Department of English, 
Trinity University, 
1 Trinity Place, San Antonio, Texas 78212-7200, [Email: vaarons@ 
trinity .edu] 

Trinity University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Minority and women candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Trinity U 

English, 
1 Trinity Pl San Antonio TX 78212 

Assistant Professor of English 
3647 

http:// www .trinity .edu 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 
for Fall, 2009 

Recent Ph.D. (or near Ph.D.) in English 
with research specialty in Postcolonial 
Theory and Anglophone Literature. Application letter, curriculum 
vitae, graduate transcripts, three confidential academic reference letters 
(not to be sent by candidate), dissertation abstract, and writing sample 
(no more than 20 pages), to be sent (surface mail only) by November 24, 
2008, to: 

Professor Victoria Aarons, Chair, Department of English, 
Trinity University, 
1 Trinity Place, San Antonio, Texas 78212-7200, [Email: vaarons@ 
trinity .edu] 

Trinity University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Minority and women candidates are encouraged to apply. 

U of Houston, Clear Lake 

Lit Prog, 2700 Bay Area Blvd, Box 250 Houston TX 77058 

Assistant Professor of Literature 3557 

http:// uhcl .edu 

The University of Houston-Clear Lake (UHCL) invites applications for a 
tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of Literature, beginning August 
2009. Ph.D. required. Excellent teacher sought to work with diverse 
students. Must have active research agenda. Medieval and Early Modern 
British Literature: Shakespeare; Chaucer in Middle English; 
seminars in 
specialty. Previous teaching experience essential. 

UHCL is a culturally diverse, upper-level university ( juniors, seniors, and 
master’s students) adjacent to NASA-Johnson Space Center, 30 minutes 
from downtown Houston. Apply online only: https:// jobs .uhcl .edu. Include 
letter of interest and vita with online faculty application. Also mail 
3 letters of recommendation and unofficial graduate transcript to: Chair, 
Literature Search Committee, University of Houston-Clear Lake, 2700 
Bay Area Blvd., MC 416, Houston, TX 77058-1098. Preference given to 
completed applications received by October 31. Interviews at MLA. Proof 
of eligibility to work in USA will be required. We reserve right not to fill 
position. Only applicants selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
An Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer 
supporting 
workplace diversity. 

U of Houston, Downtown 

English, 
1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Tenure-Track Positions in Literature/ Composition 4322 

http:// www .uhd .edu/ academic/ colleges/ humanities/ en glish/ 


Two funded tenure-track positions beginning August 2009. Expertise in 
at least one of the following: classical or modern comparative literature, 
post-Renaissance drama; new media studies; global cinema; rhetoric and 
composition. All candidates must demonstrate training & teaching experience 
in composition. Ph.D. requirements must be completed by January 
2010. 

The University of Houston-Downtown is an urban, open-admissions 
university serving a diverse student population in Houston’s vibrant city 
center. UHD is a teaching-oriented institution with a 4/4 load (possibility 
of future load reduction as the university implements its strategic plan). 
Budgeted nine-month salary is approximately 47k; summer teaching for 
additional salary is frequently available. 

Complete application f iles are due November 9 for MLA interviews. 
Search will remain open until positions are filled. Send letter of application, 
CV, statement of teaching philosophy, and photocopies of transcripts 
to Dr. Robert L. Jarrett; Chair, English 
Department; Suite S-1045; University 
of Houston-Downtown; One Main Street; Houston, TX 77002- 
1001; Attention: English 
Job Search. 

Offer of employment contingent upon verification of individual’s eligibility 
for employment in the United States. AA/EOE [R] 

U of Incarnate Word 

Humanities, Arts, & Soc Sciences, 4301 Broadway San Antonio 
TX 78209 

Assistant Professor of English 4093 

http:// uiw .edu 

The University of the Incarnate Word (UIW), a Roman Catholic university 
in San Antonio, Texas, invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of English 
position to begin Fall 2009. Responsibilities 
include teaching English 
core courses (freshman composition and World 
Literature Studies) as well as upper-level undergraduate courses that rotate 
among departmental faculty. Requirements include a Ph.D. in English, 
experience in teaching composition and demonstrated effective teaching 
experience particularly with diverse student populations. In addition, 
we seek candidates with a scholarly preparation in world literatures. The 



teaching load at UIW is 4/4. Salary is competitive and commensurate 
with experience. All applications must be submitted online at http:// jobs 
.uiw .edu Position closes October 27, 2008. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. 

U of North Texas 

English, 
PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of English 
3783 

http:// www .engl .unt .edu/ 

Two tenure-track assistant professorships in composition/ rhetoric, beginning 
9/2009. Required qualifications include a Ph.D. in composition/ 
rhetoric, relevant teaching experience, and an active program of scholarly 
research. Desirable research interests include: constructions of culture, 
race, ethnicity, gender, and class in relation to rhetoric and literacy 
studies; service-learning/ civic engagement methodologies; multimodal 
rhetoric and the use of digital age technologies in writing instruction. 
The typical teaching load for productive faculty is 3/2, with frequent opportunities 
to teach upper-division and/or graduate courses. We offer a 
competitive salary, considerable research/ travel support, and the chance 
to help shape a growing program in rhetoric and composition. To apply, 
send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. David 
Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, 
University of North Texas, 
P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. A dynamic, rapidly growing 
institution that is now the fourth largest university in Texas, UNT is an 
Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
that values diversity and 
is located in the culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/ Fort Worth 
area. Postmark deadline for applications is 10/15/08. [R] 

U of North Texas 

English, 
PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of English 
3786 

http:// www .engl .unt .edu/ 

Tenure-track assistant professorship in fiction, beginning 9/2009. Required 
qualifications include an M.F.A. and/or Ph.D. in creative writing, 
relevant teaching experience, and an established publication record (book 
preferred). The typical teaching load for productive faculty is 3/2, and the 
successful candidate will teach graduate and undergraduate fiction workshops, 
form and theory courses, and serve on thesis and dissertation committees. 
Interest in working with American Literary Review desirable. 
Competitive salary and considerable research/ travel support is available. 
Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. David 
Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, 
University of North Texas, 
P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. A dynamic, rapidly growing 
institution that is now the fourth largest university in Texas, UNT is an 
Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
that values diversity and 
is located in the culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/ Fort Worth 
area. Postmark deadline for applications is 10/15/08. [R] 

U of North Texas 

English, 
PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of English 
3785 

http:// www .engl .unt .edu/ 

Tenure-track assistant professorship in early American literature, beginning 
9/2009. Required qualifications include a Ph.D. in early American 
literature, relevant teaching experience, and an active program of scholarly 
research. Area of specialization is open, but desirable research interests 
include: literature and the environment; literature of the Americas; 
Native American literature; religion and culture; transatlantic studies. 
The typical teaching load for productive faculty is 3/2, with frequent opportunities 
to teach upper-division and/or graduate courses. Competitive 
salary and considerable research/ travel support is available. Send letter 
of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. David Holdeman, 
Chair, Department of English, 
University of North Texas, P.O. Box 
311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. A dynamic, rapidly growing institution 
that is now the fourth largest university in Texas, UNT is an Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
that values diversity and is located 
in the culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/ Fort Worth area. 
Postmark deadline for applications is 10/15/08. [R] 

U of Texas, Austin 

Department of English, 
Parlin Hall 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin 
TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of 20th Century Drama 3668 

http:// facultyjobs .utexas .edu 

The English 
Department at The University of Texas (Austin) seeks to appoint 
an Assistant Professor in the field of Twentieth-Century 
Drama, 
with particular emphasis on British. We are looking for someone whose 
teaching and research will engage with the rich theater and drama holdings 
of the Harry Ransom Center (see http:// www .hrc .utexas .edu/ 
collections/ 
performingarts/). Applicants should have the PhD in hand (or 
expected by August 2009), evidence of teaching excellence, and clearly 
defined research agenda. The selected candidate will be expected to teach 
at all levels of our curriculum, to direct dissertations, MA reports, and 
honors theses, to publish actively, and to offer service to the Department, 
the College, the University, and the profession. 

Please send letter and CV to Modern Drama Recruitment Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Texas at Austin, 1 University Station 
B5000, Austin, TX 78712-1164. POSTMARK DEADLINE OCTOBER 
15, 2008. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Department of English, 
Parlin Hall 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin 
TX 78712 

Assistant or Beginning Associate of South Asian Literature 3667 

http:// facultyjobs .utexas .edu/ 

The English 
Department of The University of Texas (Austin) seeks to appoint 
an Assistant or beginning Associate Professor in anglophone South 
Asian literature, with additional interest in one or more periods of the English 
literary curriculum. Candidates will also be expected to teach survey 
courses in world or British literature. Applicants should have the PhD in 
hand (or expected by August 2009), evidence of teaching excellence, and 
a clearly defined research agenda that will contribute to our highly ranked 
programs in Ethnic and Third World Literatures and to the South Asia 
Institute. The selected candidate will be expected to teach at all levels of 
our curriculum, to direct dissertations, MA reports, and honors theses, to 
publish actively, and to offer service to the Department, the College, and 
the University. 

Please send letter, CV, dissertation abstract, writing sample and 3 recent 
letters of recommendation to South Asian Recruitment Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Texas at Austin, 1 University Station 
B5000, Austin, TX 78712-1164. POSTMARK DEADLINE: OCTOBER 
1, 2008. If your letters of recommendation arrive after the deadline, 
we will still accept them. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Department of English, 
Parlin Hall 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin 
TX 78712 

Professor and Co-Director of British Studies 3762 

http:// facultyjobs .utexas .edu 

The University of Texas at Austin announces the search for a senior 
scholar with distinguished publications, an excellent teaching record, and 
proven administrative skills to be co-director of British Studies. The appointment 
includes the possibility of an endowed chair. British Studies 
is a signature program in the College of Liberal Arts and enjoys also the 
sponsorship of the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center. For over 



three decades British Studies has held weekly seminars, mainly on nineteenth 
and twentieth century topics in the humanities and social sciences. 
The program includes faculty members, graduate students, undergraduates, 
and members of the public. Subjects are drawn from the British Empire 
and Commonwealth as well as British history, politics, and literature. 
The successful candidate will co-direct British Studies along with Wm. 
Roger Louis, the founding director, and will also offer undergraduate and 
graduate courses. The courses will be cross-listed in the departments of 
History, English, 
and Government, one of which will serve as the home 
department. The area of specialization should be within both the nineteenth 
and twentieth centuries. The position includes administrative 
responsibility for the weekly seminars, for undergraduate and graduate 
scholarships, for junior faculty fellowships, and for the editing and publication 
of the Adventures with Britannia book series. 

Application procedure consists of a letter to the selection committee, a 
C.V., and three letters of support. A background check will be conducted 
on the successful candidate. AA/EEO Employer. 
POSTMARK DEADLINE: 
OCTOBER 15, 2008. British Studies, Humanities Research Center, 
1 University Station F1900, Austin, Texas 78712. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Department of English, 
Parlin Hall 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin 
TX 78712 

Disguished Professor and Chair of Creative Writing (Fiction) 3670 

http:// facultyjobs .utexas .edu 

The English 
Department at the University of Texas (Austin), in conjunction 
with the Michener Center for Writers, seeks to appoint a distinguished 
Chair in Creative Writing (Fiction). Applicants should have 
substantial, high quality publications, a national reputation, and an excellent 
teaching record. The selected candidate will be expected to teach at 
all levels of our curriculum, to direct MA and MFA reports and honors 
theses, to publish actively, and to offer service to the Department, the Michener 
Center, the College, and the University. 

Please send letter and CV to Fiction Recruitment Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Texas at Austin, 1 University Station B5000, 
Austin, TX 78712-1164. POSTMARK DEADLINE: NOVEMBER 15, 
2008. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Department of English, 
Parlin Hall 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin 
TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Poetry 3669 

http:// facultyjobs .utexas .edu 

The English 
Department at the University of Texas (Austin) seeks to appoint 
an Assistant Professor in the field of Renaissance poetry, with special 
emphasis on Spenser and/or Metaphysical poetry. We are looking for 
someone whose work will engage with the rich holdings of the Harry 
Ransom Center, and who has interests in such areas as religious conflict, 
gender and sexuality, bibliography and textual studies. Applicants should 
have the PhD in hand (or expected by August 2009), evidence of teaching 
excellence, and a clearly defined research agenda. The selected candidate 
will be expected to teach at all levels of our curriculum, to direct dissertations, 
MA reports, and honors theses, to publish actively, and to offer 
service to the Department, the College, and the University. 

Please send letter and CV to Renaissance Recruitment Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Texas, 1 University Station B5000, Austin, TX, 
78712-1164. POSTMARK DEADLINE: OCTOBER 15, 2008. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Rhetoric & Writing, 1 University Stn, B5500 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric & Writing 3931 

http:// www .drw .utexas .edu 

The Department of Rhetoric & Writing (DRW) at The University 
of Texas at Austin seeks applicants for an assistant professor position in 
emerging communication technologies and digital media, including video 
and gaming, and with emphasis on production. 

The successful candidate will demonstrate both a scholarly and a pedagogical 
commitment to the intersections of rhetoric and technology studies 
and should have completed a PhD in rhetoric and writing or a related 
field prior to start date. 

DRW faculty members have the opportunity to teach a wide array of 
courses designed to contribute to the undergraduate major in Rhetoric 
& Writing and the graduate concentration in Digital Literacies and Literatures—
all with the support of our nationally renowned Computer Writing 
and Research Lab (CWRL), which operates state-of-the-art computer 
classrooms. As a member of the DRW faculty, the selected candidate will 
be expected to teach at all levels of our curriculum, to direct dissertations, 
MA reports, and honors theses, to publish actively, and to offer service to 
the Department, the College, and the University. 

The DRW boasts a dynamic, collegial, nationally and internationally recognized 
faculty with interests in the history, theory, and criticism of rhetoric, 
composition theory and pedagogy, technologies of writing, visual 
rhetoric, empirical research, writing in the disciplines and professions, 
rhetoric and poetics, and language and literacy studies. Sub-units of the 
DRW include the Undergraduate Writing Center, the Computer Writing 
and Research Lab, and the College of Liberal Arts Writing Across the 
Curriculum Initiative. Teaching load is 2/2; salary is competitive. 

To apply, email a letter of application, curriculum vita, dissertation abstract, 
and statement of teaching philosophy (no longer than one page) 
to Search Committee Chair Clay Spinuzzi at clay .spinuzzi@ mail .utexas 
.edu. Also submit three letters of recommendation via U.S. Mail to Clay 
Spinuzzi, Search Committee Chair, Department of Rhetoric & Writing, 
1 University Station B5500, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, 
TX 78712-0200. Application deadline is October 31, 2008. 

Position funding is pending budgetary approval. A background check will 
be conducted on successful candidate. The University of Texas at Austin 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Texas, Austin 

Rhetoric & Writing, 1 University Stn, B5500 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric & Writing 3935 

http:// www .drw .utexas .edu 

The Department of Rhetoric & Writing (DRW) at The University of 
Texas at Austin seeks to hire an entry-level assistant professor who has 
demonstrated scholarly promise in, and a pedagogical commitment to, 
one of the following areas: 

-Latino/ Latina/ Mexican-American rhetorics 

-Professional discourses, especially legal 

-Public policy 

-Dialect 

-Composition pedagogy 

-Style/ stylistics 

DRW faculty members have the opportunity to teach a wide array of 
courses designed to contribute to the undergraduate major in Rhetoric & 
Writing and the doctoral program in Rhetoric. As a member of the DRW 
faculty, the selected candidate will be expected to teach at all levels of 
our curriculum, to direct dissertations, MA reports, and honors theses, to 
publish actively, and to offer service to the Department, the College, and 
the University. The successful candidate should have completed a PhD in 
rhetoric and writing or a related field prior to start date. 



The DRW boasts a dynamic, collegial, nationally and internationally recognized 
faculty with interests in the history, theory, and criticism of rhetoric, 
composition theory and pedagogy, technologies of writing, visual 
rhetoric, empirical research, writing in the disciplines and professions, 
rhetoric and poetics, and language and literacy studies. Sub-units of the 
DRW include the Undergraduate Writing Center, the Computer Writing 
and Research Lab, and the College of Liberal Arts Writing Across the 
Curriculum Initiative. Teaching load is 2/2; salary is competitive. 

Application deadline is October 31, 2008. Submit a letter of application, a 
curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, a dissertation abstract, 
and a statement of teaching philosophy (no longer than one page) to: Jeff 
Walker, Search Committee Chair, Department of Rhetoric & Writing, 1 
University Station B5500, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 
78712-0200. 

Position funding is pending budgetary approval. A background check will 
be conducted on successful candidate. The University of Texas at Austin 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Texas, Dallas 

School of Arts & Humanities, 800 W. Campbell Rd. JO 31 Richardson 
TX 75080 

Professor (open rank) in Literary Studies:Creative Writing 3916 

http://ah.utdallas .edu/ 

The School of Arts and Humanities at The University of Texas at Dallas 
invites applications for a tenure track position, rank open, in Creative 
Writing, with an emphasis on prose fiction. A record of publication and 
teaching short stories and dramatic forms (plays and/or screenplays) is preferred. 
The ability to offer graduate and undergraduate courses not only 
in Creative Writing but also in American or other literature is highly desirable, 
as is the ability to place literature in a broader humanistic context. 
Appointment will begin September 1, 2009. The successful candidate will 
have a strong commitment to publishing, undergraduate and graduate 
teaching, interdisciplinary education and research, and professional academic 
service. Salary competitive. Review of applications begins November 
15, 2008. Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, samples of course syllabi, three letters of recommendation (Assistant 
Professor level) or five letters of recommendation (Associate or Professor 
level), and a sample of published work or dissertation chapter to: Academic 
Search 10063, The University of Texas at Dallas, Mail Station AD 42, 800 
W. Campbell Road, Richardson, TX 75080-3021. 

U of Texas, Dallas 

School of Arts & Humanities, 800 W. Campbell Rd. JO 31 Richardson 
TX 75080 

Professor (open rank) in Literary Studies/ British Literature 3919 

http://ah.utdallas .edu 

The School of Arts and Humanities at The University of Texas at Dallas 
invites applications for a position in Literary Studies, with an emphasis 
on early modern British Literature. Candidates should be able to offer a 
range of graduate and undergraduate courses in medieval and early modern 
British literature. Expertise in women’s studies and/or literary theory 
is highly desired, as is the ability to place literature in a broader humanistic 
context. Research area preferred: 16–17th centuries. 

Appointment will begin September 1, 2009. The successful candidate will 
have a strong commitment to publishing, undergraduate and graduate 
teaching, interdisciplinary education and research, and professional academic 
service. Salary competitive. Review of applications begins November 
15, 2008. Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, samples of course syllabi, three letters of recommendation (Assistant 
Professor level) or five letters of recommendation (Associate or Professor 
level), and a sample of published work or dissertation chapter to: Academic 
Search 10065, The University of Texas at Dallas, Mail Station AD 42, 800 
W. Campbell Road, Richardson, TX 75080-0321. 

U of Texas, San Antonio 

English, 
1 UTSA Cir 00743-UT San Antonio Dept of English 
MB 2.314 
San Antonio TX 78249 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Rhetoric and Composition, with emphasis in 
Professional Writing 3964 

http:// www .utsa .edu 

A full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Rhetoric and 
Composition studies with an emphasis in Professional Writing, beginning 
August 2009. Required qualifications: PhD in English 
or a related field by 
August 2009. Expertise in Professional Writing and in rhetoric and composition 
studies. Preferred qualifications: 1) Ability to contribute to multiple 
degree programs, including a PhD program which “offers students 
opportunities for advanced study and research in cross-cultural, transnational 
approaches to English 
language and literary studies”; 2) Background 
and expertise in the use of new media and technology in composition; 3) 
Particular expertise in a type of specialized professional writing. 

Teaching load for the first year is 2/2 and 3/2 thereafter with the expectation 
of strong ongoing research productivity. Salary is commensurate with 
experience and qualifications. The position is pending budgetary approval. 

Application materials must include a cover letter, c.v., three letters of recommendation, 
an article-length writing sample, and indication of teaching 
excellence. The deadline for complete applications is December 1, 
2008. Send materials to: Dr. Bridget Drinka, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Texas at San Antonio, One UTSA Circle, San Antonio, 
TX 78249-1644. Electronic applications not accepted. 

UTSA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, 
minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. Applicants who are selected for interviews must be able 
to show proof that they are eligible and qualified to work in the United 
States. [R] 

U of Texas, San Antonio 

English, 
1 UTSA Cir 00743-UT San Antonio Dept of English 
MB 2.314 
San Antonio TX 78249 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Native American Literature & Culture 3962 

http:// www .utsa .edu 

The Department of English 
at The University of Texas at San Antonio 
seeks a specialist in Native American Literatures for a tenure-track appointment 
in English 
at the assistant professor level, beginning August 
2009. Scholar-teachers whose scope of inquir y encompasses 
transnational and cross cultural studies, particularly indigenous cultures 
within and across the Americas, are encouraged to apply. The successful 
candidate will be able to contribute to multiple degree programs, including 
a PhD program with emphases in transnational/ cross-cultural studies, 
Latina/o literary and cultural studies, and rhetoric and composition studies. 
The position is pending budgetary approval. 

Required Qualif ications: Ph.D. by August 2009, expertise in Native 
American Literatures. 

Preferred Qualifications: We particularly welcome applications from candidates 
with secondary interests in Chicana and Chicano literature, transnational 
studies and film studies. Faculty at The University of Texas at 
San Antonio have a strong commitment to both scholarship and teaching. 
Candidates for this position should be actively engaged in scholarly 
research and writing and be prepared to teach literature courses to undergraduates 
and graduate students. The job involves a 2/2 course load for 
the first year, and a 3/2 or 3/3 course load in subsequent years, depending 
on research production. Candidates also should have a strong commitment 
to service to students and the broader Native American communities 
on campus and off. 

Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications. Application 
materials must include a cover letter, c.v., three letters of recommendation, 
a writing sample (dissertation chapter or journal article), and indication 
of teaching excellence. Review of applications will begin December 1, 



2008, and will continue until the position is filled. Send materials to: Dr. 
Bridget Drinka, Chair, University of Texas at San Antonio, One UTSA 
Circle, San Antonio, TX 78249-1644. Electronic applications are not accepted. 


UTSA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, 
minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to 
apply. Applicants who are invited for interviews must be able to show 
proof that they will be eligible to work in the United States by time of 
hire. [R] 

Uta h 

Brigham Young U 

English, 
4198A JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of English 
4086 

http:// en glish 
.byu .edu 

The Department of English 
invites applications for continuing status track 
positions, all areas considered. Successful candidates will show evidence of 
excellence in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. Salary, 
benefits, and teaching load competitive. PhD completion expected by 
starting date. Applications are completed online at http:// yjobs .byu .edu 
(select full-time faculty, then follow the link to Faculty-English). 
Initial 
applications include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. These 
must be submitted by November 1. Application materials may be attached 
to the online application or sent to: Faculty Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
4198 JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 
84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity employer, 
does 
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran 
status, or against qualified individuals with disabilities. All faculty 
are required to abide by the university’s honor code and dress and grooming 
standards. Preference is given to qualified members in good standing 
of the aff iliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. [R] 

Utah SU 

C of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences, 100 Logan UT 84322 

Associate Dean for Research and Graduate Studies 3566 

http:// jobs .usu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=53571 

Associate Dean for Research and Graduate Studies 

The Dean’s Office of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences (HASS) at 
Utah State University is accepting applications for an Associate Dean. The 
role of Associate Dean for Research and Graduate Education is to provide 
assistance and leadership in faculty research and creative activity, including 
the development of proposals for external funding, and to provide 
leadership in the development and assessment of graduate programs and 
multidisciplinary work in the College. The person selected must have a 
service orientation and a mentoring philosophy, and be ready to develop 
skills needed to serve every unit with the broad scope of the College of 
Humanities, Arts & Social Sciences. Ph.D. in an academic discipline of 
HASS required. See http:// jobs .usu .edu (req. ID 051458) for full job description 
and to apply online. AA/EOE 

Vermont 

Middlebury C 

The Writing Program, Middlebury VT 05753 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Writing 3784 

http:// www .middlebury .edu 

The Writing Program invites applications for a three-year renewable position, 
beginning September, 2009. Appointment will be as Visiting Assistant 
Professor of Writing. 

Candidates should be prepared to contribute to Writing Across the Curriculum: 
design support for non-native speakers of English; 
tutor students 
at all levels; teach introductory and advanced writing courses and 
First-Year Seminars. Candidates should have completed doctoral work 
in Rhetoric and Composition and provide evidence of ESL training and 
teaching experience. Send a letter including a statement of teaching experience, 
curriculum vitae, graduate transcript, and three recent letters 
of recommendation, at least two speaking to teaching ability, postmarked 
by Nov. 15,to: Kathleen Skubikowski, Director of Writing, Library 225, 
Middlebury College. Middlebury College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer, 
committed to hiring a diverse faculty to complement the increasing 
diversity of the student body. [R] 

Saint Michael’s C 

English, 
Box 282 Colchester VT 05439 

Assistant Professor 4187 

http:// www .smcvt .edu/ academics/ en glish/ 


Generalist in American literature with Ph.D completed by starting date 
of August 31, 2009. We are a dynamic department seeking to enrich our 
offerings in American literature and American Studies, with particular 
interest in the following specializations: pre-20th-century 
literature, 
U.S. minority writers, and gender studies. Candidates should demonstrate 
potential for excellence in teaching and scholarship. Teaching load is 21 
credits per year, with a mixture of 3-and 4-credit introductory, interdisciplinary, 
and upper-level courses. This position is tenure-track and offers 
a competitive salary. Interviews at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 
Please send letter of application, vita, dossier, and writing sample to Nathaniel 
Lewis, Chair, c/o Office of Human Resources, Saint Michael’s 
College, One Winooski Park, Colchester, Vermont, 05439 or by email 
to smchr@ smcvt .edu. Materials should be postmarked by November 14. 
Applicants should be supportive of the mission of this Catholic, residential, 
liberal arts college, located in the Burlington area of Vermont. St. 
Michael’s College is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to fostering 
an inclusive, multi-cultural learning community. Applicants are encouraged 
to address their potential contribution to the promotion of our 
diversity. [R] 

U of Vermont 

English, 
400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant Professor of English 
4171 

http:// www .uvmjobs .com 

Position # 006127 

Academic year 2008–09 

Assistant Professor of English, 
beginning fall 2009. 19th-Century 
British 
Novel. 

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in 19th-century 
British novel. Desirable 
secondary fields include: History of the Novel, and British Modernism. 

Typical assignment includes one of the “gateway” courses for English 
majors (“Texts and Contexts,” a course in close reading and writing; or 
“Critical Approaches,” an introduction to literary and cultural theory), 
introductory and advanced undergraduate courses and occasional M.A.- 
level seminars. 

The successful candidate will be expected to undertake an active program 
of research or creative activity that leads to publication and presentation in 
peer-reviewed scholarly outlets. The department is especially interested 
in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the 
academic community through their research, teaching and/or service. In 
their cover letters, applicants are requested to include a description of how 
they can contribute to the department’s goals in these areas. 

Online Applications: Apply online at www .uvmjobs .com. Search for the 
position using department name (English) 
only. Attach a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae to your application by November 15, 2008. 



Paper Applications: Send letter of application and curriculum vitae postmarked 
by November 15, 2008, to Prof. Lokangaka Losambe, Chair, 
Dept. of English, 
University of Vermont, Old Mill 400, Burlington, VT 
05405. Applications will be acknowledged by letter; please do not send 
unsolicited materials. Interviews at MLA in December in San Francisco. 

The University of Vermont is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 


The Department welcomes applications from women and underrepresented 
ethnic, racial and cultural groups and from people with disabilities. 

Virg inia 

Christopher Newport U 

English, 
1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English 
(20th-Century 
British Literature) 3810 

http:// www .cnu .edu 

For the 2009–10 academic year, the Department of English 
at Christopher 
Newport University (CNU) seeks tenure-track assistant professor 
to teach courses in 20th-century 
British Literature, innovative first-and 
second-year argumentative and research writing courses, First Year Seminars 
and upper-level courses in the general education curriculum. Successful 
candidates will hold doctorate in 20th-century 
British Literature 
by August 2009, and demonstrate additional expertise in contemporary 
or 19th-century 
British Literature, British Modernism or literary theory. 
Commitment to teaching freshmen composition, as well as demonstrated 
potential for strong scholarship and publication, are crucial for this position. 
The teaching load for this appointment will be three courses per 
semester. Located between historic Colonial Williamsburg and the ocean 
resort of Virginia Beach, CNU is committed to outstanding teaching 
and learning, undergraduate education, and the liberal studies core; the 
University will soon seek to shelter a Phi Beta Kappa chapter. The Fall 
2008 freshman class of approximately 1,200 students was selected from 
over 8,000 applicants and has an average SAT of about 1180. Capital 
improvements (nearly $500 million) on the beautiful, 260-acre campus 
integrate the University’s liberal arts vision, nurturing mind, body, and 
spirit. These include the state-of-the-art Trible Library, home to the most 
comprehensive maritime research collections in the world; three new academic 
buildings; the Freeman Center athletic complex; and the I.M. Peidesigned 
Ferguson Center for the Arts, which brings to Virginia the finest 
performing artists in the world. Our faculty enjoy an atmosphere of collegiality 
and mutual respect that rewards outstanding teaching and fosters 
active intellectual and creative engagement. CNU faculty are productive 
scholars and researchers, supported by summer stipends and year-long internal 
grants programs. Faculty and administrators actively consult and 
collaborate as the University works to forge a culture of scholarly inquiry, 
informed debate, and civic action that enriches students, faculty, and the 
surrounding community. The result is a supportive and cohesive academic 
setting in which the University cultivates and carries forward its mission. 
Attractive salary, health, and retirement benef its packages and a welldesigned 
family leave policy further enhance the CNU workplace. For 
further information on CNU, please visit our website at www .cnu .edu 
and our institutional profile at http:// chronicle .com/ jobs/ profiles/3730. 
htm?pg=i. To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vita, three 
letters of recommendation, and statement of your philosophy of teaching 
to: Director of Equal Opportunity and Faculty Recruitment, 20th- 
Century 
British Literature Search, Search #8022, Christopher Newport 
University, 1 University Place, Newport News, VA 23606. Review of applications 
begins 11/7/08. Applications received after 11/7/08, will be accepted 
but considered only if needed. Representatives from CNU will be 
available at the MLA Convention in San Francisco. However, attendance 
at the MLA convention is not required for consideration as a candidate for 
this position. EOE [R] 

Christopher Newport U 

English, 
1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English 
(Children’s & Adolescent Literature) 3913 

http:// www .cnu .edu 

For the 2009–10 academic year, the Department of English 
at Christopher 
Newport University (CNU) seeks tenure-track assistant professor who 
will teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Children’s and Adolescent 
literatures, innovative first-and second-year composition seminars, 
first year seminars on innovative topics, as well as upper-level courses for 
the Liberal Learning curriculum. Successful candidates will have doctorate 
in English 
by August 2009, with clear specialization in children’s and 
adolescent literature. K-12 teaching experience desirable. A strong commitment 
to teaching freshman and sophomore composition courses, and 
demonstrated potential for strong scholarship and publication, are crucial 
for this position. The teaching load for this appointment will be three 
courses per semester. Located between historic Colonial Williamsburg 
and the ocean resort of Virginia Beach, CNU is committed to outstanding 
teaching and learning, undergraduate education, and the liberal studies 
core; the University will soon seek to shelter a Phi Beta Kappa chapter. 
The Fall 2008 freshman class of approximately 1,200 students was selected 
from over 8,000 applicants and has an average SAT of about 1180. Capital 
improvements (nearly $500 million) on the beautiful, 260-acre campus 
integrate the University’s liberal arts vision, nurturing mind, body, and 
spirit. These include the state-of-the-art Trible Library, home to the most 
comprehensive maritime research collections in the world; three new academic 
buildings; the Freeman Center athletic complex; and the I.M. Peidesigned 
Ferguson Center for the Arts, which brings to Virginia the finest 
performing artists in the world. Our faculty enjoy an atmosphere of collegiality 
and mutual respect that rewards outstanding teaching and fosters 
active intellectual and creative engagement. CNU faculty are productive 
scholars and researchers, supported by summer stipends and year-long internal 
grants programs. Faculty and administrators actively consult and 
collaborate as the University works to forge a culture of scholarly inquiry, 
informed debate, and civic action that enriches students, faculty, and the 
surrounding community. The result is a supportive and cohesive academic 
setting in which the University cultivates and carries forward its mission. 
Attractive salary, health, and retirement benef its packages and a welldesigned 
family leave policy further enhance the CNU workplace. For 
further information on CNU, please visit our website at www .cnu .edu 
and our institutional profile at http:// chronicle .com/ jobs/ profiles/3730. 
htm?pg=i. To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vita, three letters 
of recommendation, and statement of your philosophy of teaching to: 
Director of EO and Faculty Recruitment, Children’s and Adolescent Literatures 
Search, Search #8319, Christopher Newport University, 1 University 
Place, Newport News, VA 23606. Review of applications begins 
11/7/08. Applications received after 11/7/08, will be accepted but considered 
only if needed. Representatives from CNU will be available at 
the MLA Convention in San Francisco. However, attendance at the MLA 
convention is not required for consideration as a candidate for this position. 
EOE [R] 

George Mason U 

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 3887 

http:// en glish 
.gmu .edu 

The Department of English 
at George Mason University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor level in African 
American Literature. This full-time appointment will begin in Fall 2009. 
The candidate should specialize in either African American Literature before 
1900 or Black Women’s Literature, Criticism, and Theory, and must 
demonstrate potential for excellence in research combined with versatility 
in teaching. The successful candidate will contribute to our graduate and 
undergraduate curricula, including lower-division undergraduate courses. 

Review of applications will begin Nov. 3, 2008. Apply and submit cover 
letter, C.V. and writing sample online at http:// jobs .gmu .edu. (Look for 



position F6389Z.) Also, please send at least three letters of recommendation 
through the mail to: Dr. Keith Clark, Chair, Search Committee, 
Department of English 
/MS 3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 
22030-4444. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of Film and Media Studies 3886 

http:// en glish 
.gmu .edu 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Film and Media Studies, to begin Fall 
2009. Candidates should have expertise in one or more of the following 
areas: East Asian film/ media and/or African film/ media; non-U.S. and 
cross-cultural or global cinema and media. Must demonstrate potential 
for excellence in scholarship and in graduate and undergraduate teaching, 
including introductory courses in film and media and general education 
courses in composition or literature. 

Apply and attach a cover letter, CV, and writing sample online at http:// 
jobs .gmu .edu (look for position F7861Z). Also, please send at least three 
letters of recommendation through the mail to: Cynthia Fuchs, Search 
Committee, Dept. of English, 
Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, 
Fairfax, VA 22030. 

Review of applications begins 3 November 2008. We will interview candidates 
at the MLA Convention. [R] 

James Madison U 

English, 
800 S Main St, MS1801 Harrisonburg VA 22807 

Assistant Professor of American/ Southern Literature 4360 

http:// www .jmu .edu/ en glish 


James Madison University announces a tenure-track position in American 
literature, with special emphasis on the literature of the American South, 
particularly writers of the Southern Literary Renaissance and beyond. 
The successful candidate will teach a variety of courses in this f ield as 
well as sections of American Literature (including surveys), and advanced 
composition. Salary is competitive. Ph.D. in hand by August 2009, but 
preferred candidates will have had some teaching experience in Southern 
Literature. Applicants MUST apply online at: https:jobLink .jmu 
.edu. In addition, applicants should send a writing sample, relevant teaching 
evaluations and three letters of recommendation to: Jean W. Cash, 
Chair, Southern Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
MSC 1801, James Madison University, Harrisonburg, VA 22807. JMU is 
an AA/EOE [R] 

James Madison U 

English, 
800 S Main St, MS1801 Harrisonburg VA 22807 

Assistant Professor of British Modernism 4372 

http:// www .jmu .edu/ en glish 


The Department of English 
at James Madison University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in British modernism at the level of assistant 
professor. Ph.D. is required by August 2009. Teaching responsibilities 
include General Education survey courses and introduction to the English 
major, as well as undergraduate and graduate courses in the candidate’s 
area of specialization. The Department welcomes applicants with a secondary 
interest in critical theory or film. Review of applications begins 
November 5. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention in 
San Francisco. Applicants must apply online at: https:// jobLink .jmu .edu. 
In addition, please send letter of application, C.V., and three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Annette Federico, Search Chair, Department 
of English, 
mailstop 1801, James Madison University, Harrisonburg VA 
22807. JMU is an AA/EOE. 

Randolph-Macon C 

English, 
PO Box 5005 Ashland VA 23005 

Assistant Professor of English 
4210 

http:// rmc .edu 

Tenure-track position in English 
to begin fall 2009. Specialization in 
19th-century 
British literature; an ability to teach upper level courses 
in 18th-century 
literature would be welcomed. Ph.D. required at commencement 
of duties. Responsibilities include teaching within an interdisciplinary 
first-year program as well as teaching major courses. Teaching 
load is six (3 and 4 credit) courses per year. A strong commitment to undergraduate 
education in a liberal arts environment is essential. Please send 
letter of application and vita, including three letters of recommendation, 
to Amy Goodwin, Chair, Department of English, 
Randolph-Macon College, 
P.O. Box 5005, Ashland, VA 23005. To receive full consideration, 
materials must be submitted by November 15. We will be interviewing at 
MLA. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. EOE 

U of Mary Washington 

English, 
Linguistics, & Communication, 1301 College Av 
Fredericksburg VA 22401 

Assistant Professor, Post-colonial literature 4018 

http:// umw .edu/ elc 

The Department of English, 
Linguistics, and Communication of the University 
of Mary Washington invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor of post-colonial studies. Ph.D. required by August 16, 2009. 
Area of expertise within the field open. Teaching assignment includes 
upper-level courses and first-year seminars in specialty, and general education 
literature courses. Opportunities exist to develop new courses in 
area of expertise. 

UMW requires all applications to be submitted electronically. Submit letter 
of application, curriculum vita, and list of graduate courses through our 
website: http:// careers .umw .edu . Only applications submitted through 
this site will be considered. Applications will be accepted until 11:59 p.m., 
November 3, 2008. Please send three letters of recommendation and unofficial 
transcript through regular mail to: Post-Colonial Search, Department 
of English, 
Linguistics, and Communication, University of Mary 
Washington, Fredericksburg, VA 22401. Telephone inquiries to Professor 
Teresa Kennedy (540) 654-1531, or e-mail at tkennedy@ umw .edu. 

In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide 
equal educational and employment opportunities, the University of Mary 
Washington actively encourages women and minorities to apply. UMW is 
a co-educational, state-supported liberal arts university in Fredericksburg, 
VA, located approximately 50 miles south of Washington, DC. [R] 

U of Mary Washington 

English, 
Linguistics, & Communication, 1301 College Av 
Fredericksburg VA 22401 

Assistant Professor Early Modern Non-dramatic literature 4019 

http:// umw .edu/ elc 

The Department of English, 
Linguistics, and Communication of the University 
of Mary Washington invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor in early modern non-dramatic literature, including Milton. 
Ph.D. required by August 16, 2009. Teaching assignment includes upperlevel 
courses and first-year seminars in specialty, and general education 
literature courses. Opportunities exist to develop new courses in area of 
expertise. 

UMW requires all applications to be submitted electronically. Submit letter 
of application, curriculum vita, and list of graduate courses through 
our website: https:// careers .umw .edu. 

Only applications submitted through this site will be considered. Applications 
will be accepted until 11:59 p.m., November 3, 2008. Please send 
three letters of recommendation and unofficial transcript through regular 



mail to: Seventeenth-Century 
Search, Department of English, 
Linguistics, 
and Communication, University of Mary Washington, Fredericksburg, 
VA 22401. Telephone inquiries to Professor Teresa Kennedy (540) 
654-1531, or e-mail at tkennedy@ umw .edu. 

In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide 
equal educational and employment opportunities, the University of Mary 
Washington actively encourages women and minorities to apply. UMW is 
a co-educational, state-supported liberal arts university in Fredericksburg, 
VA, located approximately 50 miles south of Washington, DC. [R] 

U of Richmond 

English, 
28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Postcolonlal African Literature 4180 

http:// en glish 
.richmond .edu/ 

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in postcolonial African literature at the assistant level, to begin in the fall 
2009. In exceptional cases, a more senior appointment may be possible. 
Teaching capability in postcolonial literatures and theory is expected; expertise 
in film and/or performance culture, although not required, would 
be an asset. 

The appointee will be expected to maintain excellence both in teaching 
and in research. Teaching will involve general-education courses as well 
as advanced courses for majors. The successful candidate will have proven 
teaching ability and will demonstrate significant scholarly accomplishment 
and commitment to future research. Ph.D. in hand by August 1, 
2009, required. To be considered for MLA interviews, applicants should 
submit the following: a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a writing 
sample of up to 25 pages, and separate statements of (1) research interests 
and plans and, (2) teaching philosophy and experience to Suzanne Jones, 
Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Richmond, 
VA 23173. Applicants should also arrange for a current transcript 
and three letters of recommendation, including at least one that addresses 
teaching potential, to be sent directly to the same address. Applications 
must be received by November 1. 

The University of Richmond is a highly selective, well-endowed, private 
institution on a suburban campus, located in Virginia’s state capital within 
a two-hour drive of Washington, D.C. The University of Richmond is 
committed to developing a diverse faculty and student body and to supporting 
an inclusive campus community. We strongly encourage applications 
from diverse candidates. [R] 

U of Richmond 

Program in American Studies, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 
23173 

Tyler and Alice Haynes Professorship in American Studies 3746 

http:// americanstudies .richmond .edu/ 

The University of Richmond invites applications for the Tyler and Alice 
Haynes Professorship in American Studies, a tenured position at the associate 
or full level. We seek candidates who will contribute to the development 
of a recently revitalized American Studies curriculum that 
encourages undergraduates to examine United States society from racial, 
ethnic, cultural, and transnational/ diasporic perspectives. The University 
of Richmond is committed to developing a diverse faculty and student 
body and to supporting an inclusive campus community, which values 
the expression of differences in ways that promote excellence in research, 
teaching, and learning. Teaching responsibilities will be divided between 
American Studies courses and electives in an allied department to which 
the candidate will be jointly appointed. Nominations and applications will 
be considered beginning October 1, 2008. Email c.v., research plan, and 
statement of American Studies teaching interests to Douglas Winiarski, 
Coordinator, Program in American Studies, at dwiniars@ richmond .edu. 

U of Virginia 

English, 
PO Box 400121, 219 Bryan Hall Charlottesville VA 22904 

Assistant Professor of English 
4243 

http:// https:// jobs .virginia .edu 

The Department of English 
at the University of Virginia, Charlottesville, 
VA, invites applications for a tenure-track, full-time Assistant Professorship 
with a specialization in world anglophone literatures. The appointment 
begins August 25, 2009. A strong preference for junior candidates 
with a specialization in areas of global, postcolonial, and transnational literary 
studies in English, 
including especially Africa and the Caribbean, as 
well as Asia, the Pacific Rim, black and Asian Britain, and elsewhere. 

Ph.D is required to be in hand by appointment with a beginning date of 
August 25, 2009; however, ABD candidates will be considered at the Acting 
Assistant Professor level. Degree would need to be conferred no later 
than August 24, 2010. Candidates must demonstrate substantial promise 
of excellence in scholarship and teaching, and the achievement of, or 
strong potential for, outstanding publication in the field of world anglophone 
literatures. 

To apply, candidates must submit a candidate profile, cover letter, CV, 
statement of research interest, and a statement of teaching philosophy 
through Jobs@ UVA (https:// jobs .virginia .edu); the Posting Number 
0602734. 

Dossier with three (3) recommendation letters must be mailed to the following 
address: Assistant Professor-World Anglophone Literatures, Search 
Committee Chair, University of Virginia, Department of English, 
PO 
Box 400121, Charlottesville, VA 22904 

For immediate consideration, candidates must apply by October 17, 2008; 
however, the position will remain open until filled. 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

English, 
PO Box 842005, 900 Park Av Richmond VA 23284 

Assistant Professor, Early 20th Century British and Anglophone 
Literature 3599 

http:// www .has .vcu .edu/ eng 

The Department of English 
at Virginia Commonwealth University seeks 
to make an appointment at the junior rank in early 20th century British 
and Anglophone literature. Demonstrable strength in the English 
and 
Irish high modernist writers (Yeats, Joyce, Woolf, etc.) is required. Of 
particular interest will be candidates with a secondary interest in performance 
or media theory, including film and electronic media. PhD in English 
is required; degree must be completed by August 16, 2009, the date 
the appointment begins. Record of excellent teaching is essential, as is 
evidence of a well-defined research program with promise of continued 
growth. The successful candidate will support the BA and MA primarily, 
and secondarily the MFA in creative writing and the interdisciplinary 
PhD in Media, Art, and Text. 

Send letter of application, current CV, and dossier including three letters 
of recommendation, a statement of teaching philosophy, graduate transcripts, 
and a writing sample no longer than 25 pp. to Dr. Terry Oggel, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Box 842005, Virginia Commonwealth 
University, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. All materials must be postmarked 
by November 13, 2008. This position is contingent upon funding. 
VCU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Women, 
minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 



Virginia Commonwealth U 

English, 
PO Box 842005, 900 Park Av Richmond VA 23284 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Multi-Ethnic Literatures of the United 
States 3600 

http:// www .has .vcu .edu/ eng 

The Department of English 
at Virginia Commonwealth University seeks 
to make an appointment at the junior or early senior rank in the multiethnic 
literatures of the United States. This appointment may be tenuretrack 
or tenured, pending Board of Visitors approval, if the candidate 
holds tenure in a comparable program. PhD in English 
or in ethnic literatures 
of the United States is required; degree must be completed by August 
16, 2009, the date the appointment begins. Demonstrable strength in 
at least two of the following areas of study is necessary: African American, 
Asian American, Native American, Hispanic American or comparative 
ethnic American literatures. Record of excellent teaching is essential, as 
is evidence of a well-defined reseach program with promise of continued 
growth. The successful candidate will contribute to our general education 
program, English 
major, MA, and interdisciplinary PhD in Media, Art, 
and Text. 

Send letter of application stipulating level of appointment being sought, 
current CV, and dossier including three letters of recommendation, 
a statement of teaching philosophy (and for those applying for assistant 
professor rank, graduate transcripts and a writing sample no longer than 
25 pp.) to Dr. Terry Oggel, Chair, Department of English, 
Box 842005, 
Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. All 
materials must be postmarked by November 13, 2008. This position is 
contingent upon funding. VCU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action 
employer. 
Women, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

English, 
PO Box 842005, 900 Park Av Richmond VA 23284 

Assistant Professor of British Studies, especially Literature and Art of Earlier 
English 
Colonialism 3597 

http:// www .has .vcu .edu/ eng 

The Department of English 
at Virginia Commonwealth University seeks 
to make a junior rank appointment in British studies, especially the literature 
and art of earlier English 
colonialism. Demonstrable strength is 
required in British texts of the early Enlightenment, with some knowledge 
of continental and early American texts. Of particular interest will 
be candidates with some expertise in the writing of the slave-trade debate. 
PhD in English 
or British Studies is required; degree must be completed 
by August 16, 2009, the date the appointment begins. Record of excellent 
teaching is essential, as is evidence of a well-defined research program 
with promise of continued growth. The successful candidate will support 
the BA and MA primarily, and secondarily the MFA in creative writing 
and the interdisciplinary PhD in Media, Art, and Text. 

Send letter of application, current CV, and dossier including three letters 
of recommendation, a statement of teaching philosophy, graduate transcripts, 
and a writing sample no longer than 25 pp. to Dr. Terry Oggel, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Box 842005, Virginia Commonwealth 
University, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. All materials must be postmarked 
by November 13, 2008. This position is contingent upon funding. 
VCU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Women, 
minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Washington & Lee U 

English, 
Payne Hall Lexington VA 24450 

Assistant Professor of English 
3581 

http:// en glish 
.wlu .edu/ 

Tenure-track position beginning fall 2009 in Ethnic American Literatures 
and Fiction Writing. Teaching responsibilities will include upper-and 
lower-level courses in these areas; an annual section of first-year composition; 
and possibly courses in Contemporary American Fiction or Film. 
Opportunities in interdisciplinary programs including African American 
Studies, Latin American and Caribbean Studies, and Women’s Studies. 
PhD required, or MFA with substantial scholarly credentials. 

Washington and Lee University, a highly selective national liberal arts 
college and home of the distinguished literary review Shenandoah, is 
located in the Shenandoah Valley. Send letter of application and vita by 
31 October to Professor Lesley Wheeler, Department of English, 
Payne 
Hall, Washington and Lee University, Lexington VA 24450. Finalists will 
be interviewed at MLA in San Francisco. Washington and Lee, an EEO 
Employer, 
encourages women and minorities to apply. [R] 

Wa shing ton 

Gonzaga U 

English, 
502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258 

Assistant Professor of Contemporary Multi-Ethnic Literature 4289 

http:// www .gonzaga .edu/ 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor position to begin Fall 2009. Required 
qualif ications: PhD in Literature or equivalent with specialization in 
Contemporary Multi-Ethnic Literature and evidence of superior teaching. 
Preference given to candidates with expertise in one or more of the 
following areas: Global Literatures in English, 
African-American, Native 
American, Latino/a, Chicano/a, or Asian American Literature. Teaching 
load is 3/3. Letter of application should include a description of teaching 
philosophy, experience, and professional values. Gonzaga University 
is a Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic institution interested in candidates who 
will contribute to our distinctive mission. Salary range–$46,000–47,500. 
Please send letter of application, vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Dr. D. S. Butterworth, Chair, Department of English, 
Gonzaga 
University, E. 502 Boone Ave., Spokane, WA 99258. GU is an AA\EEO 
employer 
committed to diversity. Postmark Deadline: November 7. [R] 

U of Washington 

English, 
Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195 

African American Literature and Culture 3639 

http:// depts .washington .edu/ engl/ 

The University of Washington English 
Department seeks a scholar in 
18th-and 19th century African American literature and culture. We are 
particularly interested in research that engages with slavery and colonialism 
as elements of a Black Atlantic experience. Rank is open and may be 
filled at the level of Professor, Associate Professor (with tenure), Assistant 
Professor or Acting Assistant Professor (tenure track), depending upon the 
candidate’s qualifications. Applicants should have a Ph.D. degree by the 
start of appointment. Candidates in the final stages of their Ph.D. program 
may be appointed on an acting basis. This position is part of a larger departmental 
hiring initiative in “Comparative colonial, anti-colonial and 
diasporic literary cultures.” Other priority areas in this initiative include 
Caribbean literatures, histories and politics; South Asian literatures, histories 
and politics; ecocriticism; Native American literatures, histories and 
politics. Final budgetary approval pending. 

Applications, including curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching 
interests, and the names of three references, should be sent to: 

Gary Handwerk, Chair, University of Washington, Department of English, 
Padelford Hall A101, Box 354330, Seattle WA 98195 

Priority will be given to applications received by November 7, 2008. 
The University is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse 
and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in 
a multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications from 
women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans. 
University of Washington faculty engage in teaching, research and service. 
We are looking for candidates with a commitment to mentoring un



derrepresented students at both the undergraduate and the graduate level. 
The University of Washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

Washington SU 

English, 
PO Box 645020 Pullman WA 99164 

Assistant Professor of English 
(Rhetoric and Composition, Technical 
Communication) 4172 

http:// www .wsujobs .com 

Assistant Professor of English 
with expertise in rhetoric and professional 
writing to begin August, 2009 for WSU’s growing Tri-Cities campus. 
Responsibilities will include teaching lower-and upper-division writing 
courses and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition, and serving as 
the campus Writing Program Administrator. Desirable areas of scholarship 
include composition theory, multimodal composition, rhetorical 
theory, and technical communication. Candidates will possess evidence of 
scholarly potential, demonstrated ability to teach at the college level, work 
in diverse, multi-cultural communities and will demonstrate the ability 
to contribute to the goals and growth of the department and the campus. 
Candidates must have their Ph.D in hand by date of hire. Review of applications 
will begin 7 November 2008. Send letter of application, cv, three 
current letters of reference, and a writing sample (maximum 20 pages) 
to Kristy Gutierrez, Clerical Manager, English 
Search Committee, Liberal 
Arts, Washington State University Tri-Cities, 2710 University Dr., 
Richland WA 99354-1671. Refer to search #5160 at www .wsujobs .com 
for more complete information. WSU is an EEO educator and employer. 


Whitman C 

English, 
345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Film Studies 3991 

http:// www .whitman .edu 

RHETORIC AND FILM STUDIES: Tenure track position in Rhetoric 
& Film Studies, with expertise in Television Studies and/or Media 
Studies and Popular Culture, at the rank of assistant professor. Effective 
August 2009. Ph.D. required. The successful candidate will offer introductory 
and advanced courses in Television Studies and/or Media Studies 
and Popular Culture. Whitman College wishes to reinforce its commitment 
to enhance diversity, broadly defined, recognizing that to provide 
a diverse learning environment is to prepare students for personal and 
professional success in an increasingly multicultural and global society. In 
their application, candidates should address their interest in working with 
undergraduates as teachers and scholars in a liberal arts environment that 
emphasizes close student-faculty interaction; how their cultural, experiential, 
and/or academic background contributes to diversity; and their interest 
in participating in the College’s general education offerings. Materials 
should include a letter of application addressing qualifications specific to 
this position; curriculum vitae; three letters of reference; graduate transcripts; 
and teaching evaluations or other evidence of demonstrated or potential 
excellence in undergraduate instruction. Send materials to: Robert 
Sickels, Search Chair, Department of Rhetoric & Film Studies, Whitman 
College, 345 Boyer Avenue, Walla Walla, WA 99362. Deadline: October 
10, 2008. No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis of 
race, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital 
status, religion, creed, or disability. Whitman College, located in the scenic 
Columbia Basin, is a small, selective, liberal arts college dedicated to 
providing excellent education opportunities for students. The College has 
a generous sabbatical leave program and professional development support 
for both research and teaching. For additional information about Whitman 
College and the Walla Walla area, see www .whitman .edu and www 
.wallawalla .org. [R] 

Whitman C 

English, 
345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362 

Assistant Professor of English 
3990 

http:// www .whitman .edu 

ENGLISH (Modern and Contemporary American Literature): Tenure 
track position in English 
with expertise in modern and contemporary 
American literature, at the rank of assistant professor. Effective August 
2009. Ph.D. required. Three courses/ semester, including “American 
Literature 1914 to the Present,” and other offerings, which might 
include American Ethnic Literature, American Poetry, Gender and/ 
or Queer Studies, among others. Willingness to teach composition and 
General Studies 145/146 (the college’s first-year core course in Antiquity 
and Modernity). Whitman College wishes to reinforce its commitment 
to enhance diversity, broadly defined, recognizing that to provide a diverse 
learning environment is to prepare students for personal and professional 
success in an increasingly multicultural and global society. In 
their application, candidates should address their interest in working with 
undergraduates as teachers and scholars in a liberal arts environment that 
emphasizes close student-faculty interaction; how their cultural, experiential, 
and/or academic background contributes to diversity; and their 
interest in participating in the College’s general education offerings. Materials 
should include an application letter discussing your teaching experience 
and research agenda; curriculum vitae; three letters of reference; 
undergraduate and graduate transcripts; teaching evaluations or other evidence 
of demonstrated or potential excellence in undergraduate instruction. 
Send materials to: Professor Katrina Roberts, Chair of the American 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
Whitman College, 345 Boyer 
Avenue, Walla Walla, WA 99362. Deadline: October 31, 2008. No applicant 
shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, national or ethnic 
origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, creed, or 
disability. Whitman College is a small, selective, liberal arts college dedicated 
to providing excellent education opportunities for students. The 
College has a generous sabbatical leave program and professional development 
support for both research and teaching. For additional information 
about Whitman College and the Walla Walla area, see www .whitman .edu 
and www .wallawalla .org. [R] 

West Virg inia 

Marshall U 

English, 
400 Hal Greer Blvd Huntington WV 25755 

Chair of English 
Department 4097 

http:// www .marshall .edu 

The Department of English 
invites applications for the position of Chair 
to begin August 2009. The appointment will be made at the rank of Full 
Professor with tenure. 12 month position. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English; 
specialization open. Must have record of exemplary undergraduate 
and graduate teaching, and distinction in research or creative work; 
understanding of English 
Studies model that includes Literature, Creative 
Writing, Rhetoric/ Composition, Linguistics/ ESL, Professional/ Technical 
Writing and English 
Education,; strong record of academic administration, 
interpersonal, collaborative and leadership skills; and commitment 
to faculty diversity and to faculty governance. 

DEPARTMENT: 

The Department of English 
is one of the largest and most respected on 
campus with 28 full-time faculty and an experienced team of instructors 
and TAs. The Department currently serves over 100 undergraduate 
majors and 50 MA students and offers upper division courses in multiple 
areas for students across the university. The Department also administers 
the undergraduate program in First Year Writing, the University Writing 
Center, and the National Writing Project. Our diverse faculty are active 
participants in the university community, committed teachers, and productive 
scholars. For more information see: www .marshall .edu/ english 


RESPONSIBILITIES: 



Lead a dynamic, student-centered Department of diverse faculty; represent 
the Department with the university administration; oversee Departmental 
activities such as Visiting Writers, Et Cetera literary journal; and 
teach in area of specialization. Moreover, the Chair will provide leadership 
for the department in creating a strategic plan that ensures the vitality 
of its academic programs. 

APPLICATION: 

Send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Donna Spindel, Interim Chair, Department of English, 
Marshall University, 
One John Marshall Drive, Huntington, WV 25755. Review of applications 
will begin on November 17, 2008, and continue until the position 
is filled. 

www .hadco .org Community information 

Marshall University is an AA/EOE and is committed to developing a diverse 
faculty and staff. [R] 

Marshall U 

English, 
400 Hal Greer Blvd Huntington WV 25755 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of British Literature 4102 

http:// www .marshall .edu 

LITERATURE 

Tenure-track position; rank open. Ph.D. in 19th Century British Literature, 
especially poetry, required at time of appointment; evidence of 
scholarship; teaching experience; ability to teach 18th century, or Anglophone, 
or transatlantic literature a plus. 

DEPARTMENT: 

The Department of English 
is one of the largest and most respected on 
campus with 28 full-time faculty and an experienced team of instructors 
and TAs. The Department currently serves over 100 undergraduate majors 
and 50 MA students, administers the undergraduate writing program 
in First Year Writing, and offers upper division courses in multiple areas 
for students across the university. Our diverse faculty are active participants 
in the university community, committed teachers, and productive 
scholars. The comprehensive, integrative curriculum includes Literature, 
Creative Writing, Rhetoric/ Composition, Linguistics/ ESL, Professional/ 
Technical Writing and English 
Education. For more information see: 
www .marshall .edu/ en glish 


RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Teaching responsibilities include First Year Writing courses, graduate and 
upper level undergraduate classes in areas of specialization as well as surveys. 

APPLICATION: 

Send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Donna Spindel, Interim Chair, Department of English, 
Marshall University, 
One John Marshall Drive, Huntington, WV 25755. Review of applications 
will begin on November 17, 2008, and continue until the position 
is filled. 

www .hadco .org Community information. 

Marshall University is an AA/EOE and is committed to developing a diverse 
faculty and staff. [R] 

Marshall U 

English, 
400 Hal Greer Blvd Huntington WV 25755 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of Creative Writing 4100 

http:// www .marshall .edu 

CREATIVE WRITING 

Tenure-track position; rank open. Ph.D. in Creative Writing required at 
time of appointment; strong record of creative publication; teaching experience; 
primary area in creative non-fiction with secondary emphasis in 
fiction or poetry or literature or screen writing. 

DEPARTMENT: 

The Department of English 
is one of the largest and most respected on 
campus with 28 full-time faculty and an experienced team of instructors 
and TAs. The Department currently serves over 100 undergraduate majors 
and 50 MA students, administers the undergraduate writing program 
in First Year Writing, and offers upper division courses in multiple areas 
for students across the university. Our diverse faculty are active participants 
in the university community, committed teachers, and productive 
scholars. The comprehensive, integrative curriculum includes Literature, 
Creative Writing, Rhetoric/ Composition, Linguistics/ ESL, Professional/ 
Technical Writing and English 
Education. For more information see: 
www .marshall .edu/ en glish 


RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Teaching responsibilities include First Year Writing courses, graduate and 
upper level undergraduate classes in areas of specialization as well as surveys. 

APPLICATION: 

Send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Donna Spindel, Interim Chair, Department of English, 
Marshall University, 
One John Marshall Drive, Huntington, WV 25755. Review of applications 
will begin on November 17, 2008, and continue until the position 
is filled. 

www .hadco .org Community information 

Marshall University is an AA/EOE and is committed to developing a diverse 
faculty and staff. [R] 

Shepherd U 

English 
& Mod Langs, School of the Arts & Humanities 
Shepherdstown WV 25443 

Assistant Professor of English: 
Poetry and Poetics 3893 

http:// www .shepherd .edu 

Shepherd University. A full-time, tenure-track position available due to 
expansion and retirement. To start August 2009. Must have Ph.D. in hand 
by then. Publication and service are necessary for tenure and promotion; 
primary responsibility is teaching. Course load 4/4; incumbents expected 
to teach all levels of classes: first-year general studies courses through graduate 
seminars. All candidates with course work and research in poetry, 
prosody, and versification encouraged to apply, regardless of geographic 
or historical focus. Comparative literature specialists with emphasis in poetry 
especially desirable. Will be interviewing at MLA conference. Apply 
at https:// jobs .shepherd .edu by October 31, 2008. EOE. [R] 

Shepherd U 

English 
& Mod Langs, School of the Arts & Humanities 
Shepherdstown WV 25443 

Assistant Professor of English: 
18th-Century 
British Literature 3895 

http:// www .shepherd .edu 

Shepherd University. A full-time, tenure-track position available due to 
expansion and retirement. To start August 2009. Must have Ph.D. in hand 
by then. Publication and service are necessary for tenure and promotion; 
primary responsibility is teaching. Course load 4/4; incumbents expected 
to teach all levels of classes: first-year general studies courses through graduate 
seminars. Comparative literature specialists with emphasis in the 18th 
century especially desirable. Will be interviewing at MLA conference. 
Apply at https:// jobs .shepherd .edu by October 31, 2008. EOE. [R] 

West Virginia U 

English, 
PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant Professor of Latino/a American Literature 3560 

The Department of English 
at West Virginia University invites applications 
for the position of Assistant Professor with a specialization in 
Latino/a or Chicano/a Literatures in English. 
Applicants must have a PhD 
or other terminal degree in an appropriate field (English, 
Comparative 



Literature, or Chicano/a Studies preferred), clear evidence of success in 
research, and demonstrated teaching excellence. We seek candidates committed 
to developing curriculum and interdisciplinary programming 
with faculty from other departments and units across campus. Desirable 
secondary fields include gender/ sexuality studies, Native American studies, 
adolescent literature and culture, and new media studies. Anticipated 
areas of teaching include undergraduate and graduate courses in area of 
specialization, Multiethnic Literature, Introduction to American Studies, 
American literature surveys, and genre courses (novel, short story, poetry, 
and/or drama). 

West Virginia University is a flagship, research-high activity university, 
located in Morgantown, WV (approximately 70 miles south of Pittsburgh, 
PA). WVU is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer. 
The 
Department of English 
is committed to internationalizing its curriculum 
and the perspectives of its students. 

The position begins August 16, 2009. Screening will begin November 1, 
continuing until the position is filled. Initial interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA convention in San Francisco. 

Submit letter of application and CV, an approximately 20-page sample of 
research, and at least three letters of recommendation to: 

Search Committee: Latino/a American Literature, Department of English, 
Box 6296, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296 

Direct further inquiries to Donald Hall: Donald .Hall@ mail .wvu .edu 
(304) 293-3100. [R] 

Wisc onsin 

Edgewood C 

Human Resources-DSAS, 1000 Edgewood College Drive Madison WI 
53711 

Assistant Professor of English 
3910 

http:// www .edgewood .edu 

The Department of English 
at Edgewood College invites applications 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor to begin August 
2009. Preference will be given to generalists with a primary strength 
in early American literature; secondary strengths in 19th-century 
British 
literature and/or composition and rhetoric a plus. Responsibilities include 
teaching three courses per semester, to include composition and introductory 
literature courses in addition to courses in area(s) of specialization; 
service to the college; and ongoing scholarly activity in the profession. The 
successful candidate will share our faculty’s commitment to the teaching 
of writing, and will have teaching experience at the college level. Ph.D. in 
English 
or American Studies required at the time of appointment. 

Edgewood is a small, Catholic liberal arts college in Madison, WI. Salary 
and benefits competitive. Interviews to be held at MLA in San Francisco. 
Please send CV and cover letter by November 15 addressed to Prof. Rachel 
Poulsen, Search Chair, English 
Dept., and mail to: 

Edgewood College, Human Resources–ENGAP, 1000 Edgewood College 
Drive, Madison, WI 53711, E-mail: humanresources@ edgewood 
.edu 

www .edgewood .edu 

Edgewood College is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
committed to diversity 
in hiring, and welcomes persons of diverse backgrounds, religious 
affiliations, ethnic and racial identifications, and sexual orientations. 

Lawrence U 

English, 
PO Box 599 Appleton WI 54912 

Assistant Professor of postcolonial literature (English) 
3528 

http:// www .lawrence .edu 

Tenure-track opening for fall 2009 in postcolonial literature in English. 
Secondary interests could include film, cultural studies, and/or literary 
theory. In addition to advanced courses in these primary and secondary 
areas, responsibilities will include regular contributions to the freshman 
program as well as introductory and intermediate literature courses. 
The teaching load at Lawrence is two courses in each of three ten-week 
terms. Send letter, CV, and dossier by November 15 to Karen Hoffmann, 
Chair, English 
department, Lawrence University, Appleton, WI 54912. 
Lawrence is a private, nationally-ranked liberal-arts college of about 1400 
students and 170 faculty. We will interview at MLA. Lawrence promotes 
equal opportunity for all. [R] 

Marian C of Fond du Lac 

Arts & Humanities, 45 S National Av Fond du Lac WI 54935 

Full-time Faculty in English 
3767 

http:// www .marianuniversity .edu 

Marian University, a premier Catholic university located in Fond du 
Lac, WI invites applications from strong generalists with demonstrated 
teaching excellence for a full-time tenure-track position in English 
beginning 
Fall 2009. Teaching duties include courses in expository writing, 
argumentative and research writing, introductory literature, and 
advanced-level writing and literature for majors and minors in English 
and English 
Education. Special consideration given to candidates with 
expertise in American literature as well as Multicultural literatures. Normal 
teaching load is 12 credits per semester. Ph.D. in English 
required. 
Additional responsibilities include programmatic duties, such as advising 
and assessment, as well as school and university-wide service and committee 
work. Willingness to support the Vision, Mission and Core Values of 
the University. Submit a letter of application, current curriculum vitae, 
statement of teaching philosophy, three letters of reference, evidence of 
teaching effectiveness and transcripts to: Director of Human Resources, 
Marian University, 45 S. National Ave., Fond du Lac, WI 54935. E-mail: 
cflood@ marianuniversity .edu or FAX: 920-923-7658. Marian University 
is a community committed to learning, dedicated to service and social 
justice and joined together by spiritual traditions. AA/EEO strongly committed 
to diversity. Background checks will be conducted. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire 

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English—
Director of Composition 4204 

http:// uwec .edu 

Tenure-track position directing our college composition program and 
teaching courses in composition and language; appointment begins 
24 August 2009. Required qualifications: Doctorate in English 
or related 
field with dissertation and/or research focus in composition theory and 
pedagogy or writing program administration (completion of doctorate 
will be required before appointment can begin); experience directing (or 
assisting to direct) a college-level composition or writing program; evidence 
of effective teaching of college composition courses. Strong assets: 
experience with a successful writing center; familiarity and experience 
with writing across the curriculum; proven ability to work productively 
with faculty and administrators across campus; strong scholarly potential 
in composition studies; ability to bring diverse perspectives or experiences 
to campus. Members of the English 
Department teach composition every 
semester in addition to specialized courses at the undergraduate or graduate 
level; typical semester load is three courses, equivalent to 12 credits. 
The Composition Director will be released from 4 or 5 credits of teaching 
during each semester of service. Additional information is available at 
http:// www .uwec .edu/ English. 
To ensure consideration, submit application 
letter, vitae, writing sample, brief statement of teaching philosophy, 
and three letters of recommendation postmarked by 3 November 2008 to 
Dr. Jack Bushnell, Chair, Department of English, 
ATTN: Composition 
Director Search. Screening may continue beyond that date as necessary 
until position is filled. We will conduct preliminary interviews for this 
position by phone. Representatives of the English 
Department will be attending 
the MLA convention in San Francisco. We reserve the right to 
contact appropriate references of our choosing after notice to the candidate 
at the appropriate time in the process. Under Wisconsin law, names 



of finalists will be released on request. A criminal background check will 
be required before employment begins. UW-Eau Claire is a regional 
comprehensive university with an established reputation for academic excellence. 
UW-Eau Claire is an AA/EEO employer, 
dedicated to enhancing 
diversity. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire 

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant Professor of Film, Theory, and Cultural Studies 4215 

http:// uwec .edu 

Tenure-track position teaching courses in Film, Critical Theory, and 
Cultural Studies. Appointment begins August 24th, 2009. Required 
qualif ications: Ph.D. in relevant f ield with demonstrated emphasis in 
film, theory, and cultural studies; ABD candidates must complete all the 
requirements for the doctoral degree by December 1, 2009. Strong assets 
include any of the following: evidence of teaching experience and 
research in Film, Theory, and Cultural Studies; evidence of significant 
scholarly potential; evidence of effective teaching in composition at the 
college level; a commitment to interdisciplinary education; experience in 
developing new programs; ability to bring diverse perspectives or experiences 
to campus. To ensure consideration, application letter, vita, writing 
sample, brief statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of 
recommendation must be postmarked by 3 November 2008 to Professor 
Jack Bushnell, Chair, Department of English, 
ATTN: Film, Theory, and 
Cultural Studies Search. Screening will continue beyond that date if necessary 
until the position is filled. We will conduct preliminary interviews 
for this position by phone. Representatives of the English 
Department 
will be attending the MLA convention in San Francisco. We reserve the 
right to contact appropriate references of our choosing, after notice to the 
candidate, at the appropriate time in the process. According to state law, 
names of finalists will be released upon request. A criminal background 
check will be required prior to employment. UW-Eau Claire is a regional 
comprehensive university with an established reputation for academic excellence. 
Members of the English 
Department teach composition every 
semester in addition to general and specialized courses at the undergraduate 
or graduate level; a typical semester load is 3 courses (equivalent to 
12 credits). Additional information is available at http:// www .uwec .edu/ 
English. 
UW-Eau Claire is an AA/EO employer 
dedicated to enhancing 
diversity. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire 

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant Professor of Modern American Poetry, 20th Century 4202 

http:// uwec .edu 

Tenure-track position teaching courses in 20th Century American Poetry, 
with emphasis on early to mid-century 
writers; appointment begins 
August 24, 2009. Required qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or related field 
with specialization in 20th Century American Poetry; ABD candidates 
must complete all requirements for doctoral degree by December 1, 2009. 
Also considered as assets: evidence of teaching experience and research 
in late 20th Century American Poetry and/or 20th Century British Poetry; 
evidence of excellent teaching in composition at the college level; 
evidence of excellent scholarly potential; ability to bring diverse perspectives 
or experiences to campus. To ensure consideration, application letter, 
vita, writing sample, brief statement of teaching philosophy, and three 
letters of recommendation must be postmarked by 3 November 2008 to 
Professor Jack Bushnell, Chair, Department of English, 
ATTN: Modern 
American Poetry Search. Screening will continue beyond that date as 
necessary until position is filled. Preliminary interviews for this position 
will be held at the MLA convention in San Francisco; accommodations 
will be made for those who cannot attend the convention. We reserve the 
right to contact appropriate references of our choosing, after notice to the 
candidate, at the appropriate time in the process. According to state law, 
names of finalists will be released upon request. A criminal background 
check will be required prior to employment. UW-Eau Claire is a regional 
comprehensive university with an established reputation for academic excellence. 
Members of the English 
Department teach composition every 
semester in addition to general and specialized courses at the undergraduate 
or graduate level; typical semester load is 3 courses (equivalent to 12 
credits). Additional information is available at http:// www .uwec .edu/ 
English. 
UW-Eau Claire is an AA/EO employer 
dedicated to enhancing 
diversity. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 
1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric & Writing Studies 3888 

http:// www .uwlax .edu/ english. 


The English 
Department at the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse invites 
applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Writing 
Studies, beginning Fall 2009. We seek a new colleague who is an engaging 
teacher and scholar with a strong commitment to undergraduate education. 
Primary upper level teaching responsibilities will be in courses in 
our new and expanding Rhetoric and Writing major emphasis, as well as 
regular assignments in freshman composition. We desire applicants with 
expertise in professional writing, including business, technical, and science 
writing. Experience or potential with undergraduate rhetoric and 
writing studies curriculum, including theory, prose style and editing, and 
writing in the disciplines and writing across the curriculum are also desirable. 
Multicultural, international, disability, and diversity perspectives in 
teaching, scholarship, and curriculum development especially welcome. 

The UW-L English 
Department has a strong commitment to multicultural 
and international education and opportunities exist for curriculum 
development and reform in these and other areas. 

A PhD in English 
with a Rhetoric and Writing Studies concentration, 
or an equivalent PhD, in hand by August 31, 2009, is required, as well 
as a strong record of undergraduate teaching, including freshman writing. 
Teaching load is 4/4. We offer a very competitive salary and excellent 
benefits. 

The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is one of 13 four-year campuses 
in the University of Wisconsin System, with around 9,000 students enrolled 
in a variety of liberal arts and professional programs. 

La Crosse (pop. 51,000) is regularly ranked as one of the best small metropolitan 
communities in the U.S. The city is set among scenic bluffs along 
the Mississippi River at the Minnesota/ Wisconsin border, within easy 
driving distance to Minneapolis, Chicago, Milwaukee, and Madison. 

As an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
The University of 
Wisconsin–La Crosse is engaged in an effort to be a leader in Wisconsin’s 
movement toward increased diversity and inclusiveness. Women, persons 
of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to apply. If you 
have a special need or accommodation to assist in your participation in the 
hiring process please contact Dr. Richard Sullivan at (608) 785-8295 to 
make appropriate arrangements. To learn more about the English 
Department 
visit http:// www .uwlax .edu/ english. 
To learn more about the position 
and the university, visit http:// www .uwlax .edu/ vacancies . 

To apply, send a letter of application, a current vita, official transcripts, 
and three current letters of recommendation to Dr. Richard Sullivan, 
Chair, English 
Department, University of Wisconsin–La Crosse, 1725 
State Street, La Crosse, Wisconsin, 54601. All application materials must 
be received no later than November 8, 2008. Initial interviews at the San 
Francisco MLA. Refer to position # 10ENG01. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, UW-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [R] 



U of Wisconsin, Madison 

English, 
600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Afro Amer Literature 3616 

http:// www .en glish 
.wisc .edu 

The English 
Department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison is 
searching for a distinguished scholar in African American literature and 
culture at the assistant or early associate professor rank. We seek applications 
from individuals with excellent records of publication and teaching, 
with some preference for those applying at the rank of advanced assistant 
or beginning associate professor. 

The scholar will be required to teach 4 courses per academic year and will 
be expected to conduct research and perform service in the areas that correspond 
to the candidate’s speciality. 

Applicants should send a letter of interest and CV to: Thomas Schaub, 
Chair, English 
Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Rm. 7187 
Helen C. White Hall, 600 N. Park St., Madison, WI 53706 

UW-Madison is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
We 
promote excellence through diversity and encourage all qualified individuals 
to apply. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Oshkosh 

English, 
800 Algoma Blvd Oshkosh WI 54901 

Assistant Professor of English 
3807 

http:// www .uwosh .edu 

Assistant Professor of English, 
University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. Tenure-
track position in American Ethnic Literature requires Ph.D. with 
specialization in either Asian American Literature or Latino/a Literature. 
Expectations include college teaching experience; an active research and 
publication agenda; and ability to teach upper-level and graduate courses 
in specialty as well as general education courses in literature and composition. 
Opportunity to direct M.A. theses. Service on committees 
and advising of English 
majors also expected. Twenty-four credit annual 
teaching load with six credits reassigned to research for active scholars. 
Starting date: September 1, 2009. Send letter of application, CV, statement 
of teaching philosophy, three current letters of recommendation, 
and official graduate transcripts to Dr. Ron Rindo, Chair, Department of 
English, 
University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, Oshkosh, WI 54901 by November 
10, 2008. Employment will require a criminal background check. 
AA/EOE. [R] 

Wyoming 

U of Wyoming 

English, 
Dept 3353 1000 E University Av Laramie WY 82071 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, Non-Fiction 4216 

http:// www .uwyo .edu/ creativewriting/ 

University of Wyoming. The English 
Department invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor in nonfiction to join the MFA faculty, 
appointment to begin in Fall 2009. We seek a colleague with an active 
publication record in nonfiction, who will offer graduate and undergraduate 
courses in nonfiction literature and workshops in nonfiction writing. 
We hope for a colleague whose publications might focus on any approach 
to nonfiction (lyric essay, science writing, nature writing, travel writing, 
memoir, etc.), but who in any case is actively inquiring into the nature of 
nonfiction, and whose work as a writer and teacher will complement the 
interdisciplinary interests of current faculty and students. MFA or PhD in 
creative writing or relevant field, or equivalent experience. One book or 
equivalent record of prominent national publication required. Our new 
colleague will maintain an active publication record, teach a range of 
coursework in creative writing and literature, and work closely with MFA 
students, including serving on and chairing thesis committees. Please send 
letter of application, c.v., writing sample, 3 letters of reference, and evidence 
of successful teaching to Beth Loffreda, Director, MFA in Creative 
Writing, University of Wyoming, English 
Department 3353, Laramie, 
WY 82071. Review of applications will begin November 1st, 2008. Interviews 
at MLA. The University of Wyoming is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Wyoming 

English, 
Dept 3353 1000 E University Av Laramie WY 82071 

Assistant Professor of American Literature, Nineteenth Century 4219 

http:// uwacadweb .uwyo .edu/ English/ 


University of Wyoming. The English 
Department invites applications for 
a tenure-track assistant professorship in 19th-Century 
American Literature, 
appointment to begin in the Fall 2009 semester. We seek a candidate 
with clear potential in research and publication and a demonstrated ability 
for good teaching. This position will include teaching both undergraduate 
and graduate classes, serving on and chairing thesis committees, and 
the opportunity to teach in various interdisciplinary programs. An active 
program of publication is required. The position requires Ph.D. in hand 
by August 2009. Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, 3 
letters of reference, and evidence of successful teaching to Robert Torry, 
Chair, American Literature Committee, University of Wyoming English 
Department, Box 3353, Laramie, WY 82071. Review of applicants 
will begin on November 1, 2008. We will be interviewing at MLA. The 
University of Wyoming is an Aff irmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

Ca na dia n Institutions 

McGill U 

English, 
853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A 2T6 Canada 

Cultural Studies-Assistant Professor 3638 

http:// www .mcgill .ca/en glish/ 


The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin August 1, 2009, in the area 
of Cultural Studies. We are seeking to hire in one of the following areas: 
Television Studies, First Nations Literature and Film, World Cinema, 
Early/ Silent Film, Experimental/ Avant-garde Film. Demonstrable expertise 
in more than one area will be an advantage. Some teaching experience 
is an asset. Evidence of scholarly promise is a major consideration. 

McGill’s Department of English 
brings together three different but related 
areas of studyâ€”Literature, Drama and Theatre, and Cultural 
Studiesâ€”and promotes research and teaching across specialist boundaries. 
The teaching assignment is 12 credits (4 courses) per academic year. 
Complete information about the Department’s programs and courses may 
be found on our website: http:// www .mcgill .ca/english/. 


Complete applications including a Curriculum Vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample (20–30 pages) should arrive no later 
than November 15th. Applicants who wish to receive an acknowledgement 
should include a stamped (Canadian postage please) self-addressed 
postcard. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply; however, in 
accordance with Canadian immigration requirements, priority will be 
given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada. McGill 
University is committed to equity in employment and diversity. It welcomes 
applications from indigenous peoples, visible minorities, ethnic 
minorities, persons with disabilities, women, persons of minority sexual 
orientations and gender identities and others who may contribute to further 
diversification. Please address applications to: Professor Paul Yachnin, 
Chair, Department of English, 
McGill University, 853 Sherbrooke St. W., 
Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3A 2T6. [R] 



McMaster U 

English 
& Cultural Studies, 1280 Main St W Hamilton ON L8S 4L9 
Canada 

Assistant Professor Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature & Culture 3567 

http:// www .humanities .mcmaster .ca/~en glish/ 


The Department of English 
& Cultural Studies at McMaster University 
invites applications for a tenure-track appointment in the area of 
Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature and Culture at the rank of Assistant 
Professor to commence July 1, 2009. The current minimum salary 
for an Assistant Professor is $56,941 per annum. McMaster University is a 
research-intensive university, and the Department of English 
and Cultural 
Studies has both undergraduate and graduate degree programs. The successful 
candidate will have a PhD and demonstrated excellence in teaching 
and research, with a clearly defined research progam which will result 
in publication. The successful candidate will be expected to teach at all 
levels and to contribute to all aspects of the Department’s graduate program. 
In addition, the successful candidate will be expected to participate 
in editing the journal Eighteenth-Century 
Fiction, which is housed 
at McMaster. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, together with a curriculum 
vitae, and a sample of their writing (e.g., an article or chapter of a book/ 
dissertation maximum 25 pages) to: Dr. Mary O’Connor, Chair, Department 
of English 
& Cultural Studies, McMaster University, 1280 Main 
Street West, Hamilton, Ontario L8S 4L9 

Applications received by October 31, 2008, will be assured of full consideration. 
Applicants should arrange for three letters of reference and all 
transcripts to reach the Department by the same date. All documentation 
submitted in support of your application becomes the property of the 
University and is not returnable. 

For further information on the Department of English, 
see http:// www 
.humanities .mcmaster .ca/~en glish/ 


All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canadians 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. McMaster University is 
strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to 
recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. Accordingly, the University especially 
encourages applications from women, members of visible minorities, 
Aboriginal persons, members of sexual minorities and persons with 
disabilities. [R] 

McMaster U 

English 
& Cultural Studies, 1280 Main St W Hamilton ON L8S 4L9 
Canada 

Assistant Professor Modernist Literature, Culture, and Theory 
(c.1900–1950) 3568 

The Department of English 
& Cultural Studies at McMaster University 
invites applications for a tenure-track appointment in the area of Modernist 
Literature, Culture, and Theory (c.1900–1950) at the rank of Assistant 
Professor to commence July 1, 2009. The current minimum salary for 
an Assistant Professor is $56,941.00 per annum. McMaster University is a 
research-intensive university, and the Department of English 
and Cultural 
Studies has both undergraduate and graduate degree programs. Preference 
will be given to applicants qualified to teach courses in the following 
areas: British/ Irish modernisms or comparative/ transnational modernisms 
that include British. The successful candidate will have a PhD and demonstrated 
excellence in teaching and research, with a clearly defined research 
program which will result in publication. The successful candidate 
will be expected to teach at all levels and to contribute to all aspects of 
the Departments graduate program including Cultural Studies and Critical 
Theory. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, together with a curriculum 
vitae, a sample of their writing sample (e.g., an article or chapter of a 
book/ dissertation maximum 25 pages) to: 

Dr. Mary O’Connor, Chair, Department of English 
& Cultural Studies, 
McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada 
L8S 4L9 

Applications received by October 31, 2008, will be assured of full consideration. 
Applicants should arrange for three letters of reference and all 
transcripts to reach the Department by the same date. All documentation 
submitted in support of your applications becomes the property of 
the University and is not returnable. 

For information on the Department of English 
& Cultural Studies, see: 
http:// www .humanities .mcmaster .ca/~en glish 


All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canadians 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. McMaster University is 
strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to 
recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. Accordingly, the University especially 
encourages applications from women, members of visible minorities, 
Aboriginal persons, members of sexual minorities and persons with 
disabilities. [R] 

Queen’s U 

English, 
49 Bader Lane Kingston ON K7L 3N6 CA 

Queen’s National Scholar 3699 

http:// www .queensu .ca/en glish 


The Department of English 
at Queen’s University invites applications 
from scholars with strong publishing records who wish to be nominated 
for a faculty appointment under the Queen’s National Scholar program. 
Appointments under this program are intended to enrich research and 
teaching in both new and established fields of knowledge and will be determined 
through a university-wide competition. The Department is particularly 
interested in applicants with an interdisciplinary research profile 
in one of the following areas: Shakespeare, Nineteenth-Century 
British 
Literature, Contemporary British Literature, or Diaspora and Transnational 
Literary Studies. The Department will also consider outstanding 
applications in any area of literary or cultural studies. Appointments under 
this program will be either tenured or tenure-track, though under certain 
circumstances special shorter-term appointments may be made. For 
further information, please refer to http:// www .queensu .ca/principal/ funding/ 
nationalscholar .html. 

Queen’s University is one of Canada’s 10 research-intensive universities and 
has among the highest undergraduate admissions standards in the country. 
Kingston is an historic city of 125,000 with a distinctive blend of educational 
and public institutions, industry, and recreational opportunities. It is 
within a two-and-a-half hour drive of Toronto, Montreal, and the nation’s 
capital, Ottawa. The Department of English 
at Queen’s has a distinguished 
undergraduate program, a faculty with dynamic, internationally-oriented 
research interests, and one of the foremost graduate programs in Canada. 
The academic staff at Queen’s are governed by a Collective Agreement between 
the Queen’s University Faculty Association (QUFA) and the University, 
the text of which is posted at www .qufa.ca. 

The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Queen’s 
is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and 
welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender 
identity. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian 
citizens and Permanent Residents will be given priority. A full 
application for this appointment at Queen’s should include a curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference (or a dossier from a university placement 
officer), a 5000 word writing sample, a brief statement of current and prospective 
research interests, and a statement regarding teaching experience. 
Application materials and letters of reference should be sent to Dr. Marta 
Straznicky, Head, Department of English, 
Queen’s University, Kingston, 
Ontario, K7L 3N6. Applications must be received by October 10, 2008. 
Please note that electronic applications will not be considered. [R] 



U of British Columbia 

English, 
397-1873 E Mall Vancouver BC V6T 1Z1 CA 

Assistant Professor 4414 

http:// www .english 
.ubc .ca 

The Department of English 
and the Women’s and Gender Studies Program 
at the University of British Columbia invite applications for a tenure-
track joint appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor. English 
will be the departmental home. Applicants should have a Ph.D. (or be 
near completion) in English, 
Women’s and Gender Studies, Indigenous 
Studies, or a related discipline at the time of appointment. A record of or 
clear potential for excellent research, teaching, and scholarly publications, 
as well as a documented ability to work with Aboriginal students and 
communities, is required. Areas of specialization are open, but candidates 
with expertise in Indigenous women’s literature or film from a feminist, 
cultural studies, and/or media studies perspective are particularly encouraged 
to apply. This position involves teaching in both Women’s and Gender 
Studies (an undergraduate program with a Major and Minor) and in 
English 
(a department with undergraduate and graduate programs) in the 
Faculty of Arts. These units have strong ties with the First Nations Studies 
Program and the Centre for Women’s and Gender Studies. Please see 
related UBC web sites for more information: www .english 
.ubc.ca, www. 
ws.arts .ubc.ca, and http:// fnsp .arts .ubc.ca. 

The anticipated start date for this appointment is July 1, 2009. This position 
is subject to final budgetary approval. Salary will be commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Application materials should be received 
no later than October 17, 2008. UBC hires on the basis of merit 
and is committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified persons, 
especially Indigenous scholars, to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. 

Please apply with letter of application, curriculum vitae, evidence of 
teaching effectiveness, and sample publications (if available), and arrange 
to have three confidential letters of reference (with current contact information 
for your referees) sent to: 

Dr. Dennis Danielson, Head, Department of English, 
Buchanan Tower 
397A, 1873 East Mall, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC 
V6T 1Z1, Canada 

Please contact Dr. Dennis Danielson (danielso@ interchange .ubc.ca), 
Head of English, 
or Dr. Wendy Frisby (frisby@ interchange .ubc.ca), Chair 
of Women’s and Gender Studies, for further information. [R] 

U of British Columbia 

English, 
397-1873 E Mall Vancouver BC V6T 1Z1 CA 

Assistant Professor of English 
4413 

http:// www .english 
.ubc .ca 

The Department of English 
at the University of British Columbia seeks to 
fill a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the following area: 

• Literatures in English 
since 1945 

Applicants must have a PhD (or be near completion), publications, and 
some experience teaching at the post-secondary level, and are expected to 
provide strong evidence of active and excellent research, and demonstrate 
potential for high quality teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 
The successful candidate will be expected to maintain an active program 
of research, teaching, and service. 

Positions are subject to final budgetary approval. Applicants should submit 
a letter of application, an example of their published research, a current 
CV containing full contact information, and evidence of teaching 
effectiveness. Applicants should arrange for three confidential letters of 
reference to be forwarded to Dr. Dennis Danielson, Head, Department of 
English, 
University of British Columbia, 397-1873 East Mall, Vancouver, 
BC, V6T 1Z1, Canada. Complete applications and reference letters must 
be received by 17 October 2008. Position start date: 1 July 2009. 

Please consult the Department WEB site for details on our programs, faculty, 
and activities: www .english 
.ubc.ca. 

The University of British Columbia hires on the basis of merit and is 
committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given priority. Applicants may elect to identify citizenship and immigration 
status. [R] 

U of British Columbia 

English, 
397-1873 E Mall Vancouver BC V6T 1Z1 CA 

Assistant Professor of English 
4412 

http:// www .english 
.ubc .ca 

The Department of English 
at the University of British Columbia seeks to 
fill a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the following area: 

• Literatures in English 
1789 to 1914. Ability to supervise graduate students 
in the area of poetry and/or drama would be an asset. 

Applicants must have a PhD (or be near completion), publications, and 
some experience teaching at the post-secondary level, and are expected to 
provide strong evidence of active and excellent research, and demonstrate 
potential for high quality teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 
The successful candidate will be expected to maintain an active program 
of research, teaching, and service. 

Positions are subject to final budgetary approval. Applicants should submit 
a letter of application, an example of their published research, a current 
CV containing full contact information, and evidence of teaching 
effectiveness. Applicants should arrange for three confidential letters of 
reference to be forwarded to Dr. Dennis Danielson, Head, Department of 
English, 
University of British Columbia, 397-1873 East Mall, Vancouver, 
BC, V6T 1Z1, Canada. Complete applications and reference letters must 
be received by 17 October 2008. Position start date: 1 July 2009. 

Please consult the Department WEB site for details on our programs, faculty, 
and activities: www .english 
.ubc.ca. 

The University of British Columbia hires on the basis of merit and is 
committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given priority. Applicants may elect to identify citizenship and immigration 
status. [R] 

U of British Columbia 

English, 
397-1873 E Mall Vancouver BC V6T 1Z1 CA 

Assistant Professor 4410 

http:// www .english 
.ubc .ca 

The Department of English 
at the University of British Columbia seeks to 
fill a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the following area: 

• English 
language with research and teaching interests in such fields as 
history and/or structure of English, 
critical discourse studies, genre theory, 
rhetoric, cognitive linguistics/ poetics, stylistics. The English 
Department 
at UBC offers programs in both language and literature, and seeks 
applicants who will contribute to the exchange between these areas at 
both the undergraduate and graduate levels. 

Applicants must have a PhD (or be near completion), publications, and 
some experience teaching at the post-secondary level, and are expected to 
provide strong evidence of active and excellent research, and demonstrate 
potential for high quality teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 
The successful candidate will be expected to maintain an active program 
of research, teaching, and service. 

Positions are subject to final budgetary approval. Applicants should submit 
a letter of application, an example of their published research, a current 
CV containing full contact information, and evidence of teaching 
effectiveness. Applicants should arrange for three confidential letters of 
reference to be forwarded to Dr. Dennis Danielson, Head, Department of 
English, 
University of British Columbia, 397-1873 East Mall, Vancouver, 
BC, V6T 1Z1, Canada. Complete applications and reference letters must 
be received by 17 October 2008. Position start date: 1 July 2009. 



Please consult the Department WEB site for details on our programs, faculty, 
and activities: www .english 
.ubc.ca. 

The University of British Columbia hires on the basis of merit and is 
committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified persons 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be 
given priority. Applicants may elect to identify citizenship and immigration 
status. [R] 

U of Ottawa 

English, 
70 Laurier Av E Ottawa ON K1N 6N5 CA 

Assistant Professor of Restoration and Eighteenth-Century 
Literature 3838 

http:// www .uottawa .ca/academic/ arts/ en glish/ 


The Department of English 
of the University of Ottawa invites applications 
for a tenure-track position for a specialist in Restoration and 
eighteenth-century 
literature at the rank of Assistant Professor. The appointment 
will commence on July 1st 2009. 

Qualifications will include a completed PhD and demonstrated strength in 
teaching and publication. The successful candidate will participate in undergraduate 
and graduate teaching programs as well as in other academic 
activities within the department. For more details on our programs, please 
visit: www .uottawa .ca/academic/ arts/ en glish/. 


Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience, and in accordance 
with the University’s Collective Agreement. 

Send curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing sample, and have three confidential 
letters of reference sent directly to Dr. Frans De Bruyn, Chair, 
Department of English, 
University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, 
K1N 6N5. The deadline for applications is 20 November 2008. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Equity is a University of Ottawa 
policy; women, aboriginal peoples, members of visible minorities 
and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 

The University of Ottawa is justly proud of its 150-year tradition of bilingualism. 
Through its Second Language Institute, the University provides 
training to staff members and to their spouses in their second official language. 
At the time of tenure, professors are expected to have the ability to 
function in a bilingual setting. [R] 

U of Toronto Scarborough 

Humanities, 1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Canadian Literature 3881 

http:// www .utsc .utoronto .ca/~humdiv/ index .html 

Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor in Canadian Literature, Department of Humanities, 
University of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC), to begin July 1, 2009. Candidates 
must have a Ph.D. in hand, with a specialization in Canadian Literature. 
A focus on poetry or drama would be particularly welcome. 

The department also encourages applications from scholars who engage 
with issues of multiculturalism and ethnicity, or who demonstrate an 
interest in aboriginal literature. Duties include undergraduate teaching, 
graduate teaching and supervision, and research. Applicants must demonstrate 
excellence in both research and teaching. Salary will be commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. 

The University of Toronto is a tri-campus university with a unitary Graduate 
Department of English. 
UTSC is a research-intensive faculty within 
the University of Toronto with an interdisciplinary commitment and a 
multicultural student body speaking a wide range of languages. The University 
of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. Additional information 
on the Department can be found at www .utsc .utoronto .ca/~humdiv/ 
index .html, and on the graduate Department of English 
at www .utoronto 
.ca/english. 


Applicants should apply online at www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty .htm (Internet 
Explorer and PC required; Job Number 800955). Please ensure that 
you include a letter of application, a current curriculum vitae, a writing 
sample and teaching materials. Three letters of reference should be sent 
directly to Professor William R. Bowen, Chair, Department of Humanities, 
University of Toronto Scarborough, 1265 Military Trail, Toronto 
ON, M1C 1A4, Canada. 

Reference letters and large documents may also be submitted electronically 
to CanLitSearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca. 

The closing date for applications is October 22, 2008. 

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority 
group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents of Canada 
will be given priority. 

U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English 
& Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 
1C6 CA 

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial Literature 3846 

http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/~w3eng/ 

University of Toronto Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, English. 
Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant 
Professor, Department of English 
and Drama, University of Toronto Mississauga, 
University of Toronto. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, 
with 
specialization in Postcolonial Literature. Applications are invited from 
candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research in 
that area, and who have evidence of excellence in research and teaching. 
Secondary expertise in areas with existing UTM programsâ€”Theatre, 
Drama and Performance Studies; Women and Gender Studiesâ€”would 
be especially welcome. The successful candidate will also be a member of 
the tri-campus Graduate Department of English 
(St. George, U of T Mississauga, 
and U of T Scarborough). Duties will consist of research; teaching 
undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate courses at 
the St. George campus; supervision of graduate theses. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. 

Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department 
of English 
and Drama /Room 290A, North Building /University 
of Toronto Mississauga /3359 Mississauga Road North /Mississauga, Ontario 
L5L 1C6, Canada. Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) and graduate 
transcripts sent directly to the Department as soon as possible. Include 
ONE writing sample of scholarly work of not more than 25 pages. Appointment 
commences 1 July 2009. The deadline for applications is 
14 November 2008. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in 
the world. The University also offers opportunities to work in a range of 
collaborative programs. The University of Toronto is strongly committed 
to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, 
persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups, and others 
who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English 
& Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 
1C6 CA 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature 3844 

http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/~w3eng/ 

University of Toronto Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, English. 
Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant 
Professor, Department of English 
and Drama, University of Toronto Mississauga, 
University of Toronto. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, 
with 



specialization in Victorian Literature. Applications are invited from candidates 
qualified to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research in that 
area, and who have evidence of excellence in research and teaching. Secondary 
expertise in areas with existing UTM programs—Theatre, Drama 
and Performance Studies; Women and Gender Studies—would be especially 
welcome. The successful candidate will also be a member of the 
tri-campus Graduate Department of English 
(St. George, U of T Mississauga, 
and U of T Scarborough). Duties will consist of research; teaching 
undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate courses at the 
St. George campus; supervision of graduate theses. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. 

Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department 
of English 
and Drama /Room 290A, North Building /University 
of Toronto Mississauga /3359 Mississauga Road North /Mississauga, Ontario 
L5L 1C6, Canada. Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) and graduate 
transcripts sent directly to the Department as soon as possible. Include 
ONE writing sample of scholarly work of not more than 25 pages. Appointment 
commences 1 July 2009. The deadline for applications is 
14 November 2008. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in 
the world. The University also offers opportunities to work in a range of 
collaborative programs. The University of Toronto is strongly committed 
to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, 
persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups, and others 
who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, 
PO Box 3070 Victoria BC V8W 3W1 Canada 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Indigenous Literatures 3743 

http:// en glish 
.uvic .ca/ 

The Department of English 
at the University of Victoria invites applications 
for an Assistant or Associate Professor position in the area of Indigenous 
literatures. The appointment will be effective 1 July 2009 and the 
rank of the appointment will depend upon qualifications and experience. 
Candidates should be prepared to provide evidence of research and teaching 
excellence or potential. Applicants must have a PhD or equivalent, 
proven teaching skills, and a good record of scholarly and/or creative publication. 
The ability to contribute to the Department’s Literatures of the 
West Coast MA will be an advantage. In accordance with the University’s 
Equity Plan and pursuant to Section 42 of the BC Human Rights Code, 
preference in this hiring will be given to Aboriginal Peoples. Candidates 
from this group who wish to qualify for preferential consideration are encouraged 
to self-identify. According to University of Victoria policy regarding 
preferential hirings, “Applications from persons in the targeted 
group or groups will be considered before any other applications; only if 
no qualified candidate is found in the preferred group may the committee 
proceed to other applications for the position.” Candidates are also 
encouraged to consult the Department’s equity policy. 

Letters of application, curriculum vitae including all university transcripts, 
writing sample, and confidential letters from three referees should 
be sent by 31 October 2008, to: Dr. Robert Miles, Chair, Department of 
English, 
University of Victoria, PO Box 3070 STN CSC, Victoria, BC 
V8W 3W1, Canada 

The University of Victoria is an equity employer 
and encourages applications 
from women, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, Aboriginal 
Peoples, people of all sexual orientations and genders, and others who 
may contribute to the further diversification of the University. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance with Canadian 
Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents 
will be given priority. [R] 

U of Waterloo 

Department of English 
Language and Literature, 200 University 
Avenue West Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 CA 

Associate or Full Professor of English 
Literature 3858 

http:// www .english 
.uwaterloo .ca 

The Department of English 
Language and Literature at the University 
of Waterloo invites senior scholars to apply for an open-rank, open-field 
position in English 
Literature. The Department will consider applicants 
working in all areas of literature in English 
including historical periods; 
national, diasporic, global, or digital literatures; and cultural movements, 
genres, or theories. Candidates for this position must have an outstanding 
research and publication record; having a strong record of external 
funding will be considered a significant asset. In addition to undergraduate 
programs in Literature, Literature and Rhetoric, and Rhetoric and 
Professional Writing, our Department offers innovative M.A. programs 
in Literary Studies and in Rhetoric and Communication Design, as well 
as a unique Ph.D. that integrates Literary Studies with fields of Rhetoric, 
Writing, Discourse and Text Analysis, and Digital Media Theory and Design. 
As the Department promotes an integrated research culture, secondary 
expertise in any area of rhetoric or language study will be considered 
an asset. The teaching load in English 
at Waterloo is 2 + 2, which normally 
includes one graduate course. Salary will be commensurate with 
rank and experience. Please visit our website at <http:// english 
.uwaterloo 
.ca> for more information about the Department. An appointment date of 
July 1st, 2009 is preferred. 

The successful candidate will have the opportunity to participate in the 
growth of Graduate Studies and the Humanities in the University of 
Waterloo’s Faculty of Arts. The Faculty of Arts is the largest of the six 
Faculties at the University of Waterloo. Recent initiatives include the establishment 
of the Balsillie School of International Affairs and an interdepartment 
commitment to the study and application of digital media. 
The University of Waterloo is a research-intensive public institution, with 
the largest and most successful cooperative education program in North 
America. In last year’s Macleans Magazine national rankings, Waterloo 
was named one of the top three comprehensive universities in the country 
and has ranked as the “Best Overall” university in Canada in the national 
reputational survey in 12 out of the last 15 years. The University is located 
in Waterloo, a mid-sized city one hour from Toronto and fifty minutes 
from Pearson International Airport. Consideration of applications will 
begin on November 28, 2008. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum 
vitae, and a sample of published scholarship, and arrange for three 
letters of reference to be sent to: Dr. Fraser Easton, Chair, Department 
of English 
Language and Literature, University of Waterloo, Waterloo 
ON N2L 3G1, Canada. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. 
The University of Waterloo encourages applications from all qualified 
individuals, including women, members of visible minorities, native 
peoples, and persons with disabilities. This appointment is subject to the 
availability of funds. [R] 

Oversea s Institutions 

American U in Cairo 

Human Resources, American University in Cairo New York NY 10018 

English 
as a Foreign Language 3523 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

About The American University in Cairo: 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus has moved to its new, state-of-the-art 
campus in New Cairo. AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the 
Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of 
Colleges and Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and 
the Management program is accredited by AACSB. For more information 
visit our website at www .aucegypt .edu. 



The normal teaching load is three courses per semester and English 
is the 
language of instruction. For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

English 
as a Foreign Language (ELI-1/2–09) 

Job Description: 

The English 
Language Institute anticipates one or more openings for experienced 
English 
Language Instructors to teach English 
as a foreign language 
to pre-freshmen or freshmen university students in an intensive or 
semi-intensive English 
language program. 

Requirements: 

MA in TESL/ TEFL is required. Several years of teaching experience, including 
at least two years of international experience, are normally required, 
along with EAP experience and a commitment to instructional 
improvement. Experience in curriculum and materials development, 
CALL/ instructional technology, and/or testing is highly desirable. 

Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 2008. 

Additional Information: 

Two-year initial appointment effective September 1, 2009 at the instructor 
level, with renewal dependent upon institutional needs and the appointee’s 
performance. 

Appointment will be made at Instructor level on a two-year (renewable) 
contract subject to mutual agreement will begin September 2008. Renewal 
of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or the appointee’s 
performance. 

Application Instructions: 

All applicants must submit the following documents online: a) a current 
C.V. b) a letter of interest; and c) a completed AUC Personal Information 
Form (PIF). d) please ask three referees familiar with your professional 
background to send reference letters directly to our office in New York or 
to the Office of the Provost in Cairo. 

http:// auceg y pt .inter v iewexchange .com/ candapply .jsp?JOBID=
10177&jobboard=192 

American U in Cairo 

Human Resources, American University in Cairo New York NY 10018 

Dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences 3661 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

Dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences (HDEAN-1–09) 

About The American University in Cairo: 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus has moved to its new, state-of-the-art 
campus in New Cairo. AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the 
Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of 
Colleges and Schools; for more information visit our website at www 
.aucegypt .edu. Salary is competitive, based on qualifications and professional 
experience. 

For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel for 
appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent of 
up to two children at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol 
agreement with the Egyptian government, which requires specific proportions 
of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this time 
preference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

Applications and nominations are invited for the position of Dean of the 
School of Humanities and Social Sciences. 

We are searching for a Dean who can lead, represent and administer the 
School of Humanities and Social Sciences. The Dean will be the chief 
academic officer of the school, and will provide leadership in all academic 
matters, with responsibility for coordinating, evaluating and improving 
curricula and programs, for recruiting new faculty, and for promoting excellence 
in instruction and research. 

The Dean will be the principal administrative officer of the school, with 
supervisory authority over its management and operations. The Dean will 
be administratively responsible to the Provost, and through the Provost, 
to the President. The Dean will be a member of the Provost’s Council and 
an ex-officio voting member of the University Senate. 

The Dean will be the representative of the faculty of the school, with the 
authority and responsibility to represent their views and to promote their 
best interests as an academic entity. The Dean will have the general responsibility 
to communicate the views and positions of the school faculty 
to the administration and those of the administration to the school faculty. 
The Dean will represent the school to other divisions of the university as 
well as to external publics. 

As the chief personnel officer of the school, the Dean will review all departmental 
recommendations related to such issues as new appointments, 
re-appointments, performance evaluations, salary changes, merit, terminations 
of contracts, leaves of absence, tenure and promotion. The Dean 
will be responsible for forwarding personnel recommendations to the 
Provost. 

As the chief fiscal officer of the school, the Dean will be responsible for 
the effective and efficient use of budgetary resources. The Dean will determine 
resource priorities in accordance with long-range plans and be 
responsible for the preparation of the school’s budget. 

Requirements: 

The candidate must have a Ph.D. in a discipline in the Humanities or 
Social Sciences and at least ten years of experience in an academic institution. 
Ability of the candidate (and family) to live and work in Egypt is 
important. 

Additional Information: 

Review of applications will start September 1, 2008 and the position is 
opened until filled. 

Appointment will start September 1, 2009. 

Application Instructions: 

All applicants must submit the following documents via the online system 
a) an updated C.V b) a letter of interest; c) names and contact information 
for at least three references familiar with your professional background; d) 
a completed AUC Personal Information Form (PIF). 

http:// auceg y pt .inter v iewexchange .com/ candapply .jsp?JOBID=
10445&jobboard=192 

American U in Cairo 

Human Resources, American University in Cairo New York NY 10018 

Rhetoric and Composition 3526 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

About The American University in Cairo: 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus has moved to its new, state-of-the-art 
campus in New Cairo. AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the 
Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of 
Colleges and Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and 
the Management program is accredited by AACSB. For more information 
visit our website at www .aucegypt .edu. 

The normal teaching load is three courses per semester and English 
is the 
language of instruction. For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

Rhetoric and Composition (RHET-1/3–09) 

Job Description: 



The Department of Rhetoric and Composition invites applications for 
experienced composition and rhetoric instructors to teach writing, rhetoric, 
and research. The successful candidates will teach three courses per 
semester (approximately fourteen students per section) for freshmen and 
at advanced levels in the areas of constructive analysis, integrated writing 
(argument), research writing, and/or technical and business writing. The 
position also provides exciting opportunities for curriculum design and 
development within a department whose 42 instructors work in a very 
collegial environment. 

The department is hiring at both the instructor and assistant professor 
level. All applicants should be familiar with the core principles of a liberal 
arts education. 

Requirements: 

For instructor rank, a MA in Composition, Literature, or a related field 
within the humanities is required and at least one year of teaching writing 
is preferred. MFA’s with teaching experience relevant to rhetoric and 
composition are also strongly urged to apply. 

For assistant professor rank, the successful candidate must have a Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric and Composition, English, 
or a related field in the humanities, 
and at least one year of experience teaching rhetoric/ composition. Candidates 
should demonstrate evidence of an active research and publication 
agenda, interest in curriculum design/ development, and a willingness to 
take a leadership position in the department. Experience with information 
technology, assessment, and/or business/ technical writing is a plus. 
Emphasis is placed on excellence in teaching as well as on research. 

All applicants should be familiar with the core principles of a liberal arts 
education. Experience teaching abroad is a plus but not required for consideration. 


Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 2008. 

Additional Information: 

Two-year initial appointment effective September 1, 2009 at the instructor 
or professorial level, with renewal dependent upon institutional needs 
and/or the appointee’s performance. Professorial-rank appointments are 
tenure-track. 

All applicants must submit the following documents via online. 

a) an updated C.V; b) a letter of interest; c) a completed AUC Personal 
Information Form (PIF). d) ask three referees familiar with your professional 
background to send reference letters directly to the AUC New York 
Office or the Office of the Provost in Cairo; and e) place a writing sample 
on the online application. 

http:// auceg y pt .inter v iewexchange .com/ candapply .jsp?JOBID=
10080&jobboard=192 

American U in Cairo 

Human Resources, American University in Cairo New York NY 10018 

TEFL/ Applied Linguistics 3525 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

About The American University in Cairo: 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus has moved to its new, state-of-the-art 
campus in New Cairo. AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the 
Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of 
Colleges and Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and 
the Management program is accredited by AACSB. For more information 
visit our website at www .aucegypt .edu. 

The normal teaching load is three courses per semester and English 
is the 
language of instruction. For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

TEFL/ Applied Linguistics (TEFL-1–09) 

Job Description: 

The MA in TEFL Program anticipates an opening for a TEFL/ Applied 
Linguistics specialist to teach and do research in the program. Specialization 
is sought in one or more of the following areas: language assessment, 
research methodology, pedagogical grammar, teaching reading, teaching 
writing, teaching young learners, sociolinguistics, pragmatics, and/or discourse 
analysis. Experience teaching in an MA TESL/ TEFL program is 
strongly desirable and experience or interest in community based learning 
and/or online learning and teaching online would also be an asset. The 
position primarily involves teaching in the MA in TEFL program and supervising 
theses. 

Requirements: 

Ph.D. or Ed. D. in Applied Linguistics, TESL/ TEFL or a related field by 
September 1, 2009, is required. An active research agenda is expected. 

Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 2008. 

Additional Information: 

Two-or three-year initial appointment effective September 1, 2009 on 
tenure track, with renewal dependent upon institutional needs and the 
appointee’s performance. 

Application Instructions: 

All applicants must submit the following documents via online. a) an 
updated C.V; b) a letter of interest; c) a completed AUC Personal Information 
Form (PIF). d) ask three referees familiar with your professional 
background to send reference letters directly to the AUC New York Office 
or the Office of the Provost in Cairo; and e) place a writing sample on 
the online application. Note: Please remember your account login enables 
you to respond to AUC additional questions (if required). 

http:// auceg y pt .inter v iewexchange .com/ candapply .jsp?JOBID=
10082&jobboard=192 

Central European U 

Human Resources, Nador, u.9 Budapest H-1051 Hungary 

Faculty Position: Specialization in Sexualities and Theory 3859 

http:// www .ceu.hu 

The Department of Gender Studies at Central European University seeks 
to hire a faculty member (rank open) in the area of Sexualities and Theory. 
Applicants’ field of specialization should include some of the following: 
queer theory; masculinities; visual theory; film; psychoanalytic theory; 
feminist theory; and/or social theory. This position includes teaching at 
the MA and Ph.D. levels, as well as MA thesis and dissertation supervision. 
. We seek candidates capable of teaching and conducting research in 
English 
with ease, who have an active, interdisciplinary research agenda 
and promise of research and teaching effectiveness appropriate with their 
rank. Applicants must have a Ph.D. by August 2009. 

Applications should include a cover letter; curriculum vitae; a sample of 
scholarly writing (in English); 
and two letters of recommendation. 

Located in the European capital city of Budapest, the CEU Gender Studies 
Department offers MA and Ph.D. degrees only; the language of instruction 
is English. 
Full time teaching load is typically 2/2. For more 
information about the department, please visit our website at: http:// www 
.gend .ceu.hu/ 

Please send applications to Erika Belko, Human Resources Office, Central 
European University, H-1051 Budapest, NÃ¡dor u. 9., Hungary (Fax: + 
36 (1) 235-6135, e-mail: ceu-hro@ ceu.hu). We will begin reviewing applications 
on September 30, 2008 and continue until the position is filled. 
CEU is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 



International Baccalaureate 

Examiner Training and Recruitment, Peterson House Malthouse 
Avenue Cardiff CF23 Wales 

Assistant Examiner 3796 

http:// www .ibo .org/ examiners/ 

The International Baccalaureate (IB) is a recognized leader in the field of 
international education. Founded in 1968, the IB currently works with 
2,363 schools in 128 countries to develop and offer three programmes to 
more than 637,000 students aged 3 to 19 years. As a consequence of continued 
growth the IB is seeking applications from professional educators 
worldwide to become assistant examiners. Becoming an examiner will 
help your professional development; you will receive invaluable training 
preparing you for your new role, learn from our senior examiners and 
gain an insight into the IB assessment process. We are currently recruiting 
examiners in most language subjects including English, 
Spanish, German 
and Chinese for the May 2009 examination session. We also welcome applications 
in other subjects especially those highlighted on our website. 
All applicants must have an email address and access to the Internet in 
an environment suitable for marking examination material. Reference: 
PMLA-JIL1 

U of Cape Town 

Staff Recruitment & Selection, Rondebosch 7700 South Africa 

Lecturers, Department of English 
Language & Literature 3924 

http://hr.uct.ac.za/policies/ee.php 

We invite applications for two posts, for appointment as soon as possible. 

The first post is in American Literary Studies in the 19th & 20th Centuries, 
with particular emphasis on the novel and poetry. For the second post we 
seek expertise in Metropolitan Literature of the 19th & 20th Centuries. 
It would be an advantage if candidates for these posts have experience in 
teaching World Literature and/or Shakespeare and the Renaissance period. 

Appointment requires: • a doctorate (or one nearing completion) in Literary 
Studies • a publication record or evidence of work in progress towards 
publication • experience in teaching undergraduates at university level • 
the ability to supervise Master’s and PhD students. 

Responsibilities include: • teaching at both undergraduate and postgraduate 
levels • contributing to the Department’s research and publication output 
• contributing to departmental administration. 

The annual remuneration packages, including benefits for 2008, are as 
follows: • Lecturer–R304 790 • Lecturer (entry level)–R274 311. 

The level of appointment will depend on the qualifications and experience 
of the appointee. 

Please send: • a letter of motivation • your full CV (no certificates) • a 
one-page summary of your CV • the names, e-mail and telephone details 
of three contactable referees to: Mrs R. Daniels (Ref: 1778-MLA), Staff 
Recruitment & Selection, University of Cape Town, Rondebosch,South 
Africa 7700, by 30 September 2008 • tel. + 27 21 650 2220 • e-mail: 
Roslyn .Daniels@ uct.ac.za. 

UCT is committed to the pursuit of excellence, diversity and redress. 
Our Employment Equity Policy is available at http://hr.uct.ac.za/policies/ 
ee.php. 

U of York 

English 
and Related Studies, York North Yorkshire YO10 5DD UK 

Lectureship in Medieval Literature 3922 

http:// www .york.ac.uk 

Applications are invited from candidates with strong research and teaching 
interests in the medieval literature of the 12th to 14th centuries (English 
or other European literatures). You will be expected to take a leading role 
in teaching high medieval English 
literature at undergraduate level and to 
teach and supervise MA and MPhil/ PhD students, especially in 12th-13th 
century literature. 

You will become an active member of the Centre for Medieval Studies, 
involved in interdisciplinary MA teaching and MPhil/ PhD supervision. 
Specialism in 12–13th centuries preferred, but 14th century expertise, 
combined with the ability to fulfil 12–13th century teaching commitments, 
will also be considered. 

The post is available from 1 January 2009, or as soon as possible thereafter. 
Salary will be within the range £34,624-£42,583 per annum. 

Closing date for applications: 12.00 noon (GMT) on Friday, 24 October 
2008. 

Further particulars and details of how to apply are available at: http:// 
www .york.ac.uk/jobs. [R] 

Postdoc tora l Listing s 

American Academy of Arts & Sciences 

Visiting Scholars Progam, 136 Irving Street 136 Irving Street 
Cambridge MA 02138 

Visting Scholars Program 3830 

http:// www .amacad .org 

The American Academy of Arts & Sciences, an international learned society 
located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, invites application for its 2009– 
2010 scholar-in-residence program. Preference will be given to untenured 
junior faculty, but qualified post-doctoral scholars are also urged to apply. 

The Academy seeks proposals that relate to its research areas: Science & 
Global Security, Social Policy & American Institutions, Humanities & 
Culture, and Education. Projects that address American cultural, social, 
or political issues from the founding period to the present are welcome, as 
are studies that examine developments in public policy. Candidates should 
consider the relationship of their work to archival, library, and other intellectual 
resources in the Boston area 

Brown U 

Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women, Box 1958 
Providence RI 02912 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 3551 

http:// www .pembrokecenter .org/ research/ UpcomingSeminar .html 

The Pembroke Center at Brown University announces residential postdoctoral 
fellowships for 2009–2010. Fellows participate in a weekly research 
seminar, pursue individual research, and teach one course. The 
research topic is “Markets and Bodies in Transnational Perspective.” The 
seminar will explore the commodification and policing of bodies and their 
simultaneous recruitment and rejection in international labor migration 
and global biotechnological regimes as markets lead the law and international 
norms. Candidates are selected on the basis of their scholarly potential 
and the relevance of their work to the research theme. Recipients 
must have a PhD and may not hold a tenured position. Brown University 
is an EEO/AA employer. 
The Center strongly encourages underrepresented 
minority scholars to apply. Term of appointment: September 1, 
2009-May 31, 2010. Stipend: $50,000 plus health insurance supplement, 
unless otherwise covered. See www .pembrokecenter .org for full description 
and application forms. Application deadline: December 10, 2008. Selections 
announced in February. 

Connecticut C 

English, 
270 Mohegan Av, Box 5593 New London CT 06320 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Race and Ethnicity 4138 

http:// www .conncoll .edu 

The Center for Comparative Study of Race and Ethnicity (CCSRE) 
at Connecticut College has an opening for a postdoctoral fellow who 



specializes in race and ethnicity. This is a two-year appointment, commencing 
fall 2009, that emphasizes both teaching and scholarship. The 
fellowship is one of five, each located in an interdisciplinary academic 
center, supported by a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. 

The CCSRE is Connecticut College’s central institution dedicated to supporting 
research and teaching on race and ethnicity across all disciplines. 
By focusing on comparative race and ethnic studies, the CCSRE recognizes 
the multiple social, historical, cultural, religious, and political contexts 
that have shaped the construction of racial and ethnic groups. The 
Center is seeking a postdoctoral fellow trained in a field within the humanities, 
social sciences, or the arts with expertise in race and ethnicity. 

The CCSRE Mellon fellow will teach two courses per year: one a midlevel 
course on race; the other, a capstone course on a topic like race and 
the arts or affirmative action. He or she will work with the Center Director 
in building collaborative curricular initiatives across the college. Fellows 
will have extensive opportunities and support to pursue their own 
research program and may also work closely with a faculty member on 
joint research. 

The salary is $53,500 per year, plus benefits and some support for equipment, 
professional travel, and research and moving expenses. 

Applicants should submit the following: o Letter of intent/ application o 
Current curriculum vitae o Three letters of recommendation addressing 
teaching, scholarship, and/or creative work o Sample course syllabi 
o Short writing sample or creative work sample (preferably a stand-alone 
example such as a scholarly essay or dissertation chapter, no more than 30 
pages in length) 

Application materials should be sent to Suf ia Mendez Uddin, Interim 
Director/ The Center for Comparative Study of Race and Ethnicity/ 
Connecticut College/270 Mohegan Avenue/ New London CT 06320. 
Applications received by November 15, 2008 will receive full consideration. 
Connecticut College is actively building a faculty of diverse backgrounds 
and experiences. AA/EEO. Please visit our website, http:// www 
.conncoll .edu, for more information about Connecticut College and the 
Mellon Fellows Program. See especially our Employment and Faculty 
Searches pages. 

Duke U 

Thompson Writing Program, Box 90025, 115 Art Bldg Durham NC 
27708 

Lecturing Fellows 4295 

http:// uwp .duke .edu 

Thompson Writing Program 

We anticipate offering several postdoctoral fellowships on an interdisciplinary 
faculty charged with teaching an innovative first-year course in 
Academic Writing. We seek candidates with a PhD in any f ield and a 
demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching. Fellows are asked 
to draw on their disciplinary training and interests to design a seminarstyle 
course introducing students to academic writing. To apply, please 
send a CV, a letter in which you discuss your aims in teaching Academic 
Writing, and a brief proposal for a writing seminar modeled on the course 
synopses posted at http:// uwp .duke .edu/ courses/ writing20/. We may subsequently 
ask you to provide other supporting materials, including a more 
detailed course outline, teaching materials, and letters of reference. Appointment 
is at the level of Lecturing Fellow (non-tenure-track), starting 
July 1, 2009. Teaching load is five sections of Academic Writing per year, 
with each section limited to 12 students. Starting salary in 2009–2010 will 
be $41,000, with strong opportunities for professional development. Contract 
is for an initial three years, renewable after successful review for two 
more years. Deadline for applications is Friday, October 31, 2008. Please 
use our online application form at http:// uwp .duke .edu/ fellowships/to 
send us your CV and materials. If you are unable to apply online, you 
may mail hard copies to Joseph Harris, Chair, Fellows Search, Thompson 
Writing Program, Duke University, Box 90025, Durham, NC 27708- 
0025. Duke is an Aff irmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Princeton U 

Society of Fellows in the Liberal Arts, 10 Joseph Henry House 
Princeton NJ 08544 

Fellow /Lecturer 4386 

http:// www .princeton .edu/ ~sf 

The Princeton University Society of Fellows in the Liberal Arts invites 
applications for three-year postdoctoral fellowships 2009–2012 for recent 
PhDs ( January 2006-June 2009) in humanities or social sciences. FOUR 
appointments to pursue research and teach half-time include: Open discipline 
(two fellowships); Humanistic Studies; East Asian Humanities. 
Annual stipend: approximately $69,500. Application deadline: October 1, 
2008. For details, see website www .princeton .edu/ ~sf [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

Office of the Dean of Humanities, 2300 Murphy Hall Los Angeles 
CA 90095 

UCLA–Postdoctoral Fellowship: Digital Cultural Mapping 4079 

http:// www .idre .ucla .edu/ hasis/ keck 

UCLA–Postdoctoral Fellowship for the W.M. Keck Foundation Undergraduate 
Program in Digital Cultural Mapping 

The Division of Humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
will appoint one Postdoctoral Fellow for the W.M. Keck Foundation 
Undergraduate Program in Digital Cultural Mapping for a one-year term 
beginning in the Fall of 2008, with the intent of extending the appointment 
for up to two additional years. The Fellow must have earned a doctoral 
degree no earlier than June 2003 and no later than June 2008. The 
postdoctoral appointment provides $50,000 per annum as combined fellowship 
and instructional pay prior to tax withholding, as well as standard 
fringe benefits, a one-time moving allowance of up to $1,500 and 
a research budget of $1,000. The main task of the Postdoctoral Fellow 
will be to coordinate and teach in the W.M. Keck Undergraduate Program 
of Digital Cultural Mapping. The postdoctoral fellow will be appointed 
in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures, the 
home department of the principal investigator of the Keck Foundation 
grant. Applicants should have demonstrable excellent communication and 
organizational skills, an ability to work independently and prioritize assignments, 
have experience working in a team and developing digital educational 
materials. Candidates with experience in grant/ report writing, 
proposal preparation, and the use of Geographic Information Systems are 
preferred. For more information, please visit: http:// www .idre .ucla .edu/ 
hasis/ keck. 

Applicants should send an application letter and a CV, as well as three 
names of persons who are willing to provide recommendations, by September 
30, 2008 to: Kathryn Roberts, Assistant to the Dean of the Humanities 
at kroberts@ college .ucla .edu. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

U of Chicago 

The College, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637 

Collegiate Assistant Professor 3679 

http:// www .uchicago .edu 

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows 

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows is now accepting applications 
for several four-year postdoctoral teaching appointments as Harper 
and Schmidt Fellows who hold the rank of Collegiate Assistant Professors 
in the Humanities Collegiate Division. The Fellows are members of the 
College Faculty whose primary responsibility is to teach in the general 
education program. In most years, Fellows teach two courses (usually of 
identical preparation) for each of three quarters. Each Fellow also has the 
opportunity to design an independent course and each is eligible for one 
quarter of research sabbatical in the third year of residence. The Fellow



ships are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization who 
will have completed all requirements for their Ph.D. degree no later than 
August 31, 2009. The annual salary for 2009–2010 will be $53,000. The 
effective date for these teaching appointments is September 1, 2009. 

To apply for these positions, please see our web site at http:// fellows .uchicago 
.edu 

Applications must be received by Monday, November 3, 2008. 

AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION, EQUAL OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER 


U of Texas, Austin 

Department of English, 
Parlin Hall 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin 
TX 78712 

Post-Doctoral Fellow 3761 

http:// facultyjobs .utexas .edu 

Department of English, 
University of Texas at Austin: Two one-year 
Post-Doctoral Fellowships ($48,000 a year plus benefits and $2,000 moving 
expenses). Field is open and strongest candidates will be appointed regardless 
of specialization; Renaissance applicants nevertheless particularly 
encouraged. The successful candidates will demonstrate a compelling reason 
to engage in postdoctoral teaching and research at the University of 
Texas, such as a commitment to the teaching mission at a large public 
institution, a scholarly orientation that will benefit from the University’s 
distinguished archival collections, or enthusiasm for participating in programs 
like the Texas Humanities Institute. This position is subject to final 
funding approval. 

Annual Teaching Load: 1:1. One upper-division English 
course each 
semester. 


Applications should be POSTMARKED by December 1, 2008. Please 
send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
dissertation abstract, and brief description of current research 
agenda to Postdoctoral Search, English 
Department, University of Texas, 
1 University Station B5000, Austin, TX, 78712. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Western Civilization, 1 University Station C4100 Austin TX 78712 

Western Civilization Post-Doctoral Faculty Fellowships 3788 

http:// www .utexas .edu/ cola/ progs/ westernciv/ 

The Program in Western Civilization at The University of Texas at Austin 
invites applications for three post-doctoral fellowships. Fellows will be 
appointed Post-Doctoral Research Associate for one academic year, performing 
a combination of scholarship and instruction. Fellows will assist 
in the preparation and teaching of Great Books seminars. 

Applicants may come from a variety of backgrounds, including political science, 
classics, philosophy, history, English 
and/or other social sciences and 
humanities disciplines. Candidates are selected on the basis of their scholarly 
potential, skill and interest in teaching great texts in the Western tradition. 
Recipients must have a Ph.D. and may not hold a tenured position. 

The initial term of appointment is August 26, 2009-May 31, 2010. The 
stipend is $37,500, plus a supplement for health insurance, unless otherwise 
covered. For application forms contact please go to website, www 
.utexas .edu/ cola/ progs/ westernciv/. The deadline for applications is December 
1, 2008. Selections will be announced in March. 

Please send: a CV, a letter explaining research interests and plans for research 
and writing during your tenure with the Committee, a statement 
of your interest in teaching the Great Books in a multi-disciplinary setting, 
evidence of excellence in undergraduate teaching, and a research 
paper or other suitable evidence of scholarship. Three letters of reference, 
in sealed envelopes, should be enclosed within the application. All materials 
may be sent to: 

Western Civilization & American Institutions, The University of Texas, 
Austin, 1 University Station, C4100, Austin, Texas 78712, Attn: Postdoctoral 
Search 

For add itiona l in formation please e-mai l Rob Koons, Director, 
westernciv@ 
austin .utexas .edu, or see our Web site at www .utexas .edu/ 
cola/ progs/ westernciv/ 

Valparaiso U 

LIlly Fellows Program, 1401 Linwood House Valparaiso IN 46383 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 3808 

http:// lillyfellows .org 

We offer three two-year residential postdoctoral teaching fellowships 
in the areas of Humanities and the Arts for 2009–2011 for scholars seriously 
considering academic vocations in church related institutions. Ph.D, 
D.M.A., D.F.A., M.F.A., or equivalent terminal degree must have been 
received within 20 months up to and including August 2009. Fellows will 
teach seven courses over a two year period; engage in scholarship or creative 
work; participate in a two year colloquium; work with a VU faculty 
mentor; and interact with representatives from a national network of 
church related institutions. Faculty privileges; $45,000 stipend per year 
plus benefits, moving allowance, professional fund. For more information, 
contact the Lilly Fellows Program at 219-464-5317; or visit www 
.lillyfellows 
.org. Application deadline: December 16, 2008. EOA/AA 

Washington U 

English, 
1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Modeling Interdisciplinary Inquiry: A Postdoctoral Program in the 
Humanities and Social Sciences 3704 

http:// www .artsci .wustl .edu/ ~szwicker/ mellonpostdoc 

Washington University announces the ninth year of Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry, an Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship 
Program designed to encourage interdisciplinary scholarship and 
teaching across the humanities and social sciences. We invite applications 
from recent Ph.D.s for the position as Fellow. In September 2009, the 
selected Fellow will join our continuing Fellows in order to participate 
in the University’s ongoing interdisciplinary programs and seminar. The 
Fellows will receive a two year appointment with a stipend beginning at 
$44,450 per year. Postdoctoral Fellows have an opportunity to plan and 
pursue their own continuing research in association with a senior faculty 
member at Washington University, and, over the course of their two-year 
appointment, to teach three undergraduate courses in the home discipline 
and to collaborate in an interdisciplinary theory and methods workshop. 

There is no application form, but further information on Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry is available on the web at http:// www .artsci .wustl 
.edu/ ~szwicker/ mellonpostdoc/. Applicants should submit a cover letter, 
a description of their research program (no more than three single-spaced 
pages), a brief proposal for the seminar in theory and methods, a curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of recommendation. All materials must be 
submitted in paper copy. 

Submit materials by December 1, 2008, to Steven Zwicker (szwicker@ 
artsci .wustl .edu) Department of English 
Washington University, Campus 
Box 1122 One Brookings Drive, St. Louis MO 63130 Washington University 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Employment 
eligibility verification requested upon hire. [R] 



