MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION 
J 
JJ
OB 
I 
II
NFORMATION 
L 
LL
IST 
Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 
CONTENTS 
Accessing the Electronic JIL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . inside front cover 
Information for Candidates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i 
List of Administrations Censured by the AAUP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ii 
Departmental Job Listings 
US Colleges and Universities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 
Overseas Institutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12 
Comparative Literature . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12 
Linguistics and ESL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 
Department Chairs/Deanships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION 
The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The cost of 
an online-only subscription is $38. The cost of a print-only subscription is $50 in the United States and Canada and 
$70 elsewhere. The cost of a subscription to both online and print versions is $70 in the United States and Canada and 
$90 elsewhere. The List is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all 
other areas. This April List is the last regularly scheduled issue for 2004–05; however, a special Summer Supplement 
containing last-minute notices of vacancies will be mailed to all 2004–05 subscribers (both full-year and half-year) on 
20 June. Renewal forms for 2005–06 will be included in the supplement. 
Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 


ACCESSING THE ELECTRONIC JIL 

An online version of the Job Information List is available for searching by individuals who have subscribed 
to the electronic JIL as well as by job seekers in ADE- and ADFL-member departments. A 
user name and password are required to search the database. To find your user name 
and password, follow these directions: 

If you are an individual subscriber: If you already have a user name and password, use them. If you 
do not, you may retrieve them online at the MLA Web site (www.mla.org). Follow the link to the 
JIL page and click on the appropriate “Search” button; when the password prompt appears, scroll 
down and enter your e-mail address in the appropriate box and click “E-mail me.” Your user 
name and password will be sent to the e-mail address that you specified when you subscribed. You 
have the option to change your user name and password whenever you choose by logging in at 
the JIL page and then clicking the “Subscriber Information” button at the top of the search form 
and following the instructions for changing your user name and password. 

If you are a job seeker in an ADE- or ADFL-member department: Graduate students and faculty 
members in departments that are current paid members of ADE or ADFL have access to the online 
JIL as a benefit of their department’s ADE or ADFL membership. You must access the JIL through 
the ADE or ADFL home pages (www.ade.org; www.adfl.org). Information on how to access the 
online JIL on this basis is available from your department chair. 


INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES 


In This Issue 

The April issue contains notices describing approximately 70 definite and possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies and notices from 
departments that expect no vacancies but would nevertheless like to 
keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this time. Send 
letters only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your 
qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies are expected but that 
the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main body 
of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to any 
department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita sheet 
to enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter of 
application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed 
at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide 
a convenient opportunity for such interviews. 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys indicate that 
only about half of all English and foreign language departments have 
begun recruiting by the end of December and that the majority of departments 
do not complete the recruiting process until spring, in some 
cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives infor m candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices in their 
departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, candidates 
are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications for announced positions either 
by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive Council 
in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

• Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for the cost 
of such shipment; and 
• Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their wr iting samples and other 
materials; and 
• Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 
• Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


LIST OF ADMINISTRATIONS CENSURED 


BY THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a past 
violation, they are not observing the generally recognized pr inciples of academic 
freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of infor ming Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s 
Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure is 
visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 

does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Association, 
nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. 
Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not 
assert that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge 
that, before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office 
and prospective departmental colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. 
Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in 
parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee 
A,” each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1963 
Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1969 
Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1975 
Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . . . . . . . . . 1976 
University of Osteopathic Medicine and Health Sciences (Iowa) 

(April 1977, 82–87) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1977 
State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1978 
Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . . . . . 1978 
Wingate College (North Carolina) (May 1979, 251–56) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1979 
Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1980 
Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186 –95) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1982 
American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 

42–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1983 
Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 

23a–32a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1984 
Westminster College of Salt Lake City (November-December 1984, 

1a–10a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1985 
Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1986 
Southern Nazarene University (Oklahoma) (November-December 1986, 

7a–11a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . . . . 1987 
Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Maryland Institute, College of Art (May-June 1988, 49–54) . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 

(May-June 1989, 35–45) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . . . 1990 
Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46 –53) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1993 
North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54 –64) . . . . . 1993 
Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . . . . . . . . . 1993 
University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Nyack College (New York) (September-October 1994, 73–79) . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Essex Community College (Maryland) (May-June 1995, 40 –50) . . . . . . . . 1995 
St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . . . . . . 1996 
National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 

41–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1996 
Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . . 1997 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . . . . . . . 1997 
Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . . . . . . . . 1998 
Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . . . . 1999 
Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut) 

(January-February 2000, 54–63 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2000 
Charleston Southern University (January-February 2001, 63–77) . . . . . . . .2001 
University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Tiffin University (Ohio) (January-February 2002, 53–63) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Philander Smith College (Arkansas) (January-February 2004, 57–68) . . . . . 2004 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


April 2005 

DEPARTMENTAL JOB LISTINGS 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

ALABAMA 
Jacksonville SU 

English, 700 Pelham Rd N Jacksonville AL 36265 

Instructor 2357 

http://www.jsu.edu 
Duties:Responsible for teaching speech, composition, and literature according to 
department practice and policy. Qualifications: MA in English or MSEd with 18 
graduate hours in English. Rank and salary are contingent upon qualifications, 
experience, and needs of university. Send application (available on our web site at 
www.jsu.edu), resume, copies of transcripts, and names/addresses/phone numbers 
of at least three references to Jacksonville State University, Human Resources, 
700 Pelham Road North, Jacksonville, AL 36265. Applicants selected 
for an interview will be required to supply official transcripts and current letters 
of reference. Minority appliants are encouraged to apply. Rerence number 
21087. An EO/AA Employer. [R] 

Jacksonville SU 

English, 700 Pelham Rd N Jacksonville AL 36265 

Assistant professor of English 2356 

http://www.jsu.edu 
Duties: Responsible for teaching speech, composition, and literature according 
to department practice and policy. Qualifications: Ph.D., Generalist. Rank and 
salary are contingent upon qualifications, experience, and needs of university. In 
the event this tenure-track position is not filled as tenure-track, applicants may be 
considered for a temporary or visiting position for one year. Send application 
(available on our web site at www. jsu.edu), resume, copies of transcripts, and 
names/addresses/phone numbers of at least three references to Jacksonville State 
University, Human Resources, 700 Pelham Road North, Jacksonville, AL 
36265. Applicants selected for an interview will be required to supply official 
transcripts and current letters of reference. Minority applicants are encouraged to 
apply. Reference number 21086. An EO/AA Employer. [R] 

Jacksonville SU 

English, 700 Pelham Rd N Jacksonville AL 36265 

Assistant professor of English 2337 

http://www.jsu.edu 
Duties: Responsible for teaching speech, composition, and literature according 
to department practice and policy. Qualifications: Ph.D. with a specialization in 
Restoration and 18th-century English literature. Rank and salary contingent 
upon qualifications, experience, and needs of university. Preference may be given 
to candidates knowledgeable about teaching online. If this tenure-track position 

is not filled as tenure-track, applicants may be considered for a temporary or visiting 
position for one year. Send application (available on our web site at www 
.jsu.edu), resume, copies of transcripts, and names/addresses/phone numbers of 
at least three references to Jacksonville State University, Human Resources, 700 
Pelham Road North, Jacksonville, AL 36265. Applicants selected for an interview 
will be required to supply official transcripts and current letters of reference. 
Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. Reference number 20040. An 
EO/AA Employer. [R] 

U of North Alabama 

English, Box 5050 Florence AL 35632 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.una.edu 
The University of North Alabama is accepting applications for the position of 
tenure-track Assistant Professor in the Department of English starting August 
2005. Teaching assignments range from first-year composition (which all 
faculty teach) to advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in Rhetoric and 
Composition. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition required. The successful candidate 
is expected to demonstrate excellence in teaching, develop and maintain 
an active program of research, and participate in college service and student advising. 
Classroom teaching experience and willingness to develop and teach possible 
online classes are desired. Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, statement 
of research and teaching interests, graduate and undergraduate transcripts (official 
transcripts needed before hiring) and three letters of reference to: Director of 

Human Resources and Affirmative Action, UNA Box 5043, University of 
North Alabama, Florence, AL 35632-0001. 
Review of applications will begin immediately. Visit our web site at www.una 

.edu/English/. UNA is an equal opportunity employer committed to achieving 
excellence and strength through diversity. UNA seeks a wide range of applicants 
for this position so that one of our core values, ethnic and cultural diversity, will 
be affirmed [R] 

ARKANSAS 
Williams Baptist C 

English & Span, Box 3357 Walnut Ridge AR 72476 

Assistant or Associate Prof. 

http://www.wbcoll.edu 
Williams Baptist College invites application for a tenure-track 
English position, beginning with the fall semester, 2005. Duties will include 

teaching general education students and English majors and minors, plus advising, 
and participation in campus-wide activities. Williams offers both a Bachelor 
of Arts and a Bachelor of Science in English Education degree. WBC is a Christian 
liberal arts college, accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and by 
NCATE. Qualifications: Ph.D. or ABD. Applicants should send vita and three 
references to: Professor Jerry Gibbens, Williams Baptist College, P.O. Box 3357, 
Walnut Ridge, AR 72476 e-mail: jgibbens@wbcoll.edu. Telephone: (870) 7594153. 
[R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


CALIFORNIA 
Allan Hancock C 

Lang Arts, 800 S College Dr Santa Maria CA 93454 

English Instructor 2509 

http://www.hancockcollege.edu 
English Instructor 
Position: 2316-f-02–5 
Closing Date: April 5, 2005 
Beginning August 12, 2005 
Full-time, Tenure-track Position 
College of the Sequoias 915 S. Mooney Blvd.Visalia, CA 93277-2214 (559) 


730-3776 e-mail: hrs@cos.edu WEB: www.cos.edu 
Description of Position: College of the Sequoias is seeking a candidate for a full-
time, tenure-track English position which begins August 12, 2005. Duties include 
teaching classes in all levels of composition, literature, critical thinking and 
developmental reading, writing and study skills. Evening classes, weekend classes 
and teaching at off-campus centers in nearby communities may be required. Participation 
in the governance of the College by way of committee assignments is 
encouraged. Other responsibilities include maintenance of the required number 
of office hours to meet student needs, full participation in departmental responsi


bilities and the willingness to participate in and sustain an atmosphere of equality 
which is respectful of diversity campus-wide. 
Minimum Qualifications 
The candidate must meet one of the following criteria. The degree must gener


ally be from an institution accredited by the Western Association of Schools and 


Colleges or the equivalent. 
Master's in English, composition, comparative literature, or literature or Bachelor's 
in any of the above AND Master's in linguistics, TESL, speech, education 
with specialization in reading, creative writing, or journalism or the equivalent. 


Candidates claiming equivalency must demonstrate a combination of education 
and other accomplishments that are equivalent to the MQ's. If claiming equivalency, 
you will need to read the attached Board Policy 5001 on equivalency and 
prepare a statement documenting how you feel you meet the equivalent qualifications. 
Note: Candidates claiming equivalency must receive a judgement of 
equivalency from the COS Equivalency Committee prior to the interview. 


Desirable Qualifications 
The Department is looking for evidence of the following: 
The ability to communicate effectively in writing. 
Recent successful experience teaching composition and literature at the college, 


adult or secondary levels. 
Recent successful experience teaching critical thinking skills or courses. 
Recent successful experience teaching developmental writing, reading and study 


skills. 


Graduate and undergraduate coursework directly related to teaching composition 
and reading. 
Familiarity with current research methodology. 
The ability to evaluate one's pedagogy and subsequently to adapt that pedagogy 


to meet the learning needs of students. 
Recent successful experience teaching diverse student populations. 
Successful teaching in an environment where English is the second language. 
A commitment to collegiality and to the discipline of English. 
Ability to incorporate student learning outcome objectives within course and 


programs and willingness to develop and use stated objectives and measures. 
Experience with or interest in alternative instructional modes, such as web-based 


or on-line instruction, multi-media systems, cooperative learning, or integrated 
curricula. 
Submit to: 
Mrs. Julie Carroll, Human Resource Services,Position: 2316-f-02–5, College of 


the Sequoias, 915 S. Mooney Blvd.Visalia, CA 93277 (559) 730-3776 


Azusa Pacific U 

English, 901 E Alosta Av Azusa CA 91702 

Asst Professor of English 2355 

http://www.apu.edu 
We invite applications for a replacement permanent position with specialization 
in medieval/renaissance British literature and language to join 16-member department 
in Fall 05. Ph.D. required with commitment to teaching excellence in 
liberal arts and professional program. Generalist attitude is essential, as part of the 
8-course yearly load will include composition and introductory literature 
courses. Successful candidate must have a religious commitment compatible with 
the mission of this evangelical Christian university. Rank and salary dependent 
on experience and qualifications. Submit letter of inquiry addressing qualification, 
a curriculum vita, and a one-page statement of philosophy of Christian 
higher education to Dr. Carole Lambert, Chair search committee, English Department, 
Azusa Pacific University, 901 E. Alosta Ave. Azusa, CA. 91702. Applicants 
will be acknowledged by letter or email. Additional materials will be 
requested of selected candidates. Submissions will be accepted until position is 
filled. For additional information visit http:www.apu.edu. Azusa Pacific does not 
discriminate on the basis of sex, race, age, disability, national or ethnic origin, or 
status as veteran in any of its programs, policies, or procedures. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Mt St Mary's C 

English, 12001 Chalon Rd Los Angeles CA 90049 

Assistant Professor, Tenure Track Position—English Department 2414 

http://www.msmc.la.edu 
Mount St. Mary's College, a Catholic liberal arts college primarily for women 

located in Los Angeles, is seeking a full-time Assistant Professor to teach in the 
English Department starting August 2005. 
Founded in 1925 by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet in the Catholic intel


lectual tradition, the Mount is a teaching-centered institution dedicated to providing 
an excellent education directed toward service. The college's various 
programs, both undergraduate and graduate, are located on two campuses, one 
in downtown Los Angeles and the other in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles. 
The college prides itself on maintaining a highly diverse student body, small 
class sizes and a close working relationship among students and faculty. 

Responsibilities: Principally undergraduate teaching of writing in associate program; 
some literature courses in associate and baccalaureate programs, and in English 
portion of Weekend College's graduate humanities program. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English required. Demonstrated skill in teaching freshman 
writing on all levels from basic to honors. Enthusiastic and experienced 
teacher. Familiarity with ethnic literature desirable. 

Search committee will begin application review in February. Interested persons 
should submit their application to: Father George O'Brien Search Committee 
Chair Mount St. Mary's College 12001 Chalon Road Los Angeles, CA 90049 

Mount St. Mary's College is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. Applicants must be able to provide proof of legal ability to work in 
the United States. Mount St. Mary's College will not undertake to assist applicants 
with any visa matter. [R] 

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
American U 

Lit, 4400 Mass Av NW Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor 

http://www.american.edu 
Assistant Professor 
Comparative World Poetry 
The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at American 

University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor beginning 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


Fall 2005. Special emphasis on contemporary poetry of the Middle East and 
Africa in translation; post-colonial theorists with a specialization in poetry are 
also invited to apply. Terminal degree-Ph.D or MFA-in hand by August 2005. 
Promise of significant publications and sustained productivity; evidence of successful 
teaching of literature, and commitment to university service, will be 
highly regarded. Responsibilities will include graduate and undergraduate 
courses in poetry, a graduate seminar on translation, general education courses in 
literature with gender and ethnic foci, and supervision of MA theses. Salary 
competitive. Letter, CV and dossier with three letters of recommendation to 
Charles R. Larson, Chair, Department of Literature, American University, 
Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. Applications will be reviewed 
beginning March 15. American University is an EOE/AA university 
committed to a diverse faculty, staff, and student body. Women and minority 
candidates are particularly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Georgetown U 

Program in Jewish Civilization, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign 
Service PO Box 571035 Washington DC 20057 

Visiting Professorship 2485 

http://www.georgetown.edu/sfs/cjc 
Visiting Professorship in Jewish CivilizationThe Edmund A. Walsh School of 
Foreign Service and the Program for Jewish Civilization at Georgetown University 
are seeking to fill a visiting professorship in the field of Jewish civilization. 
Rank and discipline are open, but scholars in the humanities are especially encouraged 
to apply. The term of the appointment may be for one, two or three 
years. The Program for Jewish Civilization is innovative for its focus not only on 
Jewish religion and history, but also on the cultural, political, philosophical, and 
literary accomplishments of the Jewish people worldwide. Undergraduate 
courses in the program represent a broad range of disciplines, including political 
science, history, theology, language, and the arts. Interested candidates should 
send a detailed cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, a teaching 
portfolio, and a writing sample to the following address: Jewish Civilization 
Search Committeec/o Dr. Peter Dunkley, Associate Dean for Faculty AffairsEdmund 
A. Walsh School of Foreign Service P.O. Box 571035Georgetown UniversityWashington, 
DC 20057-1035Review of applications will begin 
immediately and will continue until the position is filled. For information on the 
Program for Jewish Civilization, please visit the website at www.georgetown 
.edu/sfs/cjc/. Georgetown University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

FLORIDA 
Nova Southeastern U 

Humanities, 3301 College Av Fort Lauderdale FL 33314 

Faculty—Composition/Writing Program (Rank TBD) 2480 

http://undergrad.nova.edu/la 
Two positions available. Teach undergraduate courses in introductory composition, 
advanced writing, and rhetoric within our writing program, as well as 
courses in newly proposed M.A. in writing program. Requires Ph.D. in Writing/
Rhetoric or English; college-level teaching experience; proficiency in use of 
computer hardware and curriculum-related software. Teaching and/or research 
experience in the following areas is a plus: professional, technical, and/or science 
writing; history & theory of rhetoric; writing pedagogy. Interest or experience 
in teaching and developing online courses preferred. Rank TBD (9.5-month 
faculty). To apply, please go to www.nsujobs.com and using Position #995132, 
submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, transcript(s), and the names and addresses 
of three work-related references. [R] 

GEORGIA 
Georgia Inst of Tech 

Lit, Communication, & Culture, (no street address) Atlanta GA 30332 

Brittain Fellow in Writing and Fellows in Technical/Professional Communication 
2389 

http://www.lcc.gatech.edu 

1. Georgia Inst of Tech 
Lit, Communication, & Culture, 636 Cherry St, 11 Skiles Bldg, Atlanta, GA 
30332 http://www.lcc.gatech.edu 
Brittain Fellows in Writing and Fellows in Technical/Professional Communica


tion 
School of Literature, Communication, and Culture, Georgia Institute of Technology. 
Brittain Fellows in Writing and Fellows in Technical/Professional Communication: 
Both the Writing Program and the Technical/Professional 
Communication Program are informed by LCC's research and degree programs 
in the cultural studies of science and technology and in the design of electronic 
media. All Fellows should have a commitment to the use of electronic pedagogy 
within a theoretically informed environment. Fellowships are annual appointments, 
renewable to a total of three years. Fellows receive a full benefits package, 
placement support and some travel support. All Fellows can participate in a pro


gram leading to a Certificate in Electronic Pedagogy offered through LCC's 
Wesley Center for New Media. Candidates may be Ph.D. or ABD. 
Brittain Fellows in Writing (Instructor rank) 
Brittain Fellows teach three 3-hour courses each semester in Georgia Tech's 


Freshman Writing Program. The Program emphasizes critical argument and 
written and oral communication within a framework informed by cultural studies 
and enabled by electronic pedagogy. The Freshman-level writing courses are 
part of an innovative interdisciplinary curriculum that includes a B.S. in Science, 
Technology, and Culture. Applications are accepted from candidates with degrees 
in cultural studies, literature, film, media studies, creative writing, and rhetoric. 


Fellows in Technical/Professional Communication (Instructor rank) 
Technical/Professional Communication Fellows teach three 2-hour courses each 
semester in Georgia Tech's Technical/Professional Communication Program, 
which offers an upper-level course incorporating written, oral, and graphic 
communication. Applications from candidates in all research areas in professional/
technical writing and closely related fields are welcome. Preferred research 
or teaching interests may include but are not limited to: the intersection of 
rhetorical studies and technical communication, technology and communica


tion, digital rhetoric, writing in electronic contexts, discourse studies, rhetoric 
and composition. 
Review of candidates will begin immediately and continue until positions are 


filled. Candidates should submit a letter of application, CV, a teaching statement, 
and dossier with three letters of recommendation to Chair, Brittain Fellows 
Committee or Chair, Technical Communication Fellows Committee, School of 
Literature, Communication, and Culture, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, 
GA 30332-0165. Website at www.lcc.gatech.edu. The Georgia Institute of 
Technology is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. LCC is especially 
interested in considering applications from women and minority candidates 
[R] 

Southern Polytechnic SU 

Humanities & Tech Communication, 1100 S Marietta Pky Marietta GA 
30060 

Assistant Professor, Technical Communiction 

http://www.spsu.edu/htc 
Southern Polytechnic State University 
Assistant Professor, Technical Communication 
Fall 2005. Tenure-track position in information design and technical communi


cation. Required: Ph.D. in technical communication or related field in hand by 
15 August 2005. Responsibilities: teaching (3/3 load for graduate faculty), service, 
scholarship, professional development. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Department of Humanities and Technical Communication offers two undergraduate 
technical communication degrees, an online graduate certificate in 
technical communication, and an MS in Information Design and Communication. 
Preference given to candidates who can teach a variety of courses in our 
current undergraduate and graduate programs. Opportunity to develop new 
courses. 


The university, in metro-Atlanta, is a unit of the University System of Georgia, 
and is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
For preliminary screening, submit (1) letter of application, (2) current resume, 


(3) three current letters of reference, and (4) graduate transcripts (unofficial copies 
acceptable). Review begins immediately and will continue until the position 
is filled. 
See the web page: www.spsu.edu/htc 
Send materials to Dr. Kenneth T. Rainey, Chair, Humanities/Technical Communication 
Southern Polytechnic State University 1100 S. Marietta Parkway 
Marietta, GA 30060-2896 [R] 

Southern Polytechnic SU 

Humanities & Tech Communication, 1100 S Marietta Pky Marietta GA 
30060 

Assistant Professor, Composition 899 

http://www.spsu.edu/htc 
Southern Polytechnic State University 
Assistant Professor, Composition 
Fall 2005. Search continuing for tenure-track assistant professor in composition. 

Required: Ph.D. in English or related field in hand by August 15, 2005. Responsibilities: 
teaching primarily composition (4/4 load), service, scholarship, and 
professional development. Preference given to candidates with (1) knowledge of 
current composition pedagogy and theory, (2) experience teaching composition, 

(3) experience in computer-mediated instruction. Possible teaching in literature, 
speech, drama and/or technical communication. The campus interview includes 
a teaching demonstration. 
Southern Polytechnic State University, in north metro-Atlanta, is a unit of the 
University System of Georgia. The department offers B.S., B.A., and M.S. degrees 
and a graduate certificate in technical communication. SPSU is an affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

For preliminary screening, submit (1) letter of application, (2) resume, (3) three 
current letters of reference, and (4) graduate transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable). 
Review begins immediately and continues until position is filled. 

See web page: www.spsu.edu/htc/WritingCorner/index.htm 
Send materials to Dr. Kenneth T. Rainey Chair, Humanities/Technical Communication 
Southern Polytechnic State University 1100 S. Marietta Parkway 
Marietta, GA 30060-2896 [R] 

ILLINOIS 
Columbia C Chicago 

English, 600 South Michigan Avenue Chicago IL 60605 

Tenure Track Positions 2461 

We are a diverse, open admissions, urban institution of over 10,000 undergraduate 
and graduate students emphasizing arts and communications in a liberal education 
setting. We currently seek candidates for two tenure-track faculty 
positions, one or a Playwright and another for a Creative Nonfiction Writer-
both to begin Fall 2005-for expanding programs in successful, well-established 
departments. Both positions are responsible for teaching a full load per semester 
plus administrative duties that include weekly office hours to meet/advise students. 
For the Playwright position, we seek candidates for a joint full-time position 
in the Fiction Writing Department and the Theater Department teaching 
playwriting to undergraduate and graduate students. For the Creative Nonfiction 
Writer position in the Fiction Writing Department we seek candidates to teach 
creative nonfiction to undergraduate and graduate students. The core uses the 
Story Workshop approach to the teaching of writing alongside a wide range of 

approaches in other class offerings. We offer a competitive salary and excellent 
benefits package. Please send a cover letter with teaching philosophy, current CV, 
and contact information for three references to: Gary Johnson, Fiction Writing 
Search, Columbia College Chicago, 600 South Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 
60605-1996. Minority and Women applicants are especially encouraged to 
apply. Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. For more information, visit our 
website at: http://web2.colum.edu/hr. 

Illinois Central C 

English, 1 College Dr East Peoria IL 61635 

ENGLISH (Two Semester Appointment) 2431 

http://www.icc.edu 
Faculty ENGLISH (Temporary Two Semester Appointment) 
Illinois Central College is seeking a qualified individual to provide instruction in 


English, with a specialization in developmental writing. Additional courses to be 
taught may include introductory literature, journalism, foreign language, and a 
wide range of composition courses, including developmental English. 


Effective date for this position is Fall 2005. 
The academic year base salary and rank for this position will be determined 


based on the educational preparation and occupational and/or teaching experiences 
of the successful candidate. 
Illinois Central College, established in 1966, is a fully accredited comprehensive 


community college with a headcount enrollment of approximately 14,000 students. 
In addition to academic courses and curricula designed to meet the lower 
division requirements of four-year colleges and universities, the College provides 
career-oriented programs as well as general education and community service 
courses. 


Qualifications 
Master of Arts degree in English or Rhetoric and Composition required. 
Ph.D. in English with teaching of developmental writing emphasis, experience 


teaching at the community college level, and the ability to serve the needs of a 
diverse population of students is desirable. 


Application Procedures 
Qualified applicants must submit a professional application, letter of application, 
current resume, undergraduate and graduate transcripts, and two letters of recommendation. 
A teaching demonstration will be part of the interview process. 


Initial screening of application materials will begin on February 21, 2005, and 
will continue until a successful candidate is selected. Send application materials 
to: Human Resources, Illinois Central College, One College Drive, East Peoria, 
IL 61635-0001, to be considered for this position. Professional Applications are 
available at www.icc.edu/hr or applications will be mailed in response to inquires 
made to the Human Resources Office. 


Additional information about this position may be obtained by contacting Dr. 
Jill Wright, Associate Dean-English, at (309) 694-5342. 
Initial Screening Date 2/21/05 
Copyright 2005-Illinois Central [R] 


Lewis & Clark Comm C 

Communications Div, 5800 Godfrey Rd Godfrey IL 62035 

Instructor in English (Tenure Track) 2514 

http://www.lc.edu 
Reports to: Vice President of Academic Affairs 
Goal Statement: 
Teach and assess student learning outcomes in such writing courses as Basic 

Writing Skills and First-Year English I and II. A variety of literature courses may 
be included as needed and qualified. In collaboration with colleagues, responsible 
for ongoing curriculum evaluation and improvement. Facilitate student 
learning outside of the classroom through participation in student development 
activities, college, and community events. 

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


Learner-centered Instruction: Teach English courses and, if available and appropriate, 
literature courses according to student learning objectives. Regularly assess 
student learning to continuously improve learning. Promote learner-centered 
scheduling, including evening courses, off-campus courses, and web-enhanced 
and web-delivered courses. 


Curriculum Development: Develop and/or revise courses(s) and programs in 
collaboration with colleagues. 


Technology: Develop and teach online or web-enhanced sections of courses. 
Involvement: Support College-wide initiatives and serve on committees. Mentor 
and support adjunct faculty in English. 


Professional Development: Initiate and maintain active participation in profes


sional development opportunities in content area and in teaching effectiveness. 
Philosophy: Continually strive to achieve the College Mission, Vision, and Purposes. 


REQUIREMENTS: 


Master's degree and coursework, documenting preparation and content mastery 
in college composition. 
Minimum of two years community college teaching experience teaching writing 


courses, preferred. College or university writing teaching considered. 
Demonstrated ability to teach writing. 
Demonstrated commitment to our community college mission required. 


Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Composition Studies 2466 

http://www.siue.edu/ENGLISH 
Tenure-track position in Composition Studies. Specializations within Composition 
Studies open. PhD required. Teaching assignment is 3/3 and includes 
courses in MA Teaching of Writing program, first-year writing sequence, and 
English major and general education curricula. Demonstrated scholarly promise 
essential. Significant teaching experience preferred. Appropriate professional service 
expected. Persons who have not completed all PhD requirements by the beginning 
of the contract period may be considered for a term appointment at the 

rank of instructor until all degree requirements have been completed. Salary 
commensurate with experience and credentials. 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master's/comprehensive 

university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates must submit a letter 
of interest, vita, reference letters, statement of teaching philosophy, research 
agenda, and transcript to: Composition Studies Search Committee, Department 
of English, Box 1431, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL 
62026-1431. As an Affirmative Action Employer, SIUE offers equal employment 
opportunity without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national 
origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under state 
sponsored plans will not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Starting date(s) August 2005, or January 2006. Position open until filled. [R] 

INDIANA 
Ball SU 

English, Muncie IN 47306 

Assistant/Associate Professor/English Education 2538 

http://www.bsu.edu 
Tenure-line position available August 19, 2005. Responsibilities: preparation of 
teachers for secondary English language arts instruction and redesign of teacher 
education program. Minimum qualifications: earned doctorate in secondary English 
education (or appropriate, related fields of study) awarded before August 1, 
2005; record of effective teaching, including at least three years of public school 
experience teaching English at the secondary level (other public school service 
or employment, through responsibilities such as substitute teaching, fulfilling an 
administrative position, in-service work with teachers, or on-site classroom research 
may be substituted for one of those three years); potential to public in for


mats appropriate to this discipline. Preferred qualifications: teaching experience 
at college or university level; teaching experience at middle school level; publications 
and/or evidence of other scholarly contributions; record of effective service 
to the academic community, including involvement in relevant language arts associates. 


Send letter of application featuring relevant experience, statement of philosophy 
of education, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract or prospectus, transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Secondary English Education Search 
Committee, Department of English, Ball State University, Muncie, IN 47306. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position 
is filled. (www.bsu.edu) 

Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer and is 
strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. [R] 

MARYLAND 
Johns Hopkins U 

Center for Talented Youth, 5801 Smith Ave, Suite 400 Baltimore MD 21209 

Instructor, CTY summer programs 

http://www.cty.jhu.edu 
SUMMER TEACHING OPPORTUNITIES Expository, Critical, and Creative 
Writing; Film; Shakespeare; Drama; Popular Culture; Harlem Renaissance; 
Humanities; Latin; Greek; EtymologiesThe Center for Talented Youth (CTY) 
runs academic summer programs for gifted students ages 8–16. Our summer 
programs are designed to support and nurture academic talent by giving motivated, 
gifted students a chance to study at a pace and depth commensurate with 
their abilities. Two three-week sessions of our residential and day programs are 
offered at 23 colleges and independent schools in Arizona, California, Hawai‘i, 
Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, Rhode Island, and Massachu-
setts.Every year, many of our strongest instructors are ABD graduate students 
who are committed to teaching and to young people. CTY instructors build on 
their teaching experience in an intensive, structured environment that encourages 
academic creativity.We also seek experienced teachers to fill administrative 
positions in our summer programs. To see our job offerings, please visit www 
.cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment. You may also call 410-516-0053 or email 
ctysummer@jhu.edu to request an application. 

MASSACHUSETTS 
Austen Riggs Center 

Erik Erikson Institute for Education and Research, P.O. Box 962/25 Main 
Street Stockbridge MA 01262 

Erikson Scholar-In-Residence 

The Erik Erikson Institute for Education and Research of the Austen Riggs 
Center invites applications for its Erikson Scholar-in-Residence position. The 
Center provides intensive psychodynamic treatment to otherwise treatment-resistant 
patients in a community of examined living. The Eriksonian perspective 
focuses on the way in which individuals shape and are shaped by society and culture, 
including the transmission of traumatic experience from one generation to 
another.The Erikson Institute seeks to apply the learning from this unusual clinical 
experience, in collaboration with other disciplines, to problems of the larger 
society. We are seeking academicians and other professionals, whose research 
might enrich and be enriched by our clinical program toward the development 
of new knowledge in a range of fields, including the social sciences and the humanities.
Arrangements include stipend, housing, office space and secretarial assistance. 
Applications for tenure, ranging from several months to one year, should 
include a curriculum vitae and a description of the proposed project. To apply or 
for further information, contact M. Gerard Fromm, Ph.D., at Box 962, Stock-
bridge, MA 01262, gerard.fromm@austenriggs.net. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Salem SC 

English, 352 Lafayette St. Salem MA 01970 

TENURE TRACK FACULTY, ENGLISH-MULTICULTURAL LITERATURE 2438 

http://www.salemstate.edu 
The Department of English at Salem State College is seeking a tenure track faculty 
member in Multicultural Literatures, sub-specialty in gender studies and/or 
theory. Required are a Ph.D. in English or a related field, and at least two years 
of accumulated teaching experience in Multicultural Literature, Composition, 
and World Literature. Preferred is a sub-specialty in gender studies and/or theory 

and experience with professional writing and experience with computer-assisted 
education. 
We prefer candidates with experience in and commitment to teaching in a mul


tiracial, multiethnic environment with students of diverse backgrounds and 
learning styles, as well as in distance learning and instructional technologies, and 
candidates who enjoy serving as role models and mentors for a diverse student 
body. Salaries are competitive and commensurate with education and experience. 
Subject to available funding. 

Application review will begin immediately and continue until an adequate pool 
is achieved. To apply, send letter of application specifying department, reference 
number, and position for which you are applying, resume, appropriate transcripts 
and three letters reference to: 

Office of Human Resources & Equal Opportunity Salem State College 352 Lafayette 
Street Salem, Ma 01970 Fax: (978) 542-6163 e-mail: eo-hr@salemstate 
.edu (Word or Word Perfect) Refer to: 05-AA-F-ENG-ML 

STATE COLLEGE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION 
EMPLOYER. PERSONS OF COLOR, WOMEN AND PERSONS 
WITH DISABILITIES ARE STRONGLY URGED TO APPLY. 

MICHIGAN 
Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 353 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu 
CENTRAL MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. Literatures outside Europe and 
United States. Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English beginning 
Fall, 2005. Ph.D. in Literature or related area required by August, 2005. Specialties 
might include such areas as Near-Eastern, Latin American, or Asian literatures. 
Ability to teach undergraduate or graduate courses in specialty area and 
Composition. Evidence of effective teaching required. Publication desired. 
Screening will begin on November 1, 2004. Send application, current vita, transcripts, 
and letters of reference to Dr. Stephen C. Holder, Chair, Department of 
English Language and Literature, Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 
48859. Recently classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a doctoral/researchintensive 
university, CMU is a growing student-focused university with opportunities 
for leadership and involvement for its entire team. CMU, an AA/EO 
institution, strongly and actively strives to increase diversity within its community. 
Minorities are encouraged to apply (www.cmich.edu/aaeo html). [R] 

Lawrence Tech U 

Humanities, 21000 W Ten Mile Rd Southfield MI 48075 

Post-Doctoral Lecturer 2554 

Post-Doctoral Lecturer in Literature and English Composition 
Lawrence Technological University's Department of Humanities, Social Sciences, 
and Communication seeks a recent Ph.D. in English with a specialization 
in literature and composition for appointment as Post-Doctoral Lecturer in Lit


erature and English Composition. This one-year, full-time appointment is renewable 
for up to three years. Start date is August 16. 
Preferred candidates possess broad knowledge of British or American literature, 


experience teaching college-level composition, and familiarity with the use of 
computers in composition. You'll teach eight courses per year over two semes


ters. Three courses each semester are in composition and one in literature, at the 
upper-division level, in the area of the candidate's expertise. Departmental service 
and involvement in developing the composition curriculum are expected. 

Lawrence Tech enrolls about 4,500 students. Engineering and architecture are 
the most prominent majors. The College of Arts and Sciences offers majors in 
business, psychology, communication, and the humanities. 

Send letter of interest and vita with names of three references to: Dr. Melinda 
Weinstein, Department of Humanities, Social Sciences, and Communication, 
Lawrence Technological University, 21000 W. Ten Mile Rd., Southfield, MI 
48075-1058. Selection process begins March 14. EOE 

U of Michigan-Flint 

English, 303 E Kearsley St Flint MI 48502 

Assistant/Associate Professor of Secondary English Education 

http://www.umflint.edu/departments/English 
The English Department at the University of Michigan-Flint invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in Secondary English Education at the Assistant or 
Associate Professor level. Teaching responsibilities include the general English 
methods course for secondary pre-service teachers and courses in teaching reading 
in the content areas and writing at the secondary level. Additional course/ 
program development is encouraged in complementary areas such as literacy 
studies, adolescent literature, and literacy research methods. Teaching is primarily 
undergraduate with a three course per semester teaching load. The position also 
entails collaboration with the public secondary schools. The opportunity exists 
for some graduate level teaching in a recently developed M.A in Education program 
with a literacy specialization. Faculty members are expected to maintain a 
balanced record of excellence in teaching, research with publication, and service. 

Earned doctorate in secondary English education or secondary literacy studies is 
required. 
The English Department includes courses in literature, linguistics, composition 

and rhetoric, as well as English Education. At UM-Flint, all secondary level 

teaching candidates are prepared primarily in the department of their discipline. 
The University of Michigan-Flint is a regional campus of the University of 
Michigan with an enrollment of approximately 6,500 students situated in modern 
facilities on a forty-two acre riverfront site in downtown Flint. The population 
is a mixture of traditional and non-traditional students. UM-Flint offers day, 
evening, and weekend classes. 

Please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a 
writing sample to: Dr. Frederic Svoboda, English Department, University of 
Michigan-Flint, 303 E. Kearsley St., Flint, Michigan 48502-1950. Applications 
will be reviewed until the position is filled. UM-Flint is a non-discriminatory/ 
affirmative action employer. [R] 

MINNESOTA 
C of Saint Scholastica 

English, 1200 Kenwood Av Duluth MN 55811 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.css.edu/ 
The College of St. Scholastica invites applications for a full-time, tenure track assistant 
professorship in the English Department beginning fall semester 2005. 
The appointment entails teaching upper level undergraduate creative writing 
courses in poetry, fiction, and creative non-fiction as well as first-year composition, 
lower and upper level literature courses, and advanced composition. The 
teaching load is 3/3. Other responsibilities include academic advising and possibly 
advising the College's literary arts magazine. Salary: $38,000. An MFA 
and/or Ph.D. in creative writing, publication record (poetry, fiction, and/or creative 
non-fiction), and experience teaching at the college level are required. The 
College will acknowledge all applications. To apply, please submit a current curriculum 
vitae, official undergraduate and graduate transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to Jill Sikkink, Sr. HR Generalist, College of St. Scholastica, 
1200 Kenwood Avenue, Duluth, MN 55811-4199. Visit our website at www.css 
.edu for more information about the College. AA/EOE [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


U of Minnesota Duluth 

Composition, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Composition Specialist 2366 

http://www.d.umn.edu/ 
The University of Minnesota Duluth, Department of Composition seeks to hire 
an individual for a full-time tenure-track teaching position in Composition. The 
successful candidate will teach a range of writing courses including Freshman 
Composition and Advanced Composition with the possibility of teaching composition 
theory and technology courses. The teaching load is typically five classes 
per year. The department expects the candidate to produce research in a relevant 
field. Service includes advising students, committee assignments, assessment, and 

department and curriculum development. Salary is competitive and commensurate 
with experience. 
Required education and experience include: PhD (completed by July 1, 2005) in 

relevant fields such as Composition, Technical Writing, Linguistics, English, or 
Rhetoric. Two years experience teaching composition at the college level. A 
clear plan for a program of research. Demonstrated ability to develop and use 
technology in writing and evidence of excellence in teaching composition. 

Preferred education and experience include: Demonstrated commitment to 

teaching composition. 
Experience teaching professional, technical, or science writing. Record of presentation 
and publication in the fields cited in the description. Service in planning 
and executing assessment programs. Record of service working 
collaboratively and collegially. 

Applicants should submit a letter of application, transcript, curriculum vita, evidence 
of effective teaching, and samples of scholarly and/or professional work. 
Applicants should also request that three letters of reference be sent. Completed 
applications will be reviewed beginning March 1, 2005. Send all materials to: 
University of Minnesota Duluth, Department of Composition, 420 Humanities 
Building, 1201 Ordean Court, Duluth, Minnesota 55812. 

The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. 

MONTANA 
U of Montana 

English, Missoula MT 59812 

Director of Composition 2405 

http://www.cas.umt.edu/english/ 
Director of Composition. Assistant/Associate Professor. We welcome applications 
for a tenure-track position to begin Fall 2005. Candidate should be prepared 
to administer and oversee the expanding development of our composition 
program, train teaching assistants, teach first-year and advanced writing classes, 
and participate in departmental and campus-wide writing initiatives. Additional 
expertise in one or more of the following areas would be welcome: cultural and 

ethnic rhetorics, especially Native American; literacy studies; writing across the 
curriculum; visual rhetoric. 
Requirements: Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric; documented evidence of 

teaching excellence; demonstrated excellence in scholarship or evidence of 
strong scholarly potential. Experience commensurate with directing a composition 
program is expected. 

Qualified applicants should send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a 
writing sample, at least three letters of recommendation to Dr. Heather Bruce, 
Chair, Composition Search Committee, Department of English, The University 
of Montana, Missoula, MT 59812-6120. Consideration of applications will 
begin on March 1, 2005 and will continue until position is filled. We will conduct 
interviews at the CCCC conference in San Francisco. 

This position announcement can be made available in alternative formats upon 
request. The University of Montana is an EEO/AA employer and we encourage 
women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans and persons with disabilities to apply. 
Further information available on both the web sites of the English Department 
(http://www.cas.umt.edu/english/) and the University's Office of Human Resources 
(http://www.umt.edu/hrs/). [R] 

NEW JERSEY 
Fairleigh Dickinson U 

English, Philosophy and Humanities, 1000 River Rd Teaneck NJ 07666 

Lecturer/Senior Lecturer (2 positions) 

http://www.fdu.edu 
University College of Fairleigh Dickinson University seeks applications for two 
full-time non-tenure track positions in English Composition. Successful candidates 
will teach freshman writing in the context of a new campus-wide Writing 
Initiative. Some released time for one or both positions may be allocated for 


course coordination. Successful candidates will be expected to make a firm commitment 
to the teaching of freshman writing. 
Qualifications: 


1. Candidates should possess a terminal degree, preferably in writing or compositon, 
or in communication with a concentration in writing, although ABDs will 
be considered. 
2. Preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate substantial experience 
in teaching writing to college freshmen. 
3. The following qualifications are also of special interest: Scholarship in the areas 
of rhetoric and composition; expertise in learning outomes assessment in writing 
programs; experience in teaching online and/or blended composition courses; 
training and experience in teaching college-level writing for ESL, international, 
and developmental students. 
Salary: Commensurate with experience. 
To apply: 
Submit letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, copies of 


composition course syllabi and teaching evaluations, and statement of teaching 
philosophy to the University Employment Administrator identified below. Review 
of applications will begin February 28, 2005 and will continue until the 
positions are filled. 


Kimberley R. Hillman University Employment Administrator Fairleigh Dickinson 
University 285 Madison Avenue (M-SC1–01) Madison, NJ 07940 e-mail: 
hillman@fdu.edu [R] 

NEW YORK 
SU of New York, C at Potsdam 

English and Communication, 44 Pierrepont Av Potsdam NY 13676 

Assistant Professor of English and Communication 

http://www.potsdam.edu 
SUNY Potsdam's English and Communication Department is seeking applications 
for an Assistant Professor of English. This is a tenure-track position with a 
concentration in pre-1865 American Literature. Secondary interest in linguistics 
or under-represented minority literatures welcomed. Responsibilities include 
upper-division courses in American literature, as well as lower-division courses 
in literature and literacy analysis. Candidate will also be expected periodically to 
teach courses in the graduate (M.A.) and composition programs. A full-time 
teaching load is 12 hours per semester, plus advising and committee responsibilities. 
A continuing program of scholarly/creative activity is expected. ABD or 
Ph.D. required. Send letter of application, vita, dissertation abstract or prospectus, 
and names and addresses of three current references to Chair, Literature 
Search Committee, English and Communication Department, SUNY Potsdam, 
Potsdam, NY 13676, or email to: litsearch@potsdam.edu. Review of applications 
will begin March 1, 2005. SUNY Potsdam is an equal opportunity 
employer committed to excellence through diversity. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


NORTH CAROLINA 
Belmont Abbey C 

Lib Studies, Belmont NC 28012 

Visiting Lecturer in Composition 2364 

http://www.belmontabbeycollege.edu 
Full-time one-year visiting lecturer or assistant professor. Teaching duties primarily 
in English composition, but with possibility of teaching occasional literature 

surveys. Position renewable for up to three years. Possibility of conversion to tenure-
track. Rank and salary commensurate with credentials. 
Applicants should submit a letter of application, vita, and the names and contact 

information of three references to Dr. Russell Fowler, Chair, English Search 
Committee, Belmont Abbey College, 100 Belmont-Mt. Holly Road, Belmont, 
NC 28012. Review of applications will begin March 1 and will continue until 
the position is filled. 

Belmont Abbey College, located 15 miles from Charlotte, North Carolina is a 
private liberal arts institution offering curricular and co-curricular programs in 
the Catholic and Benedictine intellectual traditions. We welcome the talents of 
everyone, from any tradition and background, committed to fostering the development 
of the whole person and contributing actively to the mission of the college. 
To the members of the Belmont Abbey College community, we offer an 
environment and community animated by a vision of excellence and virtue 
where all may work towards their own full potential. [R] 

Belmont Abbey C 

Lib Studies, Belmont NC 28012 

Assistant Professor of English 2363 

http://www.belmontabbeycollege.edu 
Full-time tenure-track assistant professorship. Specialization in Shakespeare, with 

willingness to teach composition and core surveys, as well as participate in the 
college's First-Year Symposium and Great Books Seminar. 
Applicants should submit a letter of application, vita, and the names and contact 

information of three references to Dr. Russell Fowler, Chair, English Search 
Committee, Belmont Abbey College, 100 Belmont-Mt. Holly Road, Belmont, 
NC 28012. Review of applications will begin March 1 and will continue until 
the position is filled. 

Belmont Abbey College, located 15 miles from Charlotte, North Carolina is a 
private liberal arts institution offering curricular and co-curricular programs in 
the Catholic and Benedictine intellectual traditions. We welcome the talents of 
everyone, from any tradition and background, committed to fostering the development 
of the whole person and contributing actively to the mission of the college. 
To the members of the Belmont Abbey College community, we offer an 
environment and community animated by a vision of excellence and virtue 
where all may work towards their own full potential. [R] 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 General Classroom Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of Children's Literature 2444 

http://www.ecu.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, specializing in the full range of Children's 
Literature, with a background in literary studies, starting August 22, 2005. 
Expertise in creative writing for children and/or multicultural children's literature 
desirable. Appropriate service to the university, community, and profession is expected. 
Ph.D. with evidence of scholarly potential required. Screening begins 
March 15, 2005; position open until filled. On-campus interviews of finalists. 


Send letter, vita, one-page statement of teaching philosophy and research agenda, 
and three current reference letters to: 
Dr. Bruce Southard, Chair, Box CL, Department of English, East Carolina Uni


versity, Greenville, NC 27858-4353. 
An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action University. Accommodates individuals 
with disabilities. Individuals requesting a disability accommodation should call 


the ECU Office of Disability Support Services at 252-328-6799 (Voice/ 
TTY/Relay). Proper documentation of identity and employability are required 
at the time of employment. Official transcript required upon employment. Visit 
the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/english. [R] 

High Point U 

English, University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262 

Assistant Professor of Communications 2403 

http://www.highpoint.edu 
The High Point University Department of English and Communications seeks 
applicants for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning 
in August 2005. We are seeking an individual to join us in developing a strong, 

rhetoric-based communications program within a rich liberal arts program, 
combining analysis and production, creativity and reflection, thinking and doing. 
The successful candidate should be an inspiring teacher with experience and ex


pertise in the theory and art of communication and the ways that it is practiced. 

MFA or PhD required; PhD preferred. 
Teaching responsibilities will include Broadcast Journalism and Video Production, 
and may also include other courses according to the interests and expertise 
of the candidate and needs of the department: Introduction to Communications 
and Rhetorical Theory, Visual Rhetoric, Public Relations and Advertising, Fundamentals 
of Speech, Journalism I, Journalism II, Feature Writing, Minorities in 
the Media, Audio Production, Writing for Contemporary Issues, and Introduction 
to Telecommunications. 

Send letter of application, a current rsum, copies of graduate transcripts, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and letters and contact information from three current 
references to Dr. Jane Stephens, Chair, Department of English, High Point 
University, 833 Montlieu Ave, High Point, NC, 27262. 

The Search Committee will begin reviewing applications on March 1 and will 
conduct interviews at CCCC or via telephone. We plan to begin campus interviews 
April 1. 

U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke NC 
28372 

Assistant Professor or Associate Professor of English 2491 

http://www.uncp.edu 
English Composition. Two full-time tenure track positions, beginning 8/05, in a 
growing, student-centered department and university with expanding opportunities, 
including service learning and learning communities. Ph.D. in Composition/
Rhetoric required; ABD applicants near completion considered. 4/4 
teaching load, primarily freshman composition; potential development of curriculum 
within specialization. Expectation of service/scholarly activity. Especially 
attractive areas of specialization include ESL, technical writing, speech communication, 
developmental writing, assessment, and computers in composition. 
Rank/salary commensurate with credentials/experience. Send hard copy of application 
letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and copy of 
transcripts to Dr. Mark Canada, English Composition Search Chair, Department 
of English, Theatre, & Languages, The University of North Carolina at Pembroke, 
PO Box 1510, One University Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. Application 
acknowledged by letter. Consideration of candidates will begin March 14, 
2005, and continue until the positions are filled. AA/EOE 

NORTH DAKOTA 
U of North Dakota 

English, PO Box 7209 Grand Forks ND 58202 

Assistant Professor 2447 

http://www.english.und.edu 
UNIVERSITY OF NORTH DAKOTA 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position at the 
rank of Assistant Professor in Literatures and Cultures of the United States (20th 
Century and Literatures of the Americas), and a second field, beginning 
August 2005. We prefer a second field of expertise in film but are open to other 
strengths. Given our department's longtime commitment to American Indian literatures 
and Indian Studies, we welcome candidates with background and experience 
in those areas. Demonstrated teaching effectiveness and evidence of 
scholarly achievement required. A candidate must have completed Ph.D. requirements 
for an earned doctorate by August 15, 2005. This position includes the 
teaching of graduate and undergraduate courses as well as introductory courses. 
Our normal teaching load is five courses a year. We are a thriving, active department 
with bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D. programs in a university of 13,000 students. 
Our annual writers conference features writers of national and 
international importance (see www.undwritersconference.org). Our department 
publishes North Dakota Quarterly and North Country, a long-standing student 
literary journal. Please send letter and c. v. to Sheryl O'Donnell, Chair, Department 
of English, University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, ND 58202-7209, or 
e-mail ursulahovet@mail.und.nodak.edu. First consideration will be given to applications 
received by May 1, 2005. The University of North Dakota recognizes 
the importance of responding to the needs of dual-career couples. We are an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer striving for continued diversity. 

U of North Dakota 

English, PO Box 7209 Grand Forks ND 58202 

Assistant Professor 1154 

http://www.und.nodak.edu/ 
UNIVERSITY OF NORTH DAKOTA-REVISED DESCRIPTION! 
The Department of English invites applications for a TENURE-TRACK posi


tion in English Renaissance literature, including Shakespeare, at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, beginning August 2005. Ph. D., demonstrated teaching 
effectiveness, and evidence of scholarly achievement required. This position includes 
the teaching of graduate and undergraduate courses as well as introductory 
literature and composition courses. Our normal teaching load is five courses 
a year. We are a thriving, active department with bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D. 
programs in a university of 13,000 students. Our annual writers conference features 
writers of national and international importance (see www.undwritersconference.
org). Our department publishes North Dakota Quarterly and North 
Country, a long-standing student literary journal. Please send letter and c. v. to 
Sheryl O'Donnell, Interim Chair, Department of English, University of North 
Dakota, Grand Forks, ND 58202-7209, or e-mail ursula.hovet@mail.und.nodak 
.edu. We accept applications until the position has been filled. 

We are an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer striving for continued 
diversity. [R] 

OHIO 
John Carroll U 

English, Cleveland OH 44118 

Assistant Professor, Eighteenth Century 1241 

2004–2005 Assistant Professor of English, Eighteenth Century 
John Carroll University has postponed the search for this position until the 
2005–6 academic year. Our thanks to those who submitted applications. 

Ohio Wesleyan U 

English, 61 S Sandusky St, Sturges Hall Delaware OH 43015 

Assistant Professor of English 2477 

http://www.owu.edu/~englweb/ 
19th-CENTURY BRITISH LITERATURE (Romantic and Victorian), with 
additional experience in teaching writing. A full-time, 3-year term position 
(conversion to tenure track possible) with a six-course teaching load: 3 literature 
courses, 3 writing courses. Experience teaching literature and freshman writing 

is essential. Candidates should have their Ph.D. by August 2005. AA/EOE: 
women and minorities encouraged to apply. Send letter, vita, writing sample, 
dossier, and a syllabus of your design to Joseph Musser, Chair, Department of 
English, Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, OH 43015. Materials preferred by 
20 March 2005; applications will be reviewed until position is filled. Acknowledgment 
by e-mail or SAS card. [R] 

OREGON 
U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Moore Distinguished Visiting Professor 

http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/php/webpage.php?home 
The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a visiting scholar 
to hold the Carlisle and Patricia Moore Distinguished Professorship. We are interested 
in scholars who have a distinguished record of research that focuses on 
issues of race and ethnicity in literature and/or cultural production and who can 
contribute to the development of interdisciplinary ethnic literary studies at the 
University of Oregon. Level of appointment, compensation, and length of the 
visiting residency (from one ten-week term to the entire 2005–2006 academic 
year) will be determined by credentials and situation of the person hired. Duties 
are negotiable and may include teaching one or more specialized courses, orga


nizing a lecture/seminar series and a public lecture. To learn more about this position, 
see http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/php/webpage.php?moore. 
Applications should consist of a c.v., writing sample, and contact information for 

references or dossier service. Review of applications will continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 

TENNESSEE 
Tennessee SU 

Langs, Lit, & Philos, 3500 John A Merritt Blvd Nashville TN 37209 

Assistant/Associate Professor 2552 

http://www.tnstate.edu 
Tennessee State University invites applications for the position of Assistant/ 
Associate Professor of English. Teach Early Modern/Renaissance English literature, 
first-year writing, and general education courses in literature. Preference to 
candidates with ability to teach Shakespeare; experience in Early or Medieval 
British literature and/or Post Colonial Literature also desirable. Engage in scholarship, 
research, and service and fulfill other responsibilities of a faculty appointment. 
Ph.D. in English or related doctorate required for appointment as Assistant 

or Associate Professor, depending upon experience. ABD with completion before 
date of appointment considered. 
Deadline for application: April 30, 2005 

Tennessee SU 

Langs, Lit, & Philos, 3500 John A Merritt Blvd Nashville TN 37209 

Assistant/Associate Professor 2550 

http://www.tnstate.edu 
Tennessee State University invites applications for the position of Tenure track 
Assistant/Associate Professor of English to teach professional and technical writing, 
first-year writing, and general education courses in literature. Preference 
given to candidates with training in composition and rhetoric and experience 
teaching technical writing. Engage in scholarship, research, and service and fulfill 
other responsibilities of a faculty appointment. QUALIFIACTIONS/ 
EXPERIENCE: Ph.D. in English or related doctorate required for appointment 
as Assistant or Associate Professor, depending upon experience. ABD with completion 
before date of appointment considered.Deadline for Application: 
April 29, 2005 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


TEXAS 
Angelo SU 

English, PO Box 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

English Faculty Position 1407 

http://www.angelo.edu 
The Angelo State University Department of English announces a tenure-track 
position in Rhetoric and Composition with emphasis in professional or technical 
writing or in English with substantial experience in teaching upper division professional 
writing courses and/or with substantial corporate experience. PhD required. 
Competitive entry-level salary. Teaching load normally twelve hours per 
semester, including courses in technical, business, and professional writing as well 
as composition. Other duties include development of existing specialization in 
Professional Writing, including working with the academic community to develop 
curriculum, recruiting and retaining students, and establishing contacts 
with local business and industry. Active research and publication agenda required, 
plus service to department, university, profession, and community expected. 
Send letter of application, CV, and names, addresses, and telephone numbers of 
three professional references to Nancy Allen, Head, Department of English, 
ASU Station #10894, San Angelo, TX 76909-0894. Review of applications will 
begin immediately and continue until position is filled. Angelo State University 
is located in San Angelo, a city of approximately 90,000. A state-sponsored coeducational 
institution governed by the Texas State University System, the University 
has an enrollment of approximately 6,300 students. As a regional, 
comprehensive university, it is fully accredited to award degrees at the associate, 
bachelor's, and master's levels through its three colleges, two schools, and nineteen 
academic departments. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. [R] 

Montgomery C 

English, 3200 College Park Dr Conroe TX 77384 

Instructor of English-Developmental English Ref#40450 2373 

http://job.nhmccd.edu 
POSITION DESCRIPTION:Primary responsibility is to teach Developmental 
Reading and/or Developmental Writing· Provide leadership in the Developmental 
English program· Teach Composition and Rhetoric courses, as needed· 
Make continuous efforts to improve the quality of instruction by reviewing and 
utilizing innovative methodologies, techniques and delivery methods· Develop 
and use a syllabus for each course within college and departmental guidelines· 
Plan, develop and use a variety of teaching methods and materials that assist students 
in meeting course objectives and which are appropriate for students with 
differing educational and experiential background and learning styles· Evaluate 
students to measure their progress toward achievement of stated course objectives 
and inform them in a timely manner of their progress in the course· Submit required 
college reports and forms· Maintain professional relationships with students, 
colleagues and the community· Work as a team member in a collaborative 
environment· Teach courses at a variety of times and locations in response to institutional 
needs· Provide access to students through posted office hours, electronic 
communication and other appropriate methods· Perform other job-related 
duties as required QUALIFICATIONS: Required: Master's degree with 18 
graduate hours in Developmental Education, or closely-related area, and with 18 
graduate hours in English· Ability to provide leadership in the Developmental 
English program· Demonstrated knowledge of best practices in developmental 
studies for community college student· Excellent communication and interpersonal 
skillsPreferred:· Graduate coursework in reading· Graduate coursework in 
composition· Experience with a range of model assessment strategies· Prior 
community college teaching experience· Experience using collaborative learning, 
learning technologies, interdisciplinary teaching, and/or adult learning 
methodology This position is subject to the successful completion of a criminal 
background check. ALL APPLICATIONS SHOULD BE COMPLETED ONLINE 
AT:WEB: http://job.nhmccd.eduFAX: 832-813-6686 (Transcripts and 
certifications only)Review date: 3/15/05. Review of materials begins March 15, 
2005 and will continue until the position is filled. NHMCCD fosters and appreciates 
ethnic and cultural diversity among its faculty, students, and administrative 
staff. Applications from women, ethnic minorities, veterans, and individuals with 

disabilities are welcome. Submit: A completed NHMCCD on-line application. 
Attach to your on-line application a resume and a cover letter referencing job 
#40450 that addresses how you meet the job requirements as described in this 
vacancy announcement. Copies of transcripts and applicable certifications and licenses 
(applicants with foreign credentials must submit a US transcript evaluation) 
may be faxed to the District Human Resources office at the number listed 
above. Transcripts that were faxed prior to 12/1/2002 will need to be re-faxed. 
Any transcripts faxed after 1/1/2003 will not need to be re-faxed unless information 
needs to be updated. AA/EEO 

Texas A&M Intl U 

Lang & Lit, 5201 University Blvd Laredo TX 78041 

Assistant Professor of English 2365 

http://www.tamiu.edu 
Texas A&M International University invites applications for two tenure-track assistant 
professor positions in English in the Department of Language and Literature 
to begin fall 2005. This multidisciplinary department offers graduate and 
undergraduate degrees in English and Spanish and the baccalaureate in Communication. 
Effective fall 2004 we began a collaborative Ph.D. program in Hispanic 
Studies and we have an agreement with Texas A&M University in College Station 
to offer courses toward a Ph.D. in English. The successful candidate will 
hold a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition or comparable degree. Preference 
will be given to candidates who have a background in Technical Writing, Linguistics 
and/or teaching English as a Second Language. Experience with computer-
mediated instruction a plus. The candidate must have a record of teaching 
excellence, the ability to teach a broad range of courses in language and literature, 
and a demonstrated commitment to scholarship. To apply, send a letter of 
interest, curriculum vitae, unofficial copy of graduate transcripts, and three letters 
of reference to Dr. Ellen Barker, Search Committee Chair, Department of 
Language and Literature, Texas A&M International University, 5201 University 
Blvd., Laredo, TX 78041-1900. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and will continue until filled. Possible interviews at the CCCC's conference in 
San Francisco in March. EEO. [R] 

Texas A&M U-Kingsville 

Lang & Lit, MSC 162 Kingsville TX 78363 

Assistant Professor of English, Rhetoric and Composition/Technical Writing 2473 

http://www.tamuk.edu 
English: Assistant Professor of English, tenure track, starting fall semester 2005. 
Required: (1) earned Ph.D. from a regionally accredited university, with at least 
18 graduate hours in composition/rhetoric, technical writing, professional writing, 
or related field, and (2) successful teaching at the university level. Preferred: 

Familiarity with instructional technology or computer classroom; experience 
with culturally diverse student body. 
Will teach technical writing, freshman composition, and/or sophomore litera


ture; may help develop writing minor, writing strand, or writing across the curriculum 
procedures. Quality teaching, recruitment of students, research, and 
committee service are expected. Course load is four per long semester, with possibility 
of teaching one summer session or one intersession. Salary commensurate 
with experience, based on nine-month contract. 

Application review begins immediately and continues until filled. Send letter, 
vita, three current, original letters of recommendation, and unofficial transcripts 
to Cathy Downs, co-chair, English Search Committee, Department of Language 
and Literature, MSC 162 Fore Hall, Texas A&M University—Kingsville, 
Kingsville, Texas 78363. Please no e-mail submissions. Prior to issuing letter of 
appointment, finalists must have official transcripts sent directly from each degree-
granting institution to the Office of the Provost, MSC 102, TAMUK, 
Kingsville, Texas 78363. If transcripts are from an international institution, it is 
the responsibility of the prospective faculty member to have transcripts translated 
and evaluated by an approved credential evaluator (AACRAO) http://www 
.aacrao.org/credential/index.htm. For more information about the university or 
the department, please visit our web site at www.tamuk.edu. Texas A&M is 
committed to excellence; all qualified applicants are urged to apply. 

EEO/AA/ADA. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Lecturer 2413 

(F04/05–105) University of Texas-Pan American,Department of English, Edinburg,, 
Texas 78541 

Lecturers 
Applications and nominations are invited for several non-tenure track positions at 
the rank of Lecturer beginning Fall 2005. One year appointment. The Department 
of English seeks candidates to teach a variety of composition and possibly 
some introductory literature courses in our undergraduate, general education 
core curriculum. Required: MA in English and experience teaching writing to a 
diverse student body. Preferred: PhD or A.B.D. in English and experience teaching 
developmental writing courses. 

For more information about the Department of English, please visit our web 
page (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). Screening of applications will 
begin immediately. Positions open until filled. Send application letter, all undergraduate 
and graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Professor 
Steven Schneider, Chair, Department of English, University of Texas-Pan 
American, Ediburg, Texas 78541. The University is committed to equal employment 
opportunities and encourages applications from women, minorities, and 
persons with disabilities. Note: This position is security-sensitive and subject to 
Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes the employer to obtain criminal 
history record information. Texas law requires faculty members whose primary 
language is not English to demonstrate proficiency in English. 

UTAH 
U of Utah 

English, 255 Central Campus Dr, Rm 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Gordon B. Hinckley Chair in British Literature 2517 

http://www.hum.utah.edu/english 
The University of Utah's College of Humanities invites applications and nominations 
for the Gordon B. Hinckley Chair in British Literature and Culture. We 
are seeking a senior professor with a distinguished record as a scholar and teacher 
in any aspect of British Literary Studies. This position is supported by a generous 
endowment in the name of Gordon B.Hinckley. Letters of inquiry and nomination 
should be sent to: Stuart Culver, Chair, University of Utah Department of 
English, 255 South Central Campus Drive, Room 3500,Salt Lake City, UT 
84112-0494. Candidates should include a letter of application, c.v. and three letters 
of reference. The University of Utah is an EO/AA employer and encourages 
applications from women and minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation 
to the known disabilities of applicants and employees. 

WEST VIRGINIA 
West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Tutoring Center Coordinator 2506 

http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ 
TUTORING CENTER COORDINATOR. West Virginia University's Department 
of English invites applications for a newly created, full-time, non-tenure 
track position to develop and manage the activities of a Tutoring Center that 
will support students enrolled in University writing courses. The person we hire 
will supervise writing tutors (graduate assistants and undergraduate peer tutors) 
and will also teach composition. The initial appointment is for 3 years. REQUIREMENTS: 
Master's or doctoral degree in English or closely related field; 
experience teaching composition; and knowledge of tutoring and tutoring centers. 
We welcome administrative or faculty development experience; additional 
expertise in English as a second language a plus. APPLICATION: Cover letter 
and c.v.; brief statement of teaching philosophy; three letters of reference; and a 

brief (10–15 page) portfolio of teaching and/or administrative materials. ADDRESS: 
Professor Laura Brady, Tutoring Coordinator Search Committee, Department 
of English, PO Box 6296, West Virginia University, Morgantown, WV 
26506-6296. DEADLINE: Review of applications begins March 25, 2005 and 
will continue until the position is filled. For more information, please visit our 
website: http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ 

WVU is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and complies with all 
Federal and West Virginia State laws, regulations, and executive orders regarding 
affirmative action requirements in all programs. The University and department 
have a strong commitment to achieving diversity among faculty, staff, and students. 
We strongly encourage applications from persons of color, women, and 
other members of under-represented groups. [R] 

West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Writing Across the Curriculum Coordinator 

http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ 
BEGINNING OR ADVANCED ASSISTANT PROFESSOR. West Virginia 
University's English Department welcomes applications for a newly-created tenure-
track position to begin as early as August 16, 2005 (later date negotiable). 
We seek a writing-across-the-curriculum (WAC) coordinator who can enhance 
our support of undergraduate writing and participate in new departmental and 
campus-wide writing initiatives. RESPONSIBILITIES include helping University 
faculty shape discipline-based writing courses, leading WAC workshops, and 
teaching writing courses within the English department. REQUIREMENTS: a 
Ph.D. in English, Composition, or a closely related field; demonstrated teaching 
excellence; and evidence of a strong scholarly profile. We welcome administrative 
or faculty development experience and additional expertise in professional, 
technical, or other discipline-specific writing. APPLICATION: cover letter and 
c.v.; brief statement of WAC philosophy; transcript and three letters of reference; 
and scholarly writing sample. ADDRESS: Professor Laura Brady, WAC Search 
Committee, Department of English, PO Box 6296, West Virginia University, 
Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. DEADLINE: Review of applications begins 

March 25, 2005 and will continue until the position is filled. For more information, 
please visit our website: http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ 
WVU is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and complies with all 

Federal and West Virginia State laws, regulations, and executive orders regarding 
affirmative action requirements in all programs. The University and department 
have a strong commitment to achieving diversity among faculty, staff, and students. 
We strongly encourage applications from persons of color, women, and 
other members of under-represented groups. [R] 

WISCONSIN 
Carroll C 

English, 100 N East Av Waukesha WI 53186 

Full-time, tenure track assistant professor 

http://www.cc.edu/visitors/visitors_employ_faculty.html 
Tenure track English generalist position requires the ability to teach Eighteenth, 
Nineteenth, and Twentieth Century British Literature, Composition and Introductory 
Linguistics. A background in Shakespeare and/or Introduction to Theory 
would also be beneficial. Preference will be given to candidates who have 
completed or are very near completion of the Ph.D. in English. Strong commitment 
to teaching and a record of professional and scholarly activity expected. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, 
writing sample, graduate transcripts and three letters of reference to: Dr. Lynne 
Bernier, Provost, Carroll College, 100 N. East Avenue, Waukesha, WI 53186, 
lbernier@cc.edu Please see complete job description at http://www.cc.edu/ 
visitors/visitors_employ_faculty.html 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Carroll C 

English, 100 N East Av Waukesha WI 53186 

Full-time, non-tenure track assistant professor 2464 

http://www.cc.edu/visitors/visitors_employ_faculty.html 
Non-tenure track position in English/Writing to assist in developing a growing 
writing program. Ideal candidate will have a terminal degree and teaching experience 
in Composition and Rhetoric and/or Creative Nonfiction. Experience in 
overseeing and training writing tutors/consultants and secondary expertise in 
poetry writing are especially desirable. Strong commitment to teaching and a 
record of professional and scholarly activity expected. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, writing sample, graduate 
transcripts and three letters of reference to: Dr. Lynne Bernier, Provost, Carroll 
College, 100 N. East Avenue, Waukesha, WI 53186, lbernier@cc.edu Please see 
complete job description at http://www.cc.edu/visitors/visitors_employ_faculty 
.html 

U of Wisconsin-Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of English 2532 

http://www.uwplatt.edu 
Ph.D. in English/TESOL; ABD acceptable, but Ph.D. must be completed by 
August 22, 2005. Secondary emphasis in Composition Studies required. College-
level teaching experience required. Responsibilities include four courses per 
semester, including TESOL methods or Linguistics and Composition. Send letter 
of application, cv, and three letters of reference to Chair, TESOL Search and 
Screen Committee, Department of Humanities, (Reference Code ENGL/ 
TESOL 3C), University of Wisconsin-Platteville, 1 University Plaza, Platteville, 
WI 53818-3099. Review of applications begins March 18, 2005. The University 
of Wisconsin-Platteville, an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, seeks 
to build a diverse faculty and staff and encourages applications from women and 
persons of color. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of English 2531 

http://www.uwplatt.edu 
Ph.D. in English or American Studies; ABD acceptable, but Ph.D. must be completed 
by August 22, 2005. Emphasis in Native American, Latino/a, Asian 
American or African American literature required. College-level teaching experience 
including teaching composition required. Responsibilities include four 
courses per semester that will likely include two or three sections of first-year 
composition and one American literature course. Send letter of application, cv, 
and three letters of reference to Chair, American Literature Search and Screen 
Committee, Department of Humanities, (Reference Code ENGL AM LIT 1A), 
University of Wisconsin-Platteville, 1 University Plaza, Platteville, WI 538183099. 
Review of applications begins March 18, 2005. The University of Wisconsin-
Platteville, an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, seeks to 
build a diverse faculty and staff and encourages applications from women and 
persons of color. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of English 2530 

http://www.uwplatt.edu 
Ph.D. in English/Professional writing; ABD acceptable, but Ph.D. must be completed 
by August 22, 2005. Secondary emphasis in British or Contemporary literature 
required. The ideal candidate would have experience as a workplace 
writing practitioner. College-level teaching experience including teaching composition 
required. Responsibilities include four courses per semester that will 
likely include two to three sections of first-year composition and one course in 

professional writing or literature. Send letter of application, cv, and three letters 
of reference to Chair, Professional Writing Search and Screen Committee, Department 
of Humanities, (Reference Code ENGL PROF WRITING 2B), University 
of Wisconsin-Platteville, 1 University Plaza, Platteville, WI 53818. 
Review begins March 18, 2005. The University of Wisconsin-Platteville, an 
equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, seeks to build a diverse faculty 
and staff and encourages applications from women and persons of color. [R] 

OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS 
U of Southampton 

Human Resources Department, Highfield Southampton SO17 1BJ England 

Professor of English 

http://www.jobs.soton.ac.uk 
University of Southampton 
School of Humanities 
The School brings together seven arts and humanities disciplines, in one of the 

UK's most successful research-led universities. The appointment is aimed at 
strengthening its academic leadership in a key academic area, and is tenable from 
1 September 2005. 

Professor of English 
Applications are invited from candidates with outstanding research records in any 
aspect of the long eighteenth century, extensive experience of teaching, and 
some experience of administering major research projects. We are particularly 
interested in applications from candidates with research interests in women's 
writing or gender studies. The successful candidate will be expected to lead research 
collaboration between the University and the Chawton House Library of 
early women's writing, including researchers in History, History of Art, and 

Music, and to provide academic leadership more broadly in English and the 
School of Humanities. 
English at the University of Southampton is highly rated for both its teaching 

and research. In the 2001 Research Assessment Exercise it was rated 5A, and has 
been very successful in obtaining grant awards. Full details are available on our 
web pages www.english.soton.ac.uk/contents.htm 

Candidates wishing to discuss the post informally may contact the Head of English, 
Professor Peter Middleton on +44(0)23 8059 3410, email: 
P.Middleton@soton.ac.uk 

Application forms and further particulars for all the above posts may be obtained 
from the Human Resources Department, University of Southampton, Highfield, 
Southampton SO17 1BJ. Tel: +44(0)23 8059 2750, email: recruit@soton.ac.uk 
or minicom: +44(0)23 8059 5595, alternatively visit our website www 
.jobs.soton.ac.uk Please quote reference 04P0522. Applications, including a full 
CV, should be returned by 15 April 2005. Interviews will take place on either 
1 June 2005 or 3 June 2005. 

Working for Equal Opportunities 

COMPARATIVE LITERATURE 
California SU, Long Beach 

Comp World Lit & Classics, 1250 Bellflower Blvd, MHB 517 Long Beach 
CA 90840 

Lecturer, Comparative Literature 

http://www.csulb.edu/depts/complit/ 
MA in Comparative Literature or related field, specialization in medieval and/or 
Renaissance continental European literature; Ph. D. or ABD preferred. One year 
appointment, possible renewal based on budget and performance, or unless the 
University authorizes a tenure track search for the position for 2006–2007. Ability 
to teach specialized courses as well as GE courses, e.g. World Literature, European 
Literature, theater and drama, interdisciplinary courses. The candidate 
must communicate effectively with an ethnically and culturally diverse campus 
community. Salary range: commensurate with qualifications and experience. Re-

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


quired Documentation: letter of application; curriculum vitae; three letters of 
recommendation; official transcripts; teaching evaluation summaries. Finalists 
must provide an SC-1 form, furnished by the Department. Address inquiries and 
applications to Charles Jernigan, Chair, Department of Comparative World Literature 
and Classics (jernigan@csulb.edu). An EEO employer. [R] 

LINGUISTICS AND ESL 
East Carolina U 

English, 2201 General Classroom Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor: SLA/TESL/Linguistics 2555 

http://www.ecu.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, starting August 22, 2005. Ph.D. in 
Second Language Acquisition/Teaching English as a Second Language, in English 
linguistics or in linguistics with specialization in SLA/TESL; evidence of 
scholarly potential required. Proficiency in Spanish a plus. Appropriate service to 
the university, community, and profession is expected. Screening begins April 4, 
2005; position open until filled. Send letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy 
and research agenda, and three current reference letters to this address:Dr. 
Bruce SouthardBox TDepartment of EnglishEast Carolina UniversityGreenville, 
NC 27858-4353An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action University. Accommodates 
individuals with disabilities. Individuals requesting a disability accommodation 
should call the ECU Office of Disability Support Services at 
252-328-6799 (Voice/TTY/Relay). Proper documentation of identity and employability 
are required at the time of employment. Official transcript required 
upon employment. Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/english. 
[R] 

Montgomery C 

English, 3200 College Park Dr Conroe TX 77384 

Instructor of ESL/Modern Language (1 position available) Ref#40439 2375 

http://job.nhmccd.edu 
SALARY: Starting salary is commensurate with educational qualifications and 
experience. This is a 9 or 10.5-month contract, as elected.START DATE: August 
2005 Montgomery College, an innovative and dynamic community college 
located in the pine-forested northern suburbs of Houston, has openings for full-
time faculty. The college is looking for a diverse group of colleagues who want 
to continue growing professionally, who enjoy creating thematic courses and 
participating in learning communities, who prefer teaching with the latest technologies, 
who want to make a difference in the lives of students, and who want 
to have a voice in shaping curriculum. Learning to fulfill individual dreams and 
enhance community life is the mission of Montgomery College. Check out the 
college website at www.montgomery-college .POSITION DESCRIPTION: 
Teach across spectrum of language, literature, and culture courses in a Modern 
Language using innovative methodology· Teach English as a Second Language 
courses· Make continuous efforts to improve the quality of instruction by reviewing 
and utilizing innovative methodologies, techniques and delivery methods
· Develop and use a syllabus for each course within college and departmental 
guidelines· Plan, develop and use a variety of teaching methods and materials 
that assist students in meeting course objectives and which are appropriate for 
students with differing educational and experiential background and learning 
styles· Evaluate students to measure their progress toward achievement of stated 
course objectives and inform them in a timely manner of their progress in the 
course· Submit required college reports and forms· Maintain professional relationships 
with students, colleagues and the community· Work as a team member 
in a collaborative environment· Teach courses at a variety of times and locations 
in response to institutional needs· Provide access to students through posted office 
hours, electronic communication and other appropriate methods· Perform 
other job-related duties as required QUALIFICATIONS: Required· Master's 
degree with 18 graduate hours in a Modern Language, with native or near-native 
fluency; 18 graduate hours in English as a Second Language or closely-related 
area· Ability to use oral proficiency methodologyPreferred· 18 graduate 
hours in Arabic, German, English, French, Italian, or Japanese· Prior community 
college teaching experience· TESOL or CELTA certification· Knowledge of, or 

exposure to, various cultures (e.g. living abroad)· Experience using collaborative 
learning, learning technologies, interdisciplinary teaching, and/or adult learning 
methodologyThis position is subject to the successful completion of a criminal 
background check. ALL APPLICATIONS SHOULD BE COMPLETED ONLINE 
AT:WEB: http://job.nhmccd.edu FAX: 832-813-6686 (Transcripts and 
certifications only) Review date: 2/15/05. Review of materials begins 
February 15, 2005 and will continue until the positions are filled. NHMCCD 
fosters and appreciates ethnic and cultural diversity among its faculty, students, 
and administrative staff. Applications from women, ethnic minorities, veterans, 
and individuals with disabilities are welcome.Submit: A completed NHMCCD 
on-line application. Attach to your on-line application a resume and a cover letter 
referencing job #40439 that addresses how you meet the job requirements as 
described in this vacancy announcement. Copies of transcripts and applicable 
certifications and licenses (applicants with foreign credentials must submit a US 
transcript evaluation) may be faxed to the District Human Resources office at 
the number listed above. AA/EEO 

U of Minnesota Duluth 

Composition, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Linguistics Generalist 

http://www.d.umn.edu/ 
The University of Minnesota Duluth, Department of Composition seeks to hire 
an individual for a full-time tenure-track teaching position in Linguistics. The 
successful candidate will teach a range of linguistics courses including Introduction 
to Language, Phonology, Morphology, and Syntax with the possibility of 
teaching Composition. The teaching load is typically five classes per year. The 
department expects the candidate to produce research in a relevant field. Service 

includes: advising students, committee assignments and department and curriculum 
development. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience. 
Required education and experience include: PHD (completed by July 1, 2005) 

in linguistics. Background to teach general linguistics courses. Clear plan for a 

program of research 
Preferred education and experience include: One or more years of teaching at 
the college level, with teaching experience in history and structure of English, 
applied linguistics for teachers, and linguistics for composition. Evidence of excellence 
in teaching, with a record of presentation and publication in the fields 
cited in the description, as well as a record of collaborative work in service 
and/or administration. 

Applicants should submit a letter of application, transcript, curriculum vita, and 
samples of scholarly and/or professional work. Applicants should also request that 
three letters of reference be sent. Completed applications will be reviewed beginning 
March 1, 2005. Send all materials to: University of Minnesota Duluth, 
Department of Composition, 420 Humanities Building, 1201 Ordean Court, 
Duluth, Minnesota 55812. 

The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. 
[R] 

DEPARTMENT CHAIRS/DEANSHIPS 
Chapman U 

English & Comp Lit, 333 N Glassell Orange CA 92866 

Chair 985 

http://www.chapman.edu 
Chapman University, a comprehensive, liberal-arts based university, in southern 
California, seeks a chair, for the Department of English & Comparative Literature. 
Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature required. Candidates must possess 
a distinguished record of teaching and research. Administrative experience at 
the level of department chair or program director is highly desirable. Area of 
scholarship and teaching open. Applicants must also demonstrate commitment to 
general education, composition, creative writing, and graduate education. With 
approximately 240 undergraduate and graduate majors, the department offers 
undergraduate programs in literature, comparative literature, creative writing and 
journalism, and graduate degrees in literature and creative writing. Applicants 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


should send letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference to: Dr. Mark 
Axelrod, Chair, Department of English and Comparative Literature, Chapman 
University, Orange, CA 92866. Application review begins November 1, 2004, 
and will continue until the position is filled. Chapman University is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer, committed to providing career opportunities to all people, 
without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, sexual 
orientation, disability, or veteran status. [R] 

Tr o y U 

English, 272 Smith Hall Troy AL 36082 

Chair, English Department 2489 

http://www.troy.edu/humanresources/jobs.htm 
The Department of English on the Troy campus of Troy University invites applications 
for the position of department chair. The Troy campus of Troy University 
enrolls approximately 6000 students, and the Department of English has 
approximately 100 majors and minors annually. The qualified candidate must 
have an earned doctorate in English, an outstanding teaching record and reputation, 
a distinguished record of scholarship extending over several years, and at 
least three years' administrative experience at the department chair level or its 
equivalent. Colleagues from any area of English studies are encouraged to apply. 
The successful candidate will be responsible for managing the human, fiscal, and 
physical resources of the department and will be on a 12 month contract. The 
English Department has twenty full-time faculty members and offers both teaching 
and non-teaching majors, a creative writing minor, and graduate courses in 
support of two M.Ed. degrees. The starting date for this position is August 1, 
2005. Review of applications will begin April 1, 2005, and will continue until 
the position is filled. Send letter of application, current curriculum vitae, copies 
of official transcripts, and three letters of professional reference to Human Resources, 
Troy University, Troy, AL 36082. Troy University is an AA/EEO 
employer and encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, women, 
African Americans and other minorities. Visit our website at www.troyst.edu/ 
humanresources/jobs.htm 

ENGLISH EDITION • APRIL 2005 


MLA JOB 
INFORMATION 
SERVICE 

26 Broadway, 
3rd floor 
New York, NY 10004-1789 

FIRST CLASS MAIL 

• 
Job Information List 
on the World Wide Web 
• 
How to access the electronic 
JIL 
(inside front cover) 
FIRST CLASS MAIL 
DATED MATERIAL 


First Class 
US Postage 
PAID 
New York, NY 
Permit No. 2967 



