Modern Language Association

J

Job
Information

List

I

L

English and foreign Language Edition • SUMMER 2010

Contents

English Departmental Job Listings

US Colleges and Universities . 1

Canadian Institutions . 28

Overseas Institutions . 29

Postdoctoral . 32

Nonacademic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32

Foreign Language Departmental Job Listings

Foreign Language Positions (by Language) . 33

Technology and Language Teaching . 66

Linguistics and ESL 66

Multiple Competencies . 67

Postdoctoral . 67

Nonacademic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
and the Association of Departments of Foreign Languages

WRD–Documents (JIL ƒ) File: JIL ENG C1 April 10.P1T1 Job Number: 130-20 3/18/10—LG/KM





Alabama

Auburn U

English, 
9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849

Professor and Department Head 12807

http:// auburn .edu/ english


AUBURN UNIVERSITY – Head and Professor, Department of English, 
starting date negotiable, preferably no later than August 1, 2011. 
Four year termed appointment, renewable for one term. PhD in English 
or in another specialty represented in the Department. Significant record 
of scholarly achievement, teaching excellence, and administrative experience 
at an accredited research university. Must be eligible for tenure 
at the rank of full professor at Auburn University and be committed to 
AU’s missions of teaching, research, and outreach. Must meet eligibility 
requirements to work in the US at the time the appointment is scheduled 
to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of employment; 
excellent communication skills required. Send letter of application, 
c.v., statement of administrative philosophy, teaching philosophy, 
description of research program, three letters of recommendation, and 
contact information for three additional professional references to Professor 
Ann Knipschild, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
9030 Haley Center, Auburn University, AL 36849-5203. Review of applications 
will begin September 15, 2010 and will continue until position 
is filled. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Affimative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
For more information visit our website: 
http:// www .auburn .edu/ english.


U of Alabama, Huntsville

English, 
Morton Hall, Rm 222 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899

Dramatic Literature (tenure-earning position) 12781

http:// www .uah .edu/ english


The University of Alabama in Huntsville invites applications for a tenure-
earning position in Dramatic Literature, with ability to teach upper 
level and graduate courses in Shakespeare, beginning in the fall of 2010 
or spring of 2011 (negotiable). Preference will be given to applicants with 
secondary specialty in one or more of the following: Performance Studies, 
Film Studies, New Media. Ph.D. by time of appointment. The teaching 
load is normally three courses per semester, including first-year composition, 
sophomore literature, and upper-level and graduate courses. The 
department offers the B. A. and M. A. in English. 
Send letter, vita and 
contact information for three references, including name, address, phone 
number and email address, by July 1, 2010, to Dr. Rose Norman, Chair, 
Dept. of English, 
Univ. of Alabama in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer. 
[R]

U of Alabama, Huntsville

English, 
Morton Hall, Rm 222 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899

Americanist (tenure-earning position) 12780

http:// www .uah .edu/ english


The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks an Americanist for a tenure-
earning position beginning in the fall of 2010 or spring of 2011 (negotiable). 
Ph.D. by time of appointment. The teaching load is normally 
three courses per semester. Applicants should be interested in teaching 
first-year composition, sophomore literature, and upper-level and graduate 
courses in American literature to 1865. Preference will be given to applicants 
with secondary specialty in one or more of the following:

Latino/a or African-American literatures, ecocriticism, science and literature. 
The department offers the B. A. and M. A. in English. 
Send letter, 
vita and contact information for three references, including name, address, 
phone number and email address, by July 1, 2010, to Dr. Rose Norman, 
Chair, Dept. of English, 
Univ. of Alabama in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 
35899. The University of Alabama in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer. 
[R]

U of South Alabama

English, 
307 University Blvd, HUMB 240 Mobile AL 36688

Instructor (Composition and Sophomore Literature) 12778

http:///www .southalabama .edu/

The University of South Alabama English 
Department invites applications 
for Instructor positions, starting August 15, 2010 (4/4 teaching load). Required: 
experience teaching freshman composition and sophomore literature 
courses; MA or MFA in English 
or related field; evidence of strong 
commitment to teaching college freshmen and sophomores. Send vita, 
cover letter, official transcripts, and three original letters of recommendation 
to Larry Beason, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
HUMB 240, University of South Alabama, Mobile, AL 36688. Review 
of applications will begin June 7. The University of South Alabama is an 
Equal Opportunity/ Equal Access Employer.


California

Biola U

Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, 13800 Biola Avenue La 
Mirada CA 90639

Assistant Professor-Honors Program 12616

http:// www .biola .edu

Biola University’s Torrey Honors Institute seeks applicants for a tenure-
track position.

Responsibilities:

Summer 2010

English 
Departmental Job Listings

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i).

1 ENGLISH EDITION • SUMMER 2010



• Teaching an established great books curriculum to undergraduate honors 
students. The teaching load is eight courses per year, the course content 
is interdisciplinary, and the required pedagogy is Socratic.

• Mentoring students in their general education, college life, and spiritual 
development.

• Maintaining a profile of scholarly publishing and communication.

Qualifications:

Candidate must hold Ph.D. or terminal equivalent in any field that is central 
to the humanities, e.g, Modern Languages, English, 
Comparative 
Literature, History, Political Science, or Philosophy and New Testament. 
The successful candidate must also give evidence of having sustained a 
lively academic interest in a variety of fields beyond that specialty, a desire 
to pursue further intellectual development in a range of disciplines, a love 
of liberal arts education, a sophisticated approach to integrating Christian 
truth claims with all university disciplines, and an ability to think fast in 
seminar discussion. We especially encourage applications from women 
and ethnic minorities.

Profile:

Biola University is an evangelical Protestant university. Faculty endorse 
a university doctrinal statement, adhere to the Standard of Conduct, and 
are committed to the integration of faith and learning. Biola serves a student 
body of over 5,800 undergraduate and graduate students, and is accredited 
by WASC. Torrey Honors Institute delivers thirty units of liberal 
arts general education and thirty units of Bible and theology to honors 
students. See http:// www .biola .edu/ academics/ torrey/ for details.

Application Process:

Position begins Fall 2010, open until filled. Please send application letter 
and curriculum vita to the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, 
Biola University, 13800 Biola Avenue, La Mirada, CA 90639. Fax: (562) 
903-4761

C of the Desert

Communications Div, 43–500 Monterey Av Palm Desert CA 92260

Director, English, 
Reading and Languages 12664

http:// jobs .collegeofthedesert .edu

The Director, English, 
Reading, and Languages is an Educational Administrator 
as designated by the Board of Trustees of the Desert Community 
College District. The Director is charged by the Board of Trustees 
with the satisfactory implementation of Board policy and district or college 
procedures as applicable to the position. In addition, the Director is 
expected to make appropriate recommendations for modifications, additions 
or deletions in policy and/or through the appropriate authority.

Under the direction of the School Dean, the Director is responsible for 
the leadership by planning, managing, coordinating, scheduling, and 
evaluation the activities of the academic disciplines in English, 
Reading, 
Languages, ESL, ESLN, and Adult Basic Education and other related duties 
and responsibilities assigned. 

Minimum Qualifications:

Possession of a master’s degree and one (1) year of formal training, internship, 
or leadership experience reasonably related to the administrator’s administrative 
assignment. 

Template Title: Director, English, 
Reading and Languages 

Posting Number: 0600055 

Position Type: Administrator 

Position Status: Regular 

Division: Communications 

Department: Communications 

Pay Range: $80,339-$116,341 with maximum placement being $102,833 

Step: IX 

Benefits: Health, dental, life, vision, and Employee Assistance Plan are 
available for full-time employees only. Full-time 12 month supervisors 
earn 12 sick days, 20 vacation days and 15 holidays per year. 

Posting Date: 03–24–2010 

Closing Date: 04–23–2010

Optional Applicant Documents: Cover Letter 

Required Applicant Documents: Resume, List of References (see Special 
Instructions), Statement (see Special Instructions), Unofficial Transcript 1, 
Unofficial Transcript 2 

Special Instructions to Applicants: One (1) page statement addressing:

Evidence of a sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic,socioeconomic,cultural,disability and ethnic backgrounds of community 
college students.

In addition to the personal references listed on the first page of the application, 
on a separate sheet of paper, submit a list which includes: two 
current or previous supervisors, two faculty members, and two other references 
not related to the applicant (including one classified or support 
staff) for us to contact as references. Please include names, addresses and 
telephone numbers. Applicants from sectors other than higher education 
should submit comparable references.

For complete job description or information on how to apply, please 
visit:https:// jobs .collegeofthedesert .edu jeid-58cc56818a465b27804fd3f1309fa6b8


Foothill C

Lang Arts Div, 12345 El Monte Rd Los Altos Hills CA 94022

English 
Instructor 12629

http:// www .fhdajobs .net/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=179136

The Foothill-De Anza Community College District is currently accepting 
applications for three faculty positions of English 
Instructor, De Anza 
College.

DE ANZA COLLEGE ENGLISH PROGRAM PROFILE:

The English 
Department offers a sequence of composition and reading 
courses from two levels below transfer through four transfer-level courses. 
Our classes support the acquisition of analytical, communication, language, 
critical thinking, and social skills that enable students to succeed 
in their studies and in their lives. These courses form the core of offerings 
and constitute a majority of every faculty member’s teaching load. In addition, 
we offer a variety of elective courses that include multicultural and 
multiethnic literature courses and creative writing.

Job # 10–065

Duties and Responsibilities

*This position will become Open Until Filled after the initial Closing 
Date. Any complete applications received while the position is Open 
Until Filled will be reviewed by the hiring committee only upon committee 
request.

Conditions

SALARY RANGE: $52,640-$86,454 annually plus benefits; actual placement 
is non-negotiable and is based on applicant’s verified education and 
experience.

TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT: Full-time, Tenure-track position, 10 
months per year.

STARTING DATE: Fall 2010

For more information about our application process contact: Employment 
Services, Foothill-De Anza Community College District, 12345 El 
Monte Road, Los Altos Hills, California 94022

(650) 949-6217

Email: employment@ fhda .edu

http:// www .fhda .edu

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

1. Understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, 
socio-economic, ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds, disability, 
and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty and staff.

2. Master’s in English, 
literature, comparative literature, or composition 
OR Bachelor’s in any of the above AND Master’s in linguistics, TESL, 

2 ENGLISH EDITION • SUMMER 2010



speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or 
journalism OR the equivalent.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

1. Experience and coursework and/or training in cross-cultural teaching/ 
learning, working with diverse learning styles, language acquisition skills, 
and developing multicultural curriculum materials.

2. Training and/or experience in creating multicultural curriculum including 
diverse cultural, international, gender, and ethnic perspectives in 
developmental and transfer courses.

3. Experience teaching developmental composition and reading, and literature 
courses in a multicultural secondary, college or university setting.

4. Experience teaching composition and reading, critical thinking, and 
college study skills to students who have traditionally been underserved.

5. Knowledge of current theories of composition, reading, and critical 
thinking for diverse student populations.

6. Experience collaborating with colleagues and developing curriculum 
that incorporates interdisciplinary approaches to learning and teaching.

7. Commitment to assuming leadership roles, developing programs, working 
as a member of a department or a division team, and/or participating 
in the shared governance of the college.

Campus: De Anza

Terms: 10 Month

Department: Language Arts

Salary: $52,640-$86,454

Job Close Date: 05–28–2010

To apply, please visit: http:// www .fhdajobs .net/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=179136

EOE

MiraCosta Comm C

Letters, 1 Barnard Dr, MS 8C Oceanside CA 92056

ESL Instructors (Part-time) 12826

http:// apptrkr .com/152296

Closing Date: Open until filled

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: The college is recruiting instructors to build 
a pool for future part-time assignments in credit ESL. For information 
about the Credit ESL Program, go to http:// www .miracosta .edu/ Instruction/ 
ESL/ index .htm.

RATE OF PAY: Placement on the associate faculty salary schedule is 
based on education. For a 3 hour-per-week credit ESL class, the salary 
range is $3,371-$3,995 per semester. For a 4 hour-per-week class, the 
range is $4,495-$5,326 per semester.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: To be eligible for this assignment, you 
must meet and provide evidence of the following minimum qualifications:

A Master’s degree in TESL, TESOL, applied linguistics with a TESL emphasis, 
linguistics with a TESL emphasis, English 
with a TESL emphasis, 
or education with a TESL emphasis;

OR Bachelor’s degree in TESL, TESOL, English 
with a TESL certificate, 
linguistics with a TESL certificate, applied linguistics with a TESL 
certificate, or any foreign language with a TESL certificate and Master’s 
degree in linguistics, applied linguistics, English, 
composition, bilingual/ 
bicultural studies, reading, speech, or any foreign language;

OR a valid appropriate California teaching credential authorizing credit 
ESL instruction in a community college;

OR the equivalent (view the equivalency instructions and guidelines at 
http:// www .miracosta .edu/ equivalency .pdf);

AND sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, 
cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community college 
students.

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: Applicants must submit the following 
materials to the Human Resources Office in building 1000 on the 
Oceanside Campus:

1) A completed MiraCosta College District academic application form. 
Download the application form from http:// apptrkr .com/152296 under 
the section “Part Time (Associate) Faculty Openings.” The application 
form is available as both a pdf and Word file.

2) A cover letter addressed to the “Selection Committee.”

3) A resume summarizing your educational background and experience.

4a) Transcripts of ALL college coursework—unofficial or legible copies 
are acceptable but must indicate that the degree(s) has been conferred, if 
applicable. If your degree(s) is from a college or university outside of the 
United States, you must submit a detailed evaluation from a professional 
evaluation agency.

4b) If applicable, a copy (front and back) of your California teaching credential 
authorizing credit ESL instruction in a community college.

4c) Submit an equivalency narrative and supporting documentation IF 
you do not meet the minimum degree qualifications directly (view the 
instructions for equivalency requests at http:// www .miracosta .edu/ equivalency 
.pdf).

Applicants will not be contacted unless selected for interview.

Offer of employment to the persons selected for these assignments is contingent 
upon 1) submission of a current tuberculosis clearance, 2) proof 
of eligibility to work in the United States, 3) fingerprint clearance, and 
4) submission of transcripts indicating appropriate degree(s) conferred or 
submission of valid appropriate California teaching credential.

If you are a person with a disability and require accommodation with 
the application and/or interview process, please contact the Human Resources 
office.

MiraCosta College, Attn: Human Resources, 1 Barnard Drive, Oceanside 
CA 92056

Questions? Contact Human Resources. phone: (760) 795-6854

e-mail: jobs@ miracosta .edu fax: (760) 795-6867

San Francisco Comm Coll District

33 Gough Street San Francisco CA 94103

Humanities/ English 
Instructor 12573

http:// jobs .ccsf .edu

Position Title: Humanities/ English 
Instructor (Tenure-Track) 

Posting Number: 0100017 

Filing Deadline (All postings close at 4:00 PM): 04–15–2010

Job Type: Faculty-Tenure-Track/ Part-Time Pool 

Examples of Duties:

1. Teach Humanities and English 
courses:

a. The courses labeled “Humanities” at City College of San Francisco are 
non-technical, interdisciplinary studies of the ways the arts clarify or reveal 
values. At least three of the arts (visual, music, literature, dance, film, 
and drama) form the basis of each course. Sometimes the approach to values 
is through genres, sometimes through historical development, sometimes 
through theme.

b. The courses labeled “English” 
may include university-level composition 
and literature courses as well as basic skills and pre-collegiate composition 
and reading courses.

c. The ratio of Humanities to English 
courses constituting a fulltime load 
may vary each semester, depending on departmental need and student demand.


2. Teach day, evening, and/or Saturday classes at any of the college’s campuses.


3. Share responsibility for departmental projects, such as but not limited 
to assessment, course-level coordination, and grant work.

4. Serve on peer evaluation, departmental, interdepartmental, and college-
wide committees.

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 3



5. Hold regular office hours on campus and be available to assist and advise 
students as needed.

6. Collaborate with other instructors revising course outlines, assessing 
learning outcomes, working with student groups, creating rubrics, developing 
classroom instructional materials, and organizing professional development 
training.

7. Work with the Department Curriculum Committee to revise the curriculum 
and develop new courses to reflect current research and address 
the needs of our students.

8. Follow the course outline in assigning, commenting on, and grading 
student work in a timely, beneficial manner.

9. Use learning labs and technologies to supplement student learning and 
enhance instruction.

10. Perform other related duties as assigned by the Department Chair and 
relevant coordinators, especially the Humanities Coordinator. In particular, 
the instructor must organize several field trips each term and demonstrate 
involvement in the Bay Area art scene. 

To apply, please visit our website at http:// jobs .ccsf .edu

Stanford U

Education Program for Gifted Youth-EPGY, 220 Panama Street 
Stanford CA 94305

OHS English 
Instructor 12759

http:// epgy .stanford .edu/

English 
Instructor, The Education Program for Gifted Youth (EPGY) 
Online High School (OHS) at Stanford University

The Education Program for Gifted Youth (EPGY) Online High School 
(OHS) at Stanford University is seeking an English 
Instructor (EI) for academic 
year 2010–2011. Primary responsibilities include:

• ongoing revision and improvement of online English 
courses;

• teaching English 
courses to OHS Students;

• working with senior instructors at the OHS to develop assignments that 
further the pedagogical objectives of the Online High School;

• working on ways to improve and deepen the quality of English 
instruction 
delivered to students;

• the instruction of 3–4 week intensive residential summer courses (as 
needed); and

• the direction of extracurricular academic activities for OHS students.

The EI is required to have an advanced degree in English 
or a related 
subject, with a Ph.D. preferred. Prior experience teaching writing at the 
high school or college level is required. Prior experience in gifted education 
is desirable as is prior experience with independent schools. Because 
of the age range of students which the EI may be instructing it is desirable 
for the EI to have prior experience teaching middle-school students or 
students in the first year or two of high school. Prior experience teaching 
History or related subjects is desired.

PLEASE NOTE: This is a fixed-term, potentially renewable position 
through 6/30/11.

For a detailed job description and application details, please see Job ID 
38332 on the Stanford Jobs page: http:// jobs .stanford .edu/ find_a_job .html.

TFIM

PO Box 1878 San Mateo CA 94401

Author-Publisher Seeks Personal/ Creative Projects Mgr 12761

Job functions:

Assist Author and Company Founder with creative projects, resource prospective 
contributors, arrange and schedule Author’s liaisons and research 
activities, participate in online presence, and a host of other activities related 
to novel creation, music production, and the visual arts. Company 
offices are in the San Francisco Bay Area, in downtown San Mateo and 
Woodside. The job involves close cooperation and coordination with staff 
managing the Author’s publishing company and other creative ventures.

Qualifications:

Creative chemistry with Author is paramount. Degree from a top college 
or university in English 
or comparative literature and a demonstrable passion 
for literary fiction and poetry in the Romantic vein (Blake, Hopkins, 
Coleridge, etc., but also Giono, St. Exupéry, Machen, Hamsun, early Ballard). 
Resourcefulness and mastery in scouting and developing new relationships 
from a cold start. Fearlessness in taking on new responsibilities. 
Ability to self-manage and solve complex problems. Good communication 
and team skills. High energy. Passion for the search for meaning through 
story. At least seven years of significant work experience in the arts.

This is a full-time, permanent position, and the Author-Publisher is willing 
to cover relocation expenses for the right candidate.

Compensation:

$80-$130K, plus comprehensive health care benefits and retirement plan.

Submit CV, along with 1) a list of favorite novels (and/or poetry), music 
and films, and 2) a description of a particular work of art that changed 
your life.

Submit to: pcpm .search@ gmail .com [R]

West Valley-Mission Comm Coll District

14000 Fruitvale Avenue Saratoga CA 95070

READING-Full-Time Instructor 12699

http:// www .wvm .edu/hr

ACADEMIC EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

APPLICATION DEADLINE: Tuesday, May 18, 2010, 5:00 P.M.

Job Number: 0910F026. Please put this number on the application.

Mission College is seeking applicants for a full-time, tenure-track, faculty 
position in reading. Duties will include teaching developmental and 
transfer-level reading courses, developing and revising curriculum for 
online, classroom, and lab instruction, and assisting students in a reading 
lab setting. Applicants should be able to work collaboratively with members 
of other disciplines and basic skills programs to provide reading skills 
instruction. College responsibilities include participation in professional 
committees, department and division meetings, and other activities that 
will enhance and further the College and District goals. Individuals who 
have the knowledge, skills, and abilities to address the needs of students 
from various cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds, students with various 
levels of preparation and students who may have learning disabilities 
are encouraged to apply.

ASSIGNMENT

This is a full-time, 10-month, tenure-track position, which begins Fall 
2010. The work assignment for teaching faculty consists of class assignments 
that total a load factor of 1.00 each semester as determined by the 
Hours and Load Factor Table, and other responsibilities which are necessary 
for the effective and efficient operation of the faculty member’s department, 
College and District. Work Location: Mission College. This 
position may be assigned to either Mission or West Valley College, or reassigned 
from one to the other.

SALARY AND BENEFITS

• Salary placement $48,891 (Step 1, Column A) to maximum earnable 
$96,804 (Step 24, Column F) annually is based on academic achievement, 
teaching and related experience. Maximum entry: $76,087 (Step 9, Column 
F).

• Employer-
paid medical, dental, vision for employee and dependents including 
children, spouse, or domestic partner

• Employer-
paid long term disability for employee.

• Voluntary life insurance

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

• Master’s degree in education with a specialization in reading or teaching 
reading OR



• Bachelor’s degree in any academic discipline AND twelve semester units 
of course work in teaching reading AND Master’s degree in English, 
literature, 
linguistics, applied linguistics, composition, comparative literature, 
TESL, or psychology OR

• Possess a valid California Community College Instructor’s Credential in 
the discipline OR

• The equivalent of the above. Degrees must be earned from an accredited 
institution. Candidates with degrees not identical to the required state or 
local qualifications must apply for equivalency by completing the equivalency 
form which is part of the application package. This form must be 
completed for employment consideration.

• Candidates with foreign degrees must provide official certification of 
equivalency to U.S. degrees by a certified U.S. credential review service. 
Simple translation of the language on foreign diplomas, transcripts, 
coursework, or similar will NOT suffice; thus, will cause the application 
packet to be judged as incomplete.

• Demonstrated ability to effectively teach, counsel or work with persons 
of diverse socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds.

District Human Resources Department, West Valley-Mission Community 
College District, 14000 Fruitvale Avenue, Saratoga, CA 95070-5698 
(West Valley College Campus – Administration Building by Lot 4).

HUMAN RESOURCES, West Valley–Mission Community College 
District, 14000 Fruitvale Avenue, Saratoga, CA 95070–5698

http:// www .wvm .edu/ hr

West Valley-Mission Comm Coll District

, 14000 Fruitvale Avenue Saratoga CA 95070

ENGLISH-Associate Faculty Pool 12698

http:// www .wvm .edu/hr

West Valley-Mission Community College District

ACADEMIC PART-TIME EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

ENGLISH-Associate Faculty Pool

The West Valley College English 
Department is seeking qualified composition 
instructors to serve as associate faculty to teach developmental 
and transfer-level writing courses on a part-time contract basis. Applicants 
who posses the knowledge, skills, ability, and life experiences to address 
the cultural and educational needs of linguistically and culturally diverse 
student populations are encouraged to apply.

APPLICATION DEADLINE: Wednesday, May 19, 2010, 5:00 P.M.

Job Number: 0910F028

Please put this number on the application.

ASSIGNMENT

The teaching assignment may require teaching day, evening or Saturday 
classes as needed, during Spring, Summer, and/or Fall semesters. This recruitment 
process is to pre-qualify you for possible future assignments. As 
an assignment becomes available, you may be contacted to determine if you 
are available to teach. This position may be assigned to either Mission College 
or West Valley College, or re-assigned from one College to the other.

SALARY

Salary is based on a percentage of workload up to a maximum of 60% 
(percent). Salary is prorated based on a minimum salary range of $18,261-
$21,688; maximum earnable up to $29,559.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

• Master’s degree in English, 
literature, comparative literature or composition 
OR

• Bachelor’s degree in English, 
literature, comparative literature or composition 
AND Master’s degree in linguistics, TESL, speech, education 
with a specialization in reading, creative writing or journalism OR

• Possess a valid California community College Instructor’s credential in 
the discipline OR

• The equivalent of the above. Degrees must be obtained from an accredited 
institution. Candidates with degrees not identical to the required 
state or local qualifications must apply for equivalency by completing the 
equivalency form which is part of the application package. This form must 
be completed for employment consideration.

• Candidates with foreign degrees must provide official certification of 
equivalency to U.S. degrees by a certified U.S. credential review service. 
Simple translation of the language on foreign diplomas, transcripts, 
coursework, or similar will NOT suffice; thus, will cause the application 
packet to be judged as incomplete.

• Demonstrated ability to effectively teach, counsel or work with persons 
of diverse socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds.

INFORMATION AND APPLICATION MATERIALS MAY BE 
OBTAINED FROM: HUMAN RESOURCES, West Valley–Mission 
Community College District 14000 Fruitvale Avenue, Saratoga, CA 
95070–5698

www .wvm .edu/hr

Applicants who, due to a disability, require accommodations to complete 
the application, testing, or interview process, please contact Human Resources 
at (408) 741–2415 to arrange for assistance.

WEST VALLEY-MISSION COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT IS 
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER.


Woodbury U

English 
& For Lang, 7500 Glenoaks Blvd Burbank CA 91510

Visiting Assistant Professor of Writing 12740

http:// www .woodbury .edu

Woodbury University invites applications for a full-time, one-year Visiting 
Assistant Professor position in the Writing Program for the 2010–11 
academic year. The successful candidate will (1) co-direct a writing center, 
(2) develop a WID program, and (3) teach basic writing, freshman 
composition, research writing, and technical writing courses. Qualified 
candidates will have a Ph.D., preferably in rhetoric and composition studies, 
and have experience teaching writing courses in higher education. 
The ideal candidate will have WPA experience and expertise in composition 
theory, writing assessment, technical writing, and TESOL. Candidates 
who are ABD will be considered. The salary ranges from $51,855 to 
$63,379 with benefits.

Application review begins immediately and applications are accepted 
until June 18, 2010. Please send (1) application letter, (2) curriculum vita, 
(3) statement of teaching philosophy, (4) three letters of recommendation, 
and (5) unofficial copies of undergraduate and graduate transcripts to:

Email Questions: Rich .Matzen@ woodbury .edu

Email Applications: Marta .Carroll@ woodbury .edu

Mail: Human Resources, Woodbury University 7500 Glenoaks Boulevard, 
Burbank, CA 91510-7846

EEO/AA

Colorado

U of Denver

Langs & Lits, 2000 E Asbury, Sturm Hall 391 Denver CO 80208

Lecturer, University Writing Program 12731

http:// www .dujobs .org

The nationally recognized University of Denver Writing Program seeks 
to hire a Lecturer. This is a full-time, renewable, and fully benefited position, 
with a starting date of fall 2010. The DU Writing Program is a comprehensive 
effort that includes first year writing, a writing center, WAC, 
and WID. Lecturers have a 0/3/3 teaching load, in sections currently set 
at 15. The fall quarter features curriculum and pedagogy development, 
assessment, research, and campus support. Faculty follow Program goals 
and policies; participate in all faculty/ program development activities, 
including committee projects; and perform assigned professional service 



work (research and assessment, consulting in the writing center, program 
outreach, and so on). The position includes support for professional travel 
and development.

Minimum Qualifications: ABD in English, 
Rhetoric and Composition 
Studies, or related field; significant formal graduate coursework in composition 
theory, research, history, or pedagogy or the clear equivalent 
(such as publications or multiple presentations at professional conferences 
in the field); successful experience teaching undergraduate writing.

Preferred Qualifications: PhD or terminal degree in Rhetoric and 
Composition Studies, English, 
or related field; dissertation or extensive 
coursework in the field of rhetoric and composition studies; successful experience 
teaching in a writing center; experience working in WAC, WID, 
or faculty development; a demonstrated career interest in writing, rhetoric 
and composition studies. Please write a detailed letter of application 
that explains your education in rhetoric and composition studies, teaching 
experiences (including your theoretical orientation to teaching writing 
and your practices), and relevant professional experiences. Highlight any 
experiences you might have teaching in a writing center or working with 
faculty across the disciplines.

We encourage you to review http:// www.du.edu/ writing and to situate 
your application in relation to the mission and goals explained there.

To be considered an applicant, you must submit your application, CV, cover 
letter, and a list of references online at www .dujobs .org/ Review of applicants 
will begin December 15, 2009. Initial interviews will be by phone or 
remote video. Finalists will come to campus interviews in early 2010.

To apply for this position, please visit our website at www .dujobs .org . 
The University of Denver is an EEO/AA Employer.


Florida

Lake-Sumter Comm C

Arts & Sciences, 9501 US Hwy 441 Leesburg FL 34788

Assistant Director Learning Center 12808

http:// apptrkr .com/150892

Deadline: June 24, 2010

Salary: $34,100 based on ed/exp

Position No.: 999964

Posting No.: 483

Assist in the management and coordination of all aspects of the daily operations 
of the Learning Center labs for all campuses. Tutor students in all 
levels; interview, schedule and supervise tutors, and work collaboratively 
with English 
faculty, Learning Center Director and other staff. Oversee 
LSCC testing, and monitor online tutoring. Incumbent supervises all 
three Learning Centers’ tutors and student assistants.

EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelor’s degree required, Master’s degree or higher in English, 
Education 
or ESL/ ESOL preferred.

QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT:

Three or more years teaching or administrative experience at Community 
College level or the equivalent. Experience with implementation and 
administration of learning support systems, including testing, diagnosis 
of academic problems, and skills development. Strong experience with 
computer software programs. Ability to develop, implement and evaluate 
procedures and services related to all Learning Center labs and offerings. 
Knowledge of current academic programs, software and services for 
all students, but developmental students in particular. Coaching/ tutoring 
skills. Strong computer skills. Ability to maintain a positive working relationship 
with students, faculty, staff and the public.

EXAMPLE OF DUTIES:

Assist in directing and managing the daily operations of the Learning 
Center Labs which includes planning, organizing, coordinating, and supervising 
all associated employees, functions, work and processes. Assist 
Director to recruit, hire, train, schedule, and supervise Learning Center 
tutors and assistants. Prepare timesheets and other documents for payroll, 
manage payroll and produce statistical activity reports for the Learning 
Centers Manage the college HELP program. Update Accutrack data and 
pull reports as needed. Work with Accutrack to assemble statistics and information 
for improvement of programs and measurement of success and 
outcomes .Provide in class instruction for absent faculty. Tutor students. 
Supervise the LSCC Testing Specialist .Train tutors and students to use LC 
software packages. Write and distribute the LC Newsletter. Assist Director 
to conduct orientations, training sessions and informative sessions for 
MyMathLab, Credit by Exam, CPT, HESI, and other training as needed. 
Coordinate and keep records for the Credit by Exam and Computer Proficiency 
Exam program. Initiate and document all purchasing for the department. 
Maintain Blackboard for training. Perform other duties as assigned.

TO APPLY:

Go to http:// apptrkr .com/150892 and complete the Lake-Sumter Community 
College online application for this specific position. You can also 
copy and paste your cover letter or resume/ vita into the box provided in 
the online application.

Please do not send unrequested paperwork via any means.

The college reserves the right to extend searches or, in event of transfer or 
budget cuts, not to offer the position.

MINORITY APPLICANTS ENCOURAGED

AN EQUAL ACCESS/ EQUAL OPPORTUNITY INSTITUTION 
jeid-ec6918f86c7dc2967f39748c1a82491a

U of Florida

Dial Center for Written and Oral Communication, 402 Rolfs Hall PO 
Box 112032 Gainesville FL 32611

Lecturer in Writing 12658

http:// www .cwoc .ufl .edu

Positions: Two full-time Lecturer in Writing faculty positions with benefits 
are available. These positions are annual, renewable term-contract 
positions beginning fall semester 2010. Salary will be commensurate with 
qualifications and experience.

Duties & Responsibilities: Lecturers teach 9 credits/ semester from such 
Writing in the Disciplines courses as Writing for Prelaw, Communication 
and Public Leadership, Writing in Psychology, and Writing in the Social 
Sciences. Additional duties include the development of new writing 
courses and participation in college and Center activities.

Selection Criteria: Must demonstrate excellence in classroom teaching 
and experience in teaching writing. A Ph.D. is highly preferred.

Deadlines: Applications will be accepted until May 10, 2010. File review 
will begin immediately.

Application: Refer to jobs .ufl .edu, position #00022537 and #00009980, 
for required on-line application. Attach a statement of interest, vita, and 
three letters of recommendation.

The University of Florida is an Equal Opportunity Institution. Minorities, 
women and those from other underserved groups are encouraged to 
apply.

For more information contact: susancic@ ufl .edu [R]

U of South Florida

English, 
4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620

Instructor. Associate Director of First-Year Composition 12727

http:// english 
.usf .edu

Instructor. Associate Director of First-Year Composition (http:// collegewriting.
us) starting August 7, 2010. Ph.D in Rhetoric and Composition 
or related field. Additional expertise in writing assessment, communication 
technologies, mentoring, and program development strongly desired. 
2/2/2 teaching assignment plus administrative duties. Salary $50K plus 
benefits for 12-month appointment, renewable annually indefinitely. Send 
cover letter addressing qualifications, curriculum vitae, and statement 



of teaching philosophy to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English 
Department, 
CPR 107, University of South Florida, 4202 East Fowler Ave., Tampa, 
FL 33620-5550. Review of applications will begin June 1, 2010. Position 
open until filled. According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding 
them are open to the public. For ADA accommodations, contact 
Nancy Serrano (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@ usf .edu) five days prior to 
need. USF is an AA/EEO institution. [R]

Georgia

Agnes Scott C

English 
Department, 141 E College Av Decatur GA 30030

Assistant Professor in American Literature 12827

http:// agnesscott .edu

The Agnes Scott College Department of English 
invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in American literature at the level of assistant 
professor. The successful candidate will be expected to teach the second 
half of a broad survey of American literature and intermediate and advanced 
courses in twentieth century American literature. Desirable fields 
of specialization include ethnic American literatures (other than African 
American, which is already offered) and gender and sexuality. We seek an 
active scholar with a solid grounding in both older and newer canons and 
a commitment to undergraduate liberal arts learning. The teaching load is 
3–2 and every department member teaches one first-year English 
course 
each year and contributes occasionally to the first-year seminar program. 
Candidates must have the Ph.D. in hand by August, 2010. Send letter and 
CV to englishsearch@ 
agnesscott .edu. The deadline for receipt of applications 
is October 30, 2010. Agnes Scott College is a highly selective and 
diverse residential liberal arts college for women located in metropolitan 
Atlanta. Support for faculty development includes a one-semester pre-
tenure research leave at full pay following a successful mid-term review. 
Agnes Scott has a strong commitment to diversity and encourages members 
of underrepresented groups to apply. EOE. [R]

Berry C

English, 
Rhetoric & Writing, PO Box 350 Mt Berry GA 30149

Visiting Assistant Professor/ Instructor of Composition and Rhetoric 12714

http:// www .berry .edu

Visiting Assistant Professor/ Instructor of Composition and Rhetoric. 
The Department of English, 
Rhetoric, and Writing at Berry College invites 
applications for a one-year visiting assistant professor/ instructor in 
composition and rhetoric beginning August 2010, with possible renewable 
for one additional year. Teaching responsibilities include four sections 
per semester of English 
Composition 101 and 102. Ph.D. preferred, 
M.A. required. Send application letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of recommendation to: Dr. Lara Whelan, Chair, Department of English, 
Rhetoric, and Writing, Berry College, P.O. Box 490350, Mt. Berry, GA, 
30149-0350. E-mail inquiries: lwhelan@ berry .edu. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. For 
more information on our first-year writing program, please visit our website 
at: www .berry .edu/ academics/ humanities/ english/. 
Berry College is 
an independent, “more selective” liberal arts college of 1900 students. Located 
on a beautiful 26,000-acre campus near Rome, Georgia, Berry provides 
an integrated education that unites a challenging academic program 
with opportunities for spiritual and moral growth, work experience, and 
significant service to others. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply.

Persons filling out an application for employment with Berry College may 
be required to submit to a full national background check.

It is the ongoing policy of Berry College to afford equal employment opportunity 
to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, gender, 
national origin, age, physical or mental /handicap, veteran status, 
and/or whether or not they are disabled veterans; and to conform to applicable 
laws and regulations.

For ADA Accommodations please contact the ADA Coordinator, VTTY 
706-233-4062

Clayton SU

English, 
2000 Clayton State Blvd Morrow GA 30260

Assistant Professor of English 
Education 12647

http:// www .Clayton .edu

The College of Arts and Sciences at Clayton State University is seeking 
applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor position in English 
Education 
to begin August 1, 2010. For information about the English 
department, 
go to the website at http:// a-s .clayton .edu/ english/ 
default .htm. For 
full position description, go to the Academic Affairs website at http:// adminservices 
.clayton .edu/ provost/ FacultyOpenings/ default .htm.

Degree programs for the Master of Arts in Teaching English 
and teacher 
certification in the undergraduate English 
major program have been approved 
at Clayton State University.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

An earned Ph.D. in English 
or English 
Education with clear evidence of 
coursework and/or significant experience in teaching secondary English 
by the time of appointment.

Record of excellent college teaching.

Experience teaching secondary English.


Knowledge of secondary English 
curriculum issues.

Ability to teach English 
methods courses.

Evidence of scholarly presentation and publication potential.

Knowledge of the application of technology to enhance teaching and 
learning.

Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Familiarity with NCTE, CCCC, and NCATE standards.

Teacher certification at the secondary level.

Experience and/or interest in grant-writing activities.

Successful involvement with partnerships between universities and secondary 
schools.

Experience in supervising student teachers.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and teach undergraduate and graduate English 
and English 
Education 
courses.

Serve as an advisor for students.

Supervise field experiences and teaching internship assignments.

Engage in scholarly activities leading to grants, presentations, and publications.

Participate in committee service to department, college, university, and 
community.

Teach in Core Curriculum

Review for the position will begin April 26, 2010 and will continue until 
the position is filled. Submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, unofficial 
transcripts, and the contact information for three current references 
to JillSears@ clayton .edu or by mail to Ms. Jill Sears, Administrative 
Assistant to the Dean, College of Arts and Sciences, Clayton State University, 
2000 Clayton State Blvd, Morrow, Georgia 30260. [R]

Valdosta SU

English, 
1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698

Assistant Professor 12670

http:// www .valdosta .edu

Valdosta State University seeks an assistant professor of English 
with a specialization 
in Restoration and 18th Century British literature. In addition 
to teaching upper-division and graduate courses in field of specialty, other 
teaching responsibilities include freshman composition, world literature, 



and, possibly, interdisciplinary courses. Departmental duties include committee 
work and research leading to publication. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand 
by the position’s starting date, August 1, 2010. Send letter of application, 
signed faculty application form (accessed at www .valdosta .edu/ academic/ 
documents/ FacultyApp_2010.pdf), curriculum vita, and complete dossier, 
including all university transcripts and three letters of reference, to Mark 
Smith, Department of English, 
Valdosta State University, Valdosta, GA 
31698. Review of applications begins May 15 and continues until position 
is filled. VSU is an equal opportunity educational institution. For more 
information call 229-333-5946 or email marksmit@ valdosta .edu. [R]

Illinois

DePaul U

English, 
802 W Belden Chicago IL 60614

Visiting Assistant Professor in English 
12726

http:// facultyopportunities .depaul .edu

The English 
Department at DePaul University invites applications for a 
nine-course, non-tenure-track, full-time position in Creative Writing 
beginning in September 2010. This one-year position is eligible for reappointment. 
The successful candidate will be able to teach a range of 
genres in creative writing workshops for DePaul’s Creative Writing concentration 
within the English 
major and in the graduate Master of Arts in 
Writing and Publishing program. Candidates should be prepared to teach 
general education courses for majors and non-majors in the university’s 
Liberal Studies program. Salary is commensurate with experience. Full 
benefits are provided.

Candidates must have the appropriate terminal degree in hand by September 
2010, demonstrated expertise in teaching, and a record of publication 
and ongoing creative activity.

We seek candidates with a commitment to undergraduate education, experience 
teaching students of diverse backgrounds, and a sensitivity to the 
educational goals of a multicultural student population. One of the largest 
private universities in the country, DePaul offers graduate and undergraduate 
degrees on two campuses. We particularly seek candidates who 
mirror the diversity of the university and its urban setting, and we specifically 
solicit applications from women, people of color, and individuals 
from other historically underrepresented groups.

To apply, please submit Cover Letter and Curriculum Vitae online at: facultyopportunities 
.depaul .edu

Posting Number: 0000073

Deadline: May 24, 2010 or until the position is filled.

As an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer, 
DePaul University 
provides job opportunities to qualified individuals without regard 
to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, 
age, marital status, physical or mental disability, parental status, housing 
status, source of income or military status, in accordance with applicable 
federal, state and local EEO laws. [R]

Millikin U

English, 
1184 W Main St Decatur IL 62522

Instructor/ Assistant Professor of English 
12559

http:// www .millikin .edu/ humanresources/ jobs

News Writing

Millikin University invites applications for a full-time faculty position 
as Instructor or tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
to teach news 
and feature writing, along with first-year writing courses. Teaching responsibilities 
would include: (1) teaching the journalism track in the writing 
major, (2) advising Millikin’s award-winning student newspaper, (3) 
teaching first-year writing courses. Master’s Degree required for Instructor 
candidates; Ph.D. or ABD required for Assistant Professor candidates. 
Experience in journalism publication and clear record of teaching excellence 
required. Experience advising student publications preferred. Millikin 
seeks faculty dedicated to maintaining a tradition of excellence in 
teaching, scholarship, and service. Salary competitive. Position begins 
August 2010. Electronic submissions preferred. Send to czelhart@ millikin 
.edu. Submit cover letter, CV, teaching philosophy, list of three-five 
professional references, and copies of all transcripts. Inquiries to Dr. Michael 
O’Conner, Chair of English 
Department, Millikin University (moconner@ 
millikin .edu). Application review begins April 5, 2010, until the 
position is filled. Millikin University is an equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.

English 
Education

Millikin University invites applications for a full-time faculty position as 
Instructor or Assistant Professor of English 
Education. Master’s Degree 
required for Instructor candidates; Ph.D. or Ed.D. required for Assistant 
Professor candidates. Teaching responsibilities (12 hours per semester) 
include first-year writing, adolescent literature, linguistics/ grammar, 
methods courses in the teaching of English 
language arts, and supervision 
of student teaching. Millikin University’s Secondary English 
Education 
program is nationally recognized by the specialized professional association 
NCTE. Millikin’s School of Education has been recommended for 
national accreditation by NCATE. Position begins August 2010. Applicants 
must have a minimum of one year of teaching experience at the 
secondary/ middle school level and Master’s Degree or Ph.D. in English 
Education or a closely related field. Required: clear record of teaching 
excellence. Electronic submission preferred. Send to czelhart@ millikin 
.edu. Send vita, letter that addresses experience and philosophy of teaching, 
three letters of reference, and graduate transcripts. Inquiries to Dr. 
Michael O’Conner, Chair of English, 
Department of English, 
Millikin 
University, (moconner@ millikin .edu). Application review begins April 5, 
2010. Millikin University is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Millikin University 
is a private, comprehensive institution serving approximately 2,300 
students in Decatur, Illinois. [R]

Indiana

Ball SU

English, 
2000 W University Av Robert Bell 297 Muncie IN 47306

Contract Faculty Position 12770

http:// www .bsu .edu/ English


Contract faculty position available August 20, 2010. Responsibilities: 
teach a 12-hour load in Medieval and Renaissance British literature (may 
include a graduate seminar in Medieval and undergraduate courses in 
Shakespeare and the early survey of British literature), general literature 
courses, and first-year University Core Curriculum composition courses 
in computer-mediated classrooms; evening sections may be assigned. 
Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
by August 1, 2010, with specialization 
in Medieval and Renaissance literature; record of effective 
teaching at the college or university level. Preferred qualifications: record 
of publications and/or presentations in area of specialization; experience 
teaching in a computer-mediated environment.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and copies of graduate 
transcript(s) to: Dr. Adam R. Beach, Contract Faculty Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
Ball State University, Muncie, IN 47306. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position 
is filled. (www .bsu .edu/ English)


Ball State University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. 
[R]



Iowa

Wartburg C

English 
& Mod Lang, 100 Wartburg Blvd Waverly IA 50677

Lecturer in English 
12798

http:// www .wartburg .edu

Full-time, one-year interim position; includes excellent benefits. Teach 
intermediate composition, introduction to literature, Shakespeare, and 
structure of English. 
Requires PhD in English, 
college-level teaching experience; 
prefer strong writing/ composition background, ability to teach 
a wide range of undergraduate courses. Full announcement may be found 
at: www .wartburg .edu/hr.

Send letter of interest, vita, unofficial transcripts, and contact information 
for three references electronically to: hr@ wartburg .edu. In your letter of 
interest, please describe what qualities you offer students as a teacher and a 
mentor within the context of the Wartburg College mission. For specific 
inquiries contact Dr. Judith Griffith at judith .griffith@ wartburg .edu.

Wartburg College is a selective four-year liberal arts college of the Lutheran 
Church (ELCA), nationally recognized for community engagement. 
As an affirmative action, equal opportunity institution, we actively 
seek applications from women and members of ethnic and minority 
groups. [R]

Wartburg C

English 
& Mod Lang, 100 Wartburg Blvd Waverly IA 50677

Lecturer in English, 
one-year interim 12690

http:// www .wartburg .edu/hr

Full-time, one-year interim position, includes benefits. Requires PhD in 
English, 
college-level teaching experience, ability and willingness to support 
the mission of the college.

Prefer strong writing/ composition background, ability to teach a wide 
range of undergraduate courses.

Teach Intermediate Composition; Introduction to Literature, Shakespeare, 
and Structure of English; 
engage in scholarship and service activities 
appropriate to the college with a liberal arts emphasis.

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: Send letter of application, vita, unofficial 
transcripts, contact information for three professional references (including 
email addresses and telephone numbers) to hr@ wartburg .edu. In 
the letter of application please describe what qualities you offer students 
as a teacher and a mentor within the context of the Wartburg College 
mission. For specific inquiries contact Dr. Judith Griffith by email: judith 
.griffith@ wartburg .edu. [R]

Kansas

Washburn U

English, 
1700 SW College Av Topeka KS 66621

Assistant Professor of pre-Renaissance British Literature 12599

http:// www .washburn .edu

Washburn University’s English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-
track position beginning in August 2010 (contingent upon funding) 
as assistant professor, specializing in pre-Renaissance British literature 
(Old and/or Middle English) 
with a secondary interest in linguistics. Candidates 
must have the doctorate in hand by August 2010. Teaching assignments 
may include the first half of the British literature survey course, a 
period course in medieval literature, and Modern English 
Grammar, as 
well as advanced composition. Application review begins April 16, 2010 
and continues until a suitable candidate is identified. Send vita, transcripts, 
and three reference letters to Dr. Howard Faulkner, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Washburn University, Topeka, KS 66621. Employment at 
Washburn University may be conditioned upon satisfactory completion 
of a background check. To enrich education through diversity. Washburn 
University is an EOE. Candidates from under-represented groups are encouraged 
to apply. www .washburn .edu [R]

Kentucky

Spalding U

Humanities, 845 S Third St Louisville KY 40203

Writing Instructor 12696

http:// www .spalding .edu

Spalding University invites applications for a full time writing instructor 
to teach first year composition. The position is non-tenure track with eligibility 
for annual renewal. Position/ contract begins July 1, 2010.

Duties and responsibilities include:

• Teaching 24 credit hours per academic year.

• Contributing to the continued development of writing instruction and 
student learning as a general education requirement.

The successful candidate will have

A Ph.D in Composition/ Rhetoric from an accredited institution.

Experience in teaching first year composition and demonstrated success as 
a writing instructor.

Demonstrated interest in engaging with first year students as writers, and 
with basic writing.

Letter of application addressing position qualifications, curriculum vita, 
three letters of recommendation, copies of student evaluations, and transcripts 
should be attached to the application and sent to: Dr. Kathleen 
Nesbitt, School of Liberal Studies, Spalding University, 845 S. Third 
Street, Louisville, KY 40203

Review will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.

Spalding University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action employer. 
The University complies with all federal, state and local 
equal employment opportunity laws. It is the University’s policy not to 
discriminate against any individual or group of individuals and to provide 
equal employment opportunity to all qualified persons regardless of race, 
color, national origin, age, disability, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, 
gender identity, marital status, military status, veteran status or 
other protected status. [R]

Louisiana

Baton Rouge Comm C

English, 
201 Community College Dr Baton Rouge LA 70806

English/ 
Education instructor 12786

http:// www .mybrcc .edu:8000/index .php?option=com_ content&view

Baton Rouge Community College is seeking an English/ 
Education instructor 
to teach TEAC 201 and 203 Teaching and Learning in Diverse 
Settings I and II plus manage the teacher education program. Experience 
with BlackBoard and service learning is a plus. Candidates may need to 
teach evening, weekend, online, and dual enrollment courses.

Candidates should possess a Master’s degree in either English 
or Education 
with a minimum of 18 graduate hours in the second teaching discipline. 
Candidates should have strong composition/ rhetoric background and be 
qualified to teach developmental and composition courses.

Candidates should also understand the mission and philosophy of a community 
college. College-level teaching experience is preferred.

Please send a cover letter, resume, application, official college transcripts, 
and three references to the Office of Human Resources. The employment 
application can be found on the job listing page. Applications are accepted 
until this position is filled; however, preference will be given to those received 
on or before June 11, 2010.



Tulane U

English, 
6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118

Visiting Assistant Professor 12618

http:// tulane .edu

The Department of English 
at Tulane University seeks to hire a Visiting 
Assistant Professor in British Modernism or 19th-C. American Literature 
for the 2010–2011 academic year. Candidates with Ph.D. in hand are preferred. 
The teaching load for this position is 3–3. Please send a letter of application, 
vita, and a 25-page writing sample no later than April 19, 2010, 
addressed to Molly Anne Rothenberg, Chair, Department of English 
at 
engpos2@ tulane .edu. Applications will only be accepted and acknowledged 
electronically and should be sent as either Word or pdf files. Please 
put your last name and the letters VAP in the subject line. Tulane University 
is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity. All eligible candidates are invited to apply 
for position vacancies as appropriate.

Maryland

Towson U

English, 
8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
12719

http:// www .towson .edu/ english/


One-year appointment, with possible one-year extension, beginning August 
2010. Area of specialization open, though preference may go to one 
or more of the following fields: American literature (any period); Folklore; 
Poetry; Modern British Literature; Feminist Theory; Linguistics; Rhetorical 
Grammar; or Business Writing. Candidates must possess a demonstrated 
commitment to teaching and evidence of a promising research 
agenda. Four-course load each semester. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline 
must be conferred by time of appointment. Send cover letter and curriculum 
vitae to Professor Edwin Duncan, Chair, English 
Department, 
Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 
June 16 2010. Towson University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. 
Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged 
to apply.

Massachusetts

Fitchburg SC

English, 
160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420

Assistant Professor/ English 
12611

http:// www .fsc .edu

Please visit our online jobsite for full detailed job description and qualifications 
and to apply at http:// jobs .fsc .edu

Assistant Professor/ English


The English 
Department at Fitchburg State College seeks a one-year 
full-time temporary assistant professor in Medieval Literature beginning 
September 1, 2010. The successful candidate will possess the ability to 
teach Freshman Composition, World Literature, Comparative Literature, 
Rhetoric and Composition, and Classical Literature courses.

Ph.D. in English 
as well as college teaching experience required.

Please visit our online jobsite at https:// jobs .fsc .edu for a detailed job 
description and to apply. Review begins immediately and remains open 
until filled.

Fitchburg State College is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity 
employer, 
actively seeking to develop the diversity of its workforce.

Fitchburg SC

Human Resources Department, 160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420

Assistant Professor/ Secondary Education/ English/ 
One year Temp 12822

http:// fsc .edu

Please visit our online jobsite for a full detailed job description and to 
apply at http:// jobs .fsc .edu

General Statement of Duties: Full-time one year temporary position 
in English 
secondary education. Ability to teach courses in theory and 
methods, children’s literature, young adult literature and first-year writing. 
Supervise and monitor student teachers. Desired subfields include literacy 
acquisition, writing/ reading theory, and linguistics. Ph.D. or Ed.D. 
required.

Please submit cover letter, CV, three professional references and statement 
of teaching philosophy

Full-time, 9 month One Year Temporary Benefited Position

Salary Commensurate with Qualifications and Experience and the MSCA 
Bargaining Agreement

Springfield C

Humanities, 263 Alden St Springfield MA 01109

Assistant Professor of Communications 12702

http:// www .spfldcol .edu/

The Humanities Department at Springfield College is seeking applications 
for a position in its Communications/ Sports Journalism program beginning 
in late August of 2010. The appointment will be for one year with 
the possibility of applying for an on-going position the following year. 
The successful candidate will have at least a Master’s Degree, professional 
experience in television news, and the expertise to teach in the following 
areas: TV journalism, broadcast writing, video editing, and advanced 
video production. Candidates with demonstrated excellence in teaching 
and experience in advising student media outlets, particularly television, 
will be preferred. Application screening will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. Interested candidates are asked to send a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information 
of three professional references to: Dean Mary Healey, School of 
Arts, Sciences, and Professional Studies, Springfield College, 263 Alden 
Street, Springfield, MA 01109 [R]

U of Massachusetts, Boston

English, 
100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125

Postdoctoral Teaching Fellowships 12693

The UMass Boston English 
Department is offering two non-renewable 
Postdoctoral Teaching Fellowships of two years each. Teaching Fellows 
will receive guidance from a dedicated mentor in the development of a 
reflective pedagogy for teaching English 
Studies to the global student 
body of the 21st century. Some of the unique features of this program are: 
an opportunity to teach at an urban, public university with the most diverse 
student body in New England; 
engagement with questions regarding 
the role of literacy studies in the 21st century university; enactment of 
a developmental model that encourages increasing skill in teaching at the 
introductory and advanced levels; and professionalization through participation 
in the university’s annual teaching conference.

Specific qualifications include: Ph.D. in English 
granted within three 
years of the start of the postdoctoral fellowship; expertise in 19th and early 
20th century American literature or a field of British literature from the 
late 17th, 18th, or 19th centuries; ability to teach two of our three gateway 
courses: “Six American Authors,” “Five British Authors,” and “Understanding 
Literature;” ability to work effectively with a diverse student 
body in discussion-based classes; and commitment to the values of a reflective 
teaching practice.



Responsibilities also include: a 2+3 course load, student advising, and 
one teaching presentation in the second year. The fellowship includes a 
$45,000 salary plus benefits.

Applications must be received by June 4, 2010. Please apply online with 
your cover letter, CV, writing sample of no more than 20 pages, and three 
letters of reference.

http:// umb .interviewexchange .com/ candapply 
.jsp?JOBID=18417&jobboard=173

UMass Boston is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX 
employer. 
[R]

Michigan

Grand Valley SU

English, 
1 Campus Dr, 230 LHH Allendale MI 49401

Visiting professor (no longer taking applications) 12763

http:// www .gvsu .edu/ english


Thank you for your interest but we are no longer taking applications.

Michigan SU

Writing, Rhetoric, & Amer Cultures, 235 Bessey Hall East Lansing 
MI 48824

Fixed-Term Assistant Professor 12586

http:// https:// www .msu .edu/ unit/ wrac/

Up to four one-year full-time assistant professor positions; subsequent 
appointment contingent on positive annual review, funding, and staffing 
needs. Appointment starts August 16, 2010. Ph.D. (or other terminal 
degree) and demonstrated commitment to first-year writing. The First-
Year Writing Program includes both a developmental writing course and 
a group of thematically-focused 4-credit courses that satisfy the first-year 
general education writing requirement. Three emphases inform the program: 
cultural literacy practices, multimodal literacies, and writing as 
rhetorically and culturally situated. The department has adopted shared 
learning outcomes for writing, reading, and research (https:// www .msu 
.edu/ unit/ wrac/t1/t1_index .html). Course load: three per semester. On-
going professional development and contribution to program initiatives 
expected; participation in professional conferences relevant to the appointment 
preferred. We seek candidates with prior teaching experience 
or background in some or all of the following: composition studies, rhetoric, 
literacy studies, TESOL, and teaching in digital environments. The 
committee will begin reviewing applications immediately and continue 
until positions are filled. MSU is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
MSU is committed to achieving excellence through cultural 
diversity. The University actively encourages applications and/or nominations 
of women, persons of color, veterans, and persons with disabilities.

Send letter of application and c.v. (including references) to Dr. Nancy 
DeJoy, Director of First-Year Writing; Department of Writing, Rhetoric, 
and American Cultures; Michigan State University; East Lansing, Michigan 
48824. Materials may be sent electronically to wrac@ msu .edu.

U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

Open-Rank Professorship in Native American Literature 12812

Native American Literature. The Program in American Culture (AC) and 
the Department of English 
Language and Literature at the University of 
Michigan invite applications for an open rank, tenure-track university-year 
professorship in “Native American Literature” beginning September 1, 
2011. All specialists in the literature of North American Indians will be 
considered, including but not limited to those working in English 
and with 
native languages. The position will be jointly appointed between the Program 
in American Culture/ Native American Studies and the Department 
of English 
Language & Literature, with teaching and service expected in 
both of the sponsoring units. Ph.D. required prior to employment.

All candidates should send a letter of application and a placement dossier 
consisting of a curriculum vitae, writing sample, statement of teaching 
philosophy and experience, evidence of teaching excellence, and a statement 
of current and future research plans. Candidates for a junior position 
should provide three letters of recommendation. Candidates for a senior 
position will demonstrate a record of scholarly distinction. Applications 
should be addressed to Chair, Native American Literature Search Committee, 
Department of English 
Language and Literature, 435 S. State 
Street, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003.

Application deadline is October 1, 2010 with plans to conduct interviews 
at the American Studies Association annual meeting in November 2010.

Women and minority applicants are encouraged to apply. The University 
of Michigan is supportive of the needs of dual career couples and is an 
Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

LEO Lecturer III 12805

The Department of English 
Language and Literature at the University of 
Michigan seeks applicants for an open (pending final College approval) 
Lecturer III position beginning September 1, 2010. This is a non-tenure 
track position appointed for up to four years initially and may be ongoing 
as long as instructional/ programmatic needs and the performance 
standards of the Department are met. Full-time load (100% effort) is three 
(3) courses per semester or the equivalent in other duties. Duties include 
teaching basic and advanced writing courses (English 
125 – College Writing, 
English 
225 – Academic Argumentation, and English 
325 – Art of the 
Essay) as well as courses in areas of expertise. In addition, this position will 
also serve as Associate Director of the English 
Department Writing Program. 
The Associate Director duties include working with the Director 
of EDWP in the daily management of the writing program, collaborating 
on curriculum planning, co-facilitating the August orientation, serving on 
program decision-making committees, coordinating mentoring, facilitating 
mentoring groups, and serving as the primary administrator in the Director’s 
absence. With the assigned Associate Director duties, we anticipate 
this position will be excluded from the Lecturers’ Employee Organization 
(LEO) bargaining unit at the University of Michigan. The University of 
Michigan is an Affirmative Action/ Equal opportunity employer

DEPARTMENT QUALIFICATIONS: The candidate must hold a PhD 
in English 
Language and Literature or a closely related field. The candidate 
must have demonstrated excellence in college-level teaching of 
writing and literature in the United States. Preference will be given to 
candidates with expertise in composition and rhetoric and experience in 
program administration.

Application Deadline: July 7, 2010. To apply, send an application letter explaining 
your qualifications and teaching philosophy, a current CV, evidence 
of teaching excellence, and two letters of recommendation to:

Recruitment Coordinator, English 
Language & Literature Department, 
University of Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-
1003 [R]

U of Michigan

Tech Communication Prog, 301 Engineering Programs Building Ann 
Arbor MI 48109

Lecturer in Technical Communication at the University of Michigan’s College 
of Engineering 12782

Responsibilities include designing and delivering technical communication 
content for undergraduate courses in the College of Engineering, 
usually in a team-teaching environment with engineering faculty.

Desired qualifications: academic degree (Ph.D. preferred) and/or significant 
training and industrial experience in technical communication or 
allied field; experience teaching writing; excellent written and oral com



munication in English; 
skill and experience with technical communication 
genres and leadership; ability to work effectively with students singly 
and in teams; experience with scientific/ engineering content, especially 
in chemical, mechanical, industrial, civil, environmental, naval, or aerospace 
engineering.

Interested applicants should send a cover letter and CV by June 15, 2010, 
to: Ms. Mary Gilbert (maryagt@ umich .edu, 734-764-1427), Program in 
Technical Communications, 301 Engineering Programs Building, University 
of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-2101

This position is subject to the terms and conditions of a collective bargaining 
agreement between the University of Michigan and the Lecturers’ 
employee organization (LEO) AFT/ MFT and SRP local 6244, 
AFL-CIO.

The University of Michigan is a Non-Discriminatory/ Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R]

Minnesota

C of Saint Scholastica

English, 
1200 Kenwood Av Duluth MN 55811

Assistant Professor, English 
12672

http:// www .csshrjobs .com

The College of St. Scholastica is seeking a 9-month, full-time tenure-
track Assistant Professor in Composition/ Rhetoric to begin Fall 2010. 
Teaching responsibilities require secondary expertise in a literary field. 
Duties will include a 3/3 teaching load, comprised of composition, literature, 
and upper-level writing courses. The successful candidate will 
work with adjuncts, the Director of the Writing Center, and other faculty 
to promote writing. Review of applications begins on May 17, pending 
Board approval.

A Ph.D. in Composition/ Rhetoric in hand is required. In addition, secondary 
expertise in a literary field and teaching experience in relevant 
courses is required. All applicants must be authorized to work in the 
United States at the time of an offer of employment.

Apply on-line at www .csshrjobs .com. The College of St. Scholastica is an 
equal opportunity employer 
committed to enriching education and promoting 
opportunity through a culturally diverse faculty, staff and student 
body. [R]

Southwest Minnesota SU

Hum, Philos, & For Lang, 1501 State St, BA 109 Marshall MN 56258

Assistant Professor of English 12532

http:// www .apply-for-job .net/c/jobclick .cfm?site=3392&job=65

Southwest Minnesota State University (SMSU) invites applications for a 
fixed term, full time Assistant Professor of English 
with an emphasis in 
professional writing and journalism to begin August 2010. SMSU, one of 
seven universities in the Minnesota System, provides a diverse curriculum 
of liberal arts and selected professional programs. The University is located 
in the town of Marshall (pop. 13,000), in rural southwest Minnesota, 155 
miles from Minneapolis/St. Paul and 90 miles from Sioux Falls, SD. 

Responsibilities:

• Teach an average of 12-credit hours per semester for a 24-credit year 

• Teach first-year composition as well as courses in the Professional Writing 
and Communication Major 

• Advise English 
majors, especially those who are pursuing the Professional 
Writing and • Communication Major 

• Contribute to the continued development and administration of the 
Professional Writing and Communication Major 

• Serve on college and departmental committees 

• Teach and work with undeclared and general education students in first-
year composition classes 

• Pursue continuing/ ongoing research related to one of the described areas 
of experience 

Minimum Qualifications

• Ph.D. in Rhetoric/ Composition or in English 
by August 2010 from an 
accredited institution 

• Experience in one or more of the following areas: technology and writing 
(including the development of online courses), “New Media”, technical 
editing, journalism, grant and proposal writing, service learning, 
student internships 

• Experience in professional and technical communication or related fields 
as described above 

• Potential for excellence in teaching, advising, research, and service 

• Strong verbal and written communication skills, a sense of humor, and 
collegiality 

• Demonstrated abilities/ competence in instructional technology, including 
online instruction and commitment to interdisciplinary education is 
preferred 

• Must have an understanding of and appreciation for liberal education. 
The University is committed to fostering a global perspective. The successful 
candidate will have demonstrated ability to teach and work with 
persons from diverse backgrounds. 

Application review will begin April 2, 2010 and will continue until the 
position is filled. Letter of application addressing position qualifications, 
vita, student evaluations, and transcripts should be attached to your application. 
To apply for this position, please complete the online application 
process at http:// www .smsu .edu/ Administration/ HumanResources/ 
neogov .cfm. Additional information on Southwest Minnesota State University 
can be found at: www .SMSU .edu 

Southwest Minnesota State University is a member of the Minnesota State 
Colleges and Universities System and is an equal opportunity educator 
and employer 
.

http:// www .jobtarget .com/c/includes/ jvimg .cfm?site=3392&
job=6568063”

Apply Online

U of Minnesota, Duluth

English, 
1201 Ordean Ct, H410 Duluth MN 55812

Assistant Professor 12723

http:// www.d.umn .edu/ engl

The Department of English 
at the University of Minnesota Duluth has a 
full-time, temporary term Instructor or Assistant Professor position available 
beginning 30 August, 2010. Job duties and responsibilities include 
teaching and research in the field of British Literature. Essential qualifications 
include Ph.D. or ABD in English, 
evidence of successful teaching 
at the college level, an ability to teach lower division literature courses, 
and an ability to teach 19th and 20th Century British literature at the advanced 
level. The University of Minnesota requires that you apply online 
for this position. For a complete position description and information on 
how to apply online, visit http//employment .umn .edu/, and search for Job 
Requisition 166174. Complete applications will be reviewed beginning 
May 26, 2010. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator 
and employer.


Mississippi

Mississippi SU

English, 
Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762

Online Instructor of English 
12649

http:// www .msstate .edu/ dept/ english/


Non-tenure-track position for instructor to begin in fall 2010. MA in 
English 
or in rhetoric and composition, college teaching experience, 



and publications required. We seek candidates with experience teaching 
first-year composition and junior-level work-place writing, as well as 
expertise teaching interactively in online environments. Work toward a 
PhD in English 
or in rhetoric and composition and experience teaching 
sophomore literature surveys are desirable. The successful candidate will 
carry a 4–4 load and develop other online courses for a certificate program 
in professional writing. Salary will be competitive. Funding for the 
position has been secured for three years, with renewal contingent upon 
adequate enrollment in online courses. An AA/EO employer, 
Mississippi 
State University is a Carnegie Doctoral/ Research-Extensive institution 
with approximately 18,000 students on the main campus. To apply, please 
send cover letter, CV, and three reference letters to Dr. Rich Raymond, 
Head, Department of English, 
Post Office Drawer E, Mississippi State, 
MS 39762. Search open until position filled. [R]

U of Mississippi

English, 
PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall University MS 38677

Visiting Assistant Professor in World Literature & Lit Theory 12627

http:// jobs .olemiss .edu

The University of Mississippi’s Department of English 
invites applications 
for a one-year position (with the possibility of a second year) for Visiting 
Assistant Professor in World Literature and Literary Theory. Candidates 
should be able to teach a broad range of world literatures from the beginning 
to the present, as well as literary theory. This will be a 9-month, 
non-tenure-track appointment. Teaching load will be 3/3. Applicants 
must have PhD by date of appointment. The annual salary range for this 
position is $38K-42K. The successful applicant will be expected to take 
up the position in August 2010. Along with an application on the UM 
Human Resources website (http:// jobs .olemiss .edu), applicants must submit 
a letter of application, vitae, at least two letters of recommendation, 
and sample syllabi for world lit and theory courses. Phone interviews will 
be held for this position, and applications will be considered until the position 
is filled. For further information, contact Dr. Adetayo Alabi at aalabi@ 
olemiss .edu. The University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/Title VI/
Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ ADEA Employer. 
[R]

U of Mississippi

English, 
PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall University MS 38677

Instructional Assistant Professor of American Literature 12613

http:// jobs .olemiss .edu

The Department of English 
at The University of Mississippi is seeking 
applicants for the position of Instructional Assistant Professor. This is a 
one-year non-tenure track position that may be renewed depending on 
the department’’s needs.

Incumbent will teach four (4) courses of American Literature, or other 
composition and writing classes as needed, at the Tupelo and Southaven 
campuses of the University of Mississippi in the Fall and Spring semesters, 
primarily at the upper division undergraduate level. Ph.D. in English, 
with specialization in American literature, required.

To apply, please visit the UM Human Resources website (http:// jobs .olemiss 
.edu) and complete an online application, attaching letter of application, 
CV, transcripts, and 3 letters of reference. For more information on 
this position, please contact Dr. Jay Watson at jwatson@ olemiss .edu. The 
University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/
ADA/ ADEA Employer. 
[R]

Missouri

Missouri U of Science & Tech

English 
& Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla MO 
65409

Visiting Assistant Professor 12783

http:// www .mst .edu

The Missouri University of Science and Technology seeks to fill a one-
year full-time, non-tenure track position of Visiting Assistant Professor in 
English 
and Technical Communication beginning fall 2010. This position 
provides benefits. Minimum requirements are a Masters or Doctorate in 
English, 
Rhetoric, or Writing. University teaching experience and demonstrated 
teaching success are preferred. Must provide evidence of teaching 
success. Duties include teaching three courses per semester, including composition 
and some literature or technical communication, depending upon 
the candidate’s area of specialty and the department’s need. The position 
will begin August 16, 2010 and end May 31, 2011. Consideration of applications 
will begin on June 7, 2010 and continue until position is filled.

Missouri S&T is an AA/EOE and does not discriminate based on race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or 
status as Vietnam-era veteran.

Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify. For more information on E-Verify, 
please contact DHS at: 1-888-464-4218

All application materials, including resume/ vita, cover letter, three reference 
letters, portfolio, etc., must be electronically submitted to the Missouri 
University of Science and Technology’s Human Resource Office 
using the following address: hrsinfo@ mst .edu .

Acceptable electronic formats that can be used include PDF and Word.

The final candidate is required to provide official transcript(s) for any 
college degree(s) listed in application materials submitted. Copies of 
transcript(s) must be provided prior to the start of employment. In addition, 
the final candidate may be required to verify other credentials listed 
in application materials.

Failure to provide official transcript(s) or other required verification may 
result in the withdrawal of the job offer.

NOTE: All application materials must have position reference number in 
order to be processed.

Human Resources Services, Reference Number: R51506, Missouri University 
of Science & Technology, hrsinfo@ mst .edu

Missouri U of Science & Tech

English 
& Tech Communication, 500 W 14th St 236 H-SS Rolla MO 
65409

Lecturer 12681

The Missouri University of Science and Technology seeks to fill one 
full-time, non-tenure track position of Lecturer in English 
and Technical 
Communication beginning fall 2010. This position provides benefits 
and is renewable annually. Minimum requirements are a Masters or Doctorate 
in English, 
Rhetoric, or Writing. University teaching experience 
and demonstrated teaching success are preferred. Must provide evidence 
of teaching success. Duties include teaching four courses per semester, including 
freshman composition and some literature, depending upon the 
candidate’s area of specialty and the department’s need. The position will 
begin August 16, 2010 and end May 31, 2011. Consideration of applications 
will begin on May 1, 2010 and continue until position is filled.

Missouri S&T is an AA/EOE and does not discriminate based on race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or 
status as Vietnam-era veteran.

Females, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

Missouri S&T participates in E-Verify. For more information on E-Verify, 
please contact DHS at: 1-888-464-4218



All application materials, including resume/ vita, cover letter, three reference 
letters, portfolio, etc., must be electronically submitted to the Missouri 
University of Science and Technology’s Human Resource Office 
using the following address: hrsinfo@ mst .edu .

Acceptable electronic formats that can be used include PDF and Word.

The final candidate is required to provide official transcript(s) for any 
college degree(s) listed in application materials submitted. Copies of 
transcript(s) must be provided prior to the start of employment. In addition, 
the final candidate may be required to verify other credentials listed 
in application materials.

Failure to provide official transcript(s) or other required verification may 
result in the withdrawal of the job offer.

NOTE: All application materials must have position reference number in 
order to be processed.

Human Resources Services, Reference Position Number: R36939, Missouri 
University of Science & Technology, 300 W. 12th St., 113 Centennial 
Hall, Rolla, MO 65409-1050, hrsinfo@ mst .edu

Northwest Missouri SU

English, 
800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468

Instructor of English 
with Speciality in Composition 12695

http:// www .nwmissouri .edu

Position Summary: A nine-month faculty position for teaching general 
education freshman composition courses as well as area of specialty.

Essential Functions:

1. Teach 12-hour per trimester course load (fall and spring trimesters); 
Courses targeted include Introduction to College Writing, Composition, 
and courses in our new BS in English 
degree program including classes in 
professional writing and editing, and writing and technology, as well as 
graduate-level courses in area of specialty

2. University service including committee work and student advising

Minimum Qualifications: MA in English 
or equivalent; successful teaching 
experience at college level; student support; departmental and university 
service

Preferred Qualifications: Specialization in technical/ workplace writing, 
writing for the web, or professional writing and editing

For a complete job description and details on how to apply, please visit 
our website at www .nwmissouri .edu/hr/jobs/ index .htm.

Washington U

English, 
1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130

Postdoctoral fellowship in Early Modern English 
Drama 12638

One-year postdoctoral fellowship in Early Modern English 
Drama at 
Washington University in St. Louis. Teaching duties to include, survey 
of British literature before 1700 and Shakespeare. Please send letter of application, 
précis of dissertation, CV, and 7500-word writing sample. We 
would prefer electronic submission (amazzuca@ artsci .wustl .edu), but will 
be happy to accept submission by mail to Vincent B. Sherry, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Washington University, One Brookings Drive, Box 
1122, St. Louis, MO 63130. Priority will be given to applications received 
by May 1, 2010. Applications from women and other members of underrepresented 
groups are especially encouraged. [R]

Nevada

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Postdoctoral Fellowship 12684

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ch/

This fellowship, renewable for up to three years, is designed to provide 
support and experience for an academic career in the

humanities. Candidates will teach each semester a lecture/ discussion in 
the Core Humanities program, which offers a required Core sequence of 
two courses in the texts, arts and ideas of the ancient Near East to the 
Middle Ages (CH 201) and from Renaissance to Modern Europe (CH 
202), as well as CH 203, a course in American cultures. A second teaching 
assignment will be an additional capstone course or another core course, 
or occasionally an advanced course in the candidate’s field.

Required Qualifications: Ph.D. granted since May 2007 and or received 
by 7/1/10 in English, 
American Studies, History, or Philosophy, or in a 
related humanities field; a demonstratable record of effective teaching in 
interdisciplinary courses using historical, literary, and philosophical texts.

Preferred Qualifications: Specialization in classics, or in ancient or medieval 
history, literature, philosophy or humanities with teaching experience in a 
course equivalent to CH 201; additional teaching experience in a course 
equivalent to CH 202 or CH 203. Candidates must have a clear sense of the 
direction and development of their research interests and be able to show 
how these research interests are related to their teaching interests.

Please apply at: http:// www .unrsearch .com/ applicants/ Central?
quickFind=54480

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Lecturer 12646

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ engl

University of Nevada, Reno, Department of English 
seeks candidates for 
lecturers on .80 contracts to teach six undergraduate courses during the 
academic year: five in the Core Writing program (first-year writing) and 
one other course in the lecturer’s specialty areas in writing, literature, or 
language. Lecturers on 1.00 contracts teach eight undergraduate courses 
during the academic year: five in Core Writing, one in the lecturer’s specialty 
areas in writing, literature, or language, and two in developmental 
writing through Extended Studies. Lecturers also serve in the Core Writing 
program. Positions are for one year with the possibility of renewal for 
two additional years with continued funding and satisfactory performance.

Qualifications: MA in English 
or related field with graduate coursework 
in composition and demonstrated expertise in teaching writing.

Application Details: The University of Nevada requires that applications 
be submitted electronically at www .unrsearch .com/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=54132, where formal position announcements may be 
located by keyword or under College of Liberal Arts, Department of English. 
To apply, complete the brief form and submit your letter of application 
and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications must be submitted 
electronically no later than April 22, 2010. University of Nevada, Reno 
is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the diversity of 
its workforce.

U of Nevada, Reno

English, 
Dept of English/
0098 Reno NV 89557

Linguistics Lecturer 12645

http:// www .unr .edu/ cla/ engl

University of Nevada, Reno, Department of English 
seeks candidates for a 
two-year, non-tenure track position in Linguistics beginning July 1, 2010. 



Each semester, the instructor will teach three classes for the department. 
Courses may include required courses for majors and graduate seminars.

Qualifications: Candidates must possess a Ph.D. in Linguistics. Candidates 
must have demonstrated experience and expertise in teaching. Preference 
will go to a candidate with expertise teaching across the discipline, mainly 
at the undergraduate level. Courses include one or more sections of Introduction 
to Linguistics, Phonetics/ Phonology, Syntax, graduate seminars 
and other courses based on area of expertise.

Application Details: The University of Nevada requires that applications 
be submitted electronically at www .unrsearch .com/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=54132, where formal position announcements may be 
located by keyword or under College of Liberal Arts, Department of English. 
To apply, complete the brief form and submit your letter of application 
and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications must be submitted 
electronically no later than April 22, 2010. University of Nevada, Reno 
is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the diversity of 
its workforce.

New Jersey

Montclair SU

English, 
Montclair NJ 07043

Non-tenure Full and Part-time Positions 12669

http:// www .montclair .edu/ writing.

Four or more three-year, non-tenure track, non-renewable assistant professor 
or instructor positions. Teach first-year writing courses Intellectual 
Prose, Writing and Literary Study, and possibly Basic Writing. Committee 
participation and other service in support of FYW program and students. 
The teaching load is 4/4.

Also two-year half-time instructor/ assistant professor positions. Teach 
first-year writing courses Intellectual Prose, Writing and Literary Study, 
and possibly Basic Writing. Small service contributions in support of 
FYW program and students. Teaching load is 2/2.

Required: Appropriate degree required. Record of success teaching first-
year writing in a diverse, multi-ethnic environment essential. Significant 
coursework in Writing Studies highly desirable. More information for 
both at: http:// www .montclair .edu/ writing.

Apply to Dr. Emily Isaacs via email at: Teachwriting@ mail .montclair .edu 
(use this email only); in “Re” line type name and “lecturer position” or 
“half-time.” Send application as one pdf file only. Hard copy and other 
formats not accepted. Applicant review begins May 1, 2010.

William Paterson U

English, 
300 Pompton Rd Wayne NJ 07470

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 12653

http://ww2.wpunj .edu

William Paterson University seeks applications from candidates with specialization 
in Creative Writing, especially poetry, creative non-fiction, 
and multi-genre writing. Tenure track position. The successful candidate 
will teach a variety of specialized undergraduate writing courses and graduate 
writing courses in our newly established M.F.A. program, as well as 
University Core Curriculum courses. We are always interested in writers 
with experience in teaching literature and composition/ rhetoric. Ph.D. 
preferred. M.F.A considered. Relevant publications, teaching experience 
and professional writing experience required. Candidates should submit a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample and three letters of 
recommendation to Linda Hamalian, Chair, English 
Department, William 
Paterson University, 300 Pompton Road, Wayne, NJ 07470. Review 
of applicants will begin immediately and continue until the position is 
filled. This position offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits 
package including tuition waiver for dependent children. William 
Paterson University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity. Women, minorities, and members of under-represented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R]

New York

Bard High School Early College Queens

Division of Language and Literature, 30–20 Thomson Ave Long 
Island City NY 11101

Assistant Professor of English 
or Comparative Literature 12675

Bard High School Early College Queens, created in 2008 by Bard College 
and the New York City Department of Education, seeks teachers and 
scholars who are passionate about their field, creative in engaging students, 
and dedicated to working with adolescents.

A national model for public school reform, BHSEC enables talented and 
highly motivated students from diverse backgrounds to move in four years 
from the ninth grade through the first two years of college, earning both 
an Associate’s degree from Bard and a high school diploma. Classes are 
small, and teaching is interactive.

Applicants from any field of literary study–ancient to modern, Western 
and non-Western–are welcome. College teaching experience, plus a Ph.D. 
or significant progress toward one, is expected; experience with younger 
students is also helpful.

To apply, send a cover letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to the address below (electronic applications are preferred). In addition, 
please include a brief classroom anecdote–drawn from your experience as 
a teacher or student–and explain how this story reflects your ideas about 
education. Review of applications begins immediately.

Dean Patricia Sharpe, psharpe@ bhsec .bard .edu, Bard High School 
Early College Queens, 30–20 Thomson Ave., Long Island City, NY 
11101 [R]

Baruch C, CUNY

English, 
1 Bernard Baruch Way New York NY 10010

Lecturer 12634

The Department of English 
at Baruch College, the City University of 
New York, seeks applicants for a fulltime lecturer position for a poet and 
writing teacher to begin in the Fall, 2010. MFA required. Teaching responsibilities 
will be predominantly in freshman writing and a lower-
division Great Works of Literature course, with an additional role in 
developing the creative writing concentration and teaching poetry.

The Department of English 
offers a major for B.A. students and a minor 
for B.A. and B.B.A. students. In addition to the general education courses 
in composition and Great Works, the Department offers a wide variety of 
courses in literature, creative writing, and language and society. Among 
interdisciplinary offerings are courses in film, linguistics, and global studies. 
For additional information, please see http:// www .baruch .cuny .edu/ 
wsas/ academics/ english/ 
index .htm.

This position is a one-year appointment, potentially renewable for five 
years with the possibility of appointment to a permanent position (Certificate 
of Continuing Employment).

Send curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, evidence of teaching effectiveness, 
and poetry from thesis and/or publications by April 30, 2010, 
to: John Brenkman, Chair, Department of English, 
Baruch College-
CUNY, 55 Lexington Ave. #7–243, New York, NY 10010

An AA/EO/IRCA/ ADA employer. 
[R]



C of Saint Rose

English, 
432 Western Av Albany NY 12203

Visiting Instructor, Early Literature of the Americas 12558

http:// www .strose .edu

The College of Saint Rose in Albany, NY, (432 Western Ave., Albany, 
NY 12203) seeks a qualified candidate for a Visiting Instructor line in the 
English 
Department for the 2010–2011 academic year with the possibility 
of being renewed for one additional year. We are looking for primary 
expertise in Early Literature of the Americas coupled with the ability to 
teach a range of introductory level courses in literature. Earned doctorate 
preferred; M.A. required. Candidates should also have a demonstrated 
ability to work with and instruct a culturally diverse group of people. The 
College of Saint Rose is a dynamic, comprehensive college of more than 
5,000 students. Located in the heart of New York State’s Capital District, 
The College of Saint Rose is an independent, coeducational institution. 
Additional information about the College may be found at http:// www 
.strose .edu. The College of Saint Rose values diversity and abides by federal, 
state and local law in admissions, employment and all services and 
programs provided. It does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, sex, religion/ creed, disability, age, national/ ethnic origin, sexual 
orientation or any other condition established by law. For immediate 
consideration, open a College of Saint Rose Employment Account by logging 
into our website using the following link: http:// www .strose .edu/ officesandresources/ 
employment_ opportunities/ employmentopportunities. 
Upload the following documents, which are required for consideration: 
Letter of application, current curriculum vitae, official transcripts, three 
letters of recommendation. Deadline for applications: April 28. [R]

City C, CUNY

English, 
160 Convent Av, NAC 6/219 New York NY 10031

Assistant Professor-English 
(Carl H. Pforzheimer Fellowship) 12575

http:// www1.ccny .cuny .edu/ jobs/ FY-2530.cfm

The City College of New York (CUNY) announces a one-year fellowship 
position in English, 
preferably at the rank of Assistant Professor, funded 
by its Pforzheimer Fellowship Endowment and subject to budgetary approval, 
with possibility of subsequent-year conversion to a tenure-track 
position. The successful applicant will teach two courses per semester (a 
general undergraduate course as well as a course in specialization) and 
pursue research interests. The department has particular needs in history 
of drama other than Shakespeare, and is interested in candidates able to 
move adroitly among some or all of the following periods: classical, medieval, 
restoration and modern.

Colgate U

Film & Media Studies Program, 13 Oak Drive Hamilton NY 13346

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Film & Media Studies/ Core 
(2 year position) 12651

http:// www .colgate .edu

Colgate University invites applications for a two-year Andrew W. Mellon 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Film and Media Studies to begin in Fall 
2010. The successful candidate will, each year, teach two courses: one 
course in Film and Media Studies on a topic relevant to the candidate’s 
expertise; one course in Colgate’s interdisciplinary Core curriculum. The 
Core course, Challenges of Modernity, explores modernity through the 
work of such figures as Nietzsche, Marx, Picasso, Hitchcock, and Woolf. 
A completed Ph.D. degree is expected by the time the appointment begins. 
The Mellon fellow will have colleagues and mentors in both an 
academic department and the interdisciplinary core course, along with 
research support and faculty development opportunities.

Colgate University, a highly selective liberal arts college in central New 
York, is also within easy drive of larger research institutions. AA/EOE. 
Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty, student body, and staff furthers 
the university’s educational mission. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply.

Please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, and dossier with letters of 
recommendation and evidence of teaching effectiveness to Constance 
Harsh, Chair, Core Post-Doc Search, University Studies, 219 Alumni 
Hall, Colgate University, 13 Oak Drive, Hamilton, NY 13346. Review 
of applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. [R]

Columbia U

English 
& Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 
10027

Lecturers in Discipline – Associate Directors 12577

Columbia University, Undergraduate Writing Program

https:// academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=52898

The Undergraduate Writing Program invites applications for two positions: 
an Associate Director of First Year Writing, and an Associate Director 
of the Writing Center beginning July 1, 2010. Appointments will be 
in the Department of English 
and Comparative Literature at the faculty 
rank of Lecturer in Discipline. These are full-time nine-month appointments 
with multi-year renewals contingent on successful reviews. These 
positions carry administrative responsibilities during the summer months 
for which additional compensation is provided.

Ph.D. in English, 
Rhetoric/ Composition, or a related field, preferred for 
both positions. Experience in first year writing program administration 
required. For the First Year Writing position, experience developing first-
year courses and teacher training programs is required. For the Writing 
Center position, experience in writing center work is required.

The Associate Director of First Year Writing assists the Director of the 
UWP to plan and pilot undergraduate course offerings for the UWP. Additional 
duties include but are not limited to hiring, training, and providing 
ongoing professional development for a staff of 80 graduate student 
instructors; leading workshops for Columbia graduate students and faculty 
on writing-based teaching; scheduling classes; responding to placement 
queries and student concerns; creating and revising program materials 
such as handbooks, online resources, and assessment tools. Experience 
developing topic-based writing courses and working with new media is 
especially welcome.

The Associate Director of the Writing Center recruits, trains, and supervises 
25–30 graduate student tutors per year; coordinates Writing Center 
scheduling; publicizes the work of the Writing Center; and leads workshops 
for undergraduate students on diverse topics related to academic and 
professional writing. People who have experience leading peer-tutoring 
programs are particularly encouraged to apply.

Associate directors of the UWP teach at least one section of first-year 
composition per semester; they support the Director of the UWP in all 
aspects of the UWP’s administration, which includes overseeing the program’s 
80 graduate student instructors; qualified individuals may also be 
asked to facilitate the graduate pedagogy seminar.

Applications are welcome to one or both positions. For more information 
and to apply, please visit our online site at:

https:// academicjobs .columbia .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=52898

Applications should also include a c.v., a writing sample of no more than 
20 pages, a syllabus from a recent composition course you have taught, 
your strongest student essay from that course, and three letters of recommendation.


Deadline for applications is April 15, 2010.

Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
employer. 
[R]



Genesee Comm C

Humanities, One College Rd Batavia NY 14020

Instructor of English-
Anticipated 12540

http:// www .genesee .edu/ employment

Master’’s Degree in English 
with an emphasis on teaching composition/ 
writing required, with graduate level coursework in composition and 
rhetoric preferred. Experience in teaching English 
composition at the 
college level is required, experience in teaching developmental English 
a plus.

Strong teaching skills with familiarity in a wide range of instructional 
strategies and modes of instruction, commitment to service learning and 
student-centered classrooms, and demonstrated excellence in written and 
spoken English 
are required. Familiarity with computer-assisted/ multimedia 
instruction and distance learning (such as point-to-point, and 
on-line (Internet) courses is also required. Must be able to demonstrate 
sensitivity to people with diverse cultural and racial backgrounds.

Ideal candidates will possess a passion for teaching and learning, a sense of 
humor, a positive attitude and a willingness to embrace technology. They 
will strive to create and maintain personal connections with students and 
the college community. (S)he must be a friendly, enthusiastic team player 
with a strong work ethic who contributes to Genesee’’s supportive community, 
dedicated to effective innovative strategies for student success.

Teaches all levels of English 
composition at the Batavia campus, campus 
centers, in concurrent enrollment programs (high school/ college), and/
or all distance learning formats, day, evening and/or weekends, as needed. 
The College supports and values innovative teaching in nontraditional 
delivery systems and modes.

Assists in the coordination, development, and assessment of the College’’s 
English 
composition offerings.

Assists in the program assessment for the Liberal Arts/ Humanities and the 
General Studies Program.

Actively participates in selecting and mentoring adjunct faculty and reviewing 
syllabi for all locations.

Participates in the creation of service learning activities.

Advises students.

Serves as an active member of the College Community.

Position is targeted to begin Fall 2010. For more details and to apply online 
visit www .genesee .edu/ about/ employment/. Applications accepted 
through April 5, 2010. Please include a cover letter, resume and contact 
information for four references. GCC is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
committed to fostering diversity in its faculty, staff, and student body, and 
strongly encourages applications from the entire spectrum of a diverse 
community.

Genesee Comm C

Humanities, One College Rd Batavia NY 14020

Instructor of ESL & English 
or ESL & Spanish 12539

http:// www .genesee .edu/ employment

Instructor of ESL/ English 
OR ESL/ Spanish-Master’’s degree in English 
with an emphasis in teaching composition/ writing or the equivalent and 
at least 18 graduate hours in ESL; or Master’’s degree in English 
as a Second 
Language with at least 18 graduate hours in English 
with an emphasis 
on teaching composition/ writing; or the equivalent is required OR 
Master’’s degree in English 
as a Second Language with at least 18 graduate 
hours in Spanish linguistics or a Master’’s degree in Spanish Linguistics 
with at least 18 graduate hours in ESL.

Experience teaching ESL and Spanish OR ESL and English 
composition 
and teaching at the college level are required. For candidates with ESL/ 
SPA credentials native or near native speaking ability in ESL and Spanish 
required.

Teach all levels of ESL and Spanish or ESL and English 
composition at 
the Batavia campus, campus centers, in concurrent enrollment programs 
(high school/ college), and/or distance learning format, day, evening and/
or weekends, as needed. The College supports and values innovative 
teaching in nontraditional delivery systems and modes.

Strong teaching skills with familiarity in a wide range of instructional 
strategies and modes of instruction, commitment to service learning and 
student-centered classrooms, and demonstrated excellence in written and 
spoken English 
are required. Familiarity with computer-assisted/ multimedia 
instruction and distance learning (such as point-to-point, and 
on-line (Internet) courses is also required. Must be able to demonstrate 
sensitivity to people with diverse cultural and racial backgrounds.

Ideal candidates will possess a passion for teaching and learning, a sense of 
humor, a positive attitude and a willingness to embrace technology. They 
will strive to create and maintain personal connections with students and 
the college community. (S)he must be a friendly, enthusiastic team player 
with a strong work ethic who contributes to Genesee’’s supportive community, 
dedicated to effective innovative strategies for student success.

Assist in ESL and Spanish or ESL and English 
course development, assessment 
and update as needed.

Support the College’’s ESL population through activities and involvement 
in ISO (international student organization) or the equivalent.

Assist in the recruitment, retention, advisement and graduation of the students.


Assist in the program assessment and development of the Humanities and 
Social Science and the General Studies Programs.

Actively participate in the selection and mentoring adjunct faculty and 
review of syllabi.

Serve on the Global Education Committee.

Maintain connections with language teachers in area high schools as 
needed.

Serve as an active member of College community.

Position is targeted to begin Fall 2010. For more details and to apply online 
visit www .genesee .edu/ about/ employment/. Applications accepted 
through April 5, 2010. Please include a cover letter, resume and contact 
information for four references. GCC is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
committed to fostering diversity in its faculty, staff, and student body, and 
strongly encourages applications from the entire spectrum of a diverse 
community.

Hobart & William Smith Colleges

Spanish and Hispanic Studies, 300 Pulteney Street Geneva NY 14456

Assistant Professor in composition theory 12587

http:// www .hws .edu

The Writing and Rhetoric Program at Hobart and William Smith Colleges 
invites applications for a one-year temporary position at the Assistant 
Professor level. Ph.D. in composition theory; ABD considered. The 
teaching load for the position is 3 courses per semester, and will include 
100-and 200-level writing courses. The successful candidate will have 
experience with writing workshops and collaborative learning, WAC 
programs, and ESOL. The WRRH Program has a set of curricular 
guidelines and learning practices that grow out of our shared pedagogical 
philosophy. We encourage and value innovative teaching within our 
guidelines.

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS

Candidates with these credentials should submit a letter of interest, a 
curriculum vita, contact information for three references and a teaching 
portfolio that includes a statement of the candidate’’s pedagogical practices 
and philosophy, sample syllabi, including a syllabus for an introductory 
writing class, and an anonymous student essay from the course. Review 
of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is 
filled. Send materials to:

Professor Cheryl Forbes, Chair, The Writing and Rhetoric Program, Hobart 
and William Smith College, Geneva, NY 14456-3397

EOE



Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and supporting 
a faculty of women and men that fully represent the racial, ethnic, 
and cultural diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from 
under-represented groups. The Colleges do not discriminate on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, age, disability, 
veteran’’s status, or sexual orientation or any other protected status.

Founded as Hobart College for men and William Smith College for 
women, Hobart and William Smith Colleges today are a highly selective 
residential liberal arts institution with a single administration, faculty 
and curriculum but separate dean’s offices, student governments, athletic 
programs and traditions. The Colleges are located in a small diverse city 
in the Finger Lakes region of New York State. With an enrollment of approximately 
2,000, the Colleges offer 62 different majors and minors from 
which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be 
an interdisciplinary program. Creative and extensive programs of international 
study and public service are also at the core of the Colleges’ mission. 
[R]

Ithaca C

English, 
306 Muller Faculty Ctr 953 Danby Rd Ithaca NY 14850

Assistant Professor 12620

http:// www .ithaca .edu

Ithaca College, Department of English, 
invites applications for a one-
year assistant professorship in African-American literature with the possibility 
of future appointments pending departmental needs, beginning 
August 16, 2010. The successful candidate will teach a combination of 
introductory literature courses along with courses in African-American 
literature. Teaching experience and PhD in English 
or related field preferred; 
ABD candidates who have made significant progress towards 
completion of the degree are also strongly encouraged to apply. Interested 
individuals should apply on line at www .icjobs .org and attach a cover letter 
and curriculum vita. Under separate cover, send three letters of recommendation 
to Hugh Egan, Chair, Department of English, 
Ithaca College, 
953 Danby Rd, Ithaca, NY 14850. Review of application will begin immediately 
and will continue until the position is filled. Ithaca College is 
committed to building a diverse academic community and encourages 
members of underrepresented groups to apply. Experience that contributes 
to the diversity of the college is appreciated. [R]

LIM College

Arts & Communications, 216 East 45th Street New York NY 10017

Full-time Professor of Arts & Communications 12791

http:// www .limcollege .edu/

LIM College – Where Business Meets Fashion (New York, NY) is currently 
seeking candidates for the position of Full-time Faculty, Arts & 
Communications.

Requirements: The person selected will have the following qualifications:

Minimum Required Qualifications:

• Ph.D. in one of the following fields: Rhetoric & Composition, English/ 
American Literature, Comparative Literature

• Evidence of excellent college teaching record

• Scholarship activity

• Ability to compose, evaluate, and assess composition course materials

General Preferred Qualifications:

• Ph.D. in Rhetoric & Composition

• Experience teaching in the distance learning format

• Scholarship in Rhetoric & Composition

• Familiarity with Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC)

Please visit our website at www .limcollege .edu and click on “Careers @ 
LIM” for further information about the position and information about 
our competitive benefits package.

Application materials should be post marked by July 5, 2010. For consideration, 
candidates are required to submit a cover letter, resume or C.V. 
and the contact information of three professional references to: Britta H. 
Hahn, Human Resources Coordinator, LIM College – Where Business 
Meets Fashion, 12 East 53rd Street, New York, NY 10022-5268

Fax: 212-750-3493

Email: hrcareers@ limcollege .edu

Manhattan C

English, 
4513 Manhattan College Pky Bronx NY 10471

Visiting Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 12555

http:// www .manhattan .edu

Manhattan College seeks a visiting assistant professor of creative writing, 
with an emphasis on poetry, for the 2010/2011 school year. Renewal for 
second year possible. 3/4 annual courseload composed primarily of writing 
courses (freshman composition and introductory creative writing), introductory 
level literature, and a major-level poetry workshop. MFA or 
Ph. D. in creative writing or literature required. Interviewing local candidates 
only; campus visits held in late April. Please send letter of application, 
CV, and recommendations ONLY to Rocco Marinaccio, Chair, 
Department of English, 
Manhattan College, The Bronx, NY 10471. 
Postmark deadline 31 March; no electronic submissions .Manhattan College 
is an independent Catholic coeducational institution in the Lasallian 
tradition located in the Riverdale section of New York City. We ask our 
faculty, administration and staff to be knowledgeable about our mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. Women and miniorities 
encouraged to apply. We are committed to a diverse campus community. 
An AA/EO Employer 
M/F/D/V. [R]

Manhattan C

English, 
4513 Manhattan College Pky Bronx NY 10471

Visiting Assistant Professors/ Instructors 2010/2011 12554

http:// www .manhattan .edu

Manhattan College seeks two visiting assistant professors/ visiting instructors 
for the 2010/2011 school year. Renewal for second year possible. 3/4 
annual courseload composed primarily of writing courses (freshman composition 
or business writing); possibility of introductory level literature 
class where appropriate. ABD in literature or composition/ rhetoric required; 
Ph.D. preferred. Interviewing local candidates only; campus visits 
held in late April. Please send letter of application, CV, and recommendations 
ONLY to Rocco Marinaccio, Chair, Department of English, 
Manhattan 
College, The Bronx, NY 10471. Postmark deadline 31 March; no 
electronic submissions. Manhattan College is an independent Catholic 
coeducational institution in the Lasallian tradition located in the Riverdale 
section of New York City. We ask our faculty, administration and 
staff to be knowledgeable about our mission and to make a positive contribution 
to that mission. Women and minorities encouraged to apply. 
We are committed a diverse campus community. An AA/EO Employer 
M/F/D/V. [R]

Molloy C

English, 
PO Box 5002, 1000 Hempstead Av Rockville Centre NY 11571

Assistant Professor of English 
12703

http:// www .molloy .edu/ employment/ index .asp#327

Position: Full-time, Tenure-track, Generalist, with a Speciality in Reading. 
Teaching load of twelve credits per semester, including preparatory 
and critical reading, freshman composition, and introductory literature 
courses. Willingness to teach day, evening, and/or weekend courses.

Starting: Fall 2010

Qualifications: Ph.D. required. College teaching experience required.

To Apply: Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to Lisa Miller, Director of Human Resources, Molloy College, 



1000 Hempstead Avenue, P.O .box 5002, Rockville Centre, NY 11571-
5002.

Application Deadline: May 15, 2010

New School, The

For Langs, 64 West 11th St New York NY 10011

Chair English 
Language Studies Department 12666

http:// newschool .edu

The New School seeks a senior TESOL professional to lead its department 
of English 
Language Studies. The Department offers a Master of 
Arts degree in TESOL with concentrations in Teaching and Curriculum 
Development; a concentration in Teaching English 
to Young Learners is 
in development.

For a more information and to apply, please go to careers .newschool .edu/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=52174 or visit http:// careers .newschool 
.edu/ and search for Chair English 
Language Studies Department posted 
under the “Administrative” link.

The successful candidate will play a major role in expanding the department 
by initiating curricular enhancements; extending recruitment efforts; 
exploring the possibility of teacher certification for MATESOL 
candidates; collaborating with colleagues across the university to support 
the ESL needs of undergraduate and graduate students; and exploring 
links to related fields at the University such as Foreign Languages instruction. 
This is a three-year term appointment which is renewable.

New York U

John W. Draper Master’s Program, 14 University Place New York NY 
10003

Assistant Professor/ Faculty Fellow 12572

John W. Draper Interdisciplinary Program

ARTS AND SCIENCE

New York University

The John W. Draper Interdisciplinary Master’s Program in Humanities 
and Social Thought invites applications for an Assistant Professor/ Faculty 
Fellow in the area of The City, to begin September 1, 2010, pending 
budgetary and administrative approval. The initial appointment will be 
for one year, renewable annually for a maximum of three years. We seek 
an outstanding interdisciplinary scholar with training in urban anthropology 
and/or sociology, cultural geography, social demography, urban 
environmental geography, and/or urban policy and planning. Global environmental, 
political, and/or historical perspectives, with particular emphasis 
on questions of sustainability, power, social space, and the politics 
of difference, are especially welcome. Assistant Professors/ Faculty Fellows 
teach three courses a year, advise students, and serve on admissions committees, 
among other responsibilities. Candidates must demonstrate commitment 
to interdisciplinary scholarship and to effective teaching. The 
Ph.D. must be no more than three years old by the fall of 2010.

Please send c.v., dissertation précis, letter of application, descriptions of 
three courses you could teach in our program, and three letters of reference 
by April 23, 2010to: The City Search Committee, Draper Program, 
New York University, 14 University Place, New York, NY 10003. For 
more information about the Draper Program see http:// www .draper .fas 
.nyu .edu/ page/ home.

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.


SU of New York, New Paltz

English, 
JFT 714 600 Hawk Dr New Paltz NY 12561

Visiting Assistant Professor of 20c British Literature 12809

The Department of English 
at the State University of New York, New 
Paltz invites applications for a one-year Visiting Assistant Professor. Official 
duties will begin in mid-August 2010 and conclude in mid-May 
2011.

Teaching duties (7 courses, 25 credits, for the year) will include teaching 
multiple sections of English 
Literature II in our core British literature 
survey sequence; a graduate course in twentieth-century 
British literature; 
and additional undergraduate or graduate courses, to be determined. 
Teaching composition is an option but is not required. Some modest departmental 
service will be expected.

Ph.D. with a specialization in twentieth-century 
British literature and 
culture REQUIRED. An ability to teach general education literature 
courses, twentieth-century 
topics, film studies, or other areas also desired. 
Prior upper-level and/or graduate-level teaching experience valued but 
not required.

Note search number F10–10 on all materials submitted for this search. 
Candidates must initially include 1) a letter of application, 2) a curriculum 
vitae, 3) three letters of recommendation, and 4) evidence of successful 
teaching (e.g., sample syllabi, course evaluations, statement of teaching 
philosophy).

Thomas G. Olsen, Chair, Department of English, 
JFT 714, SUNY New 
Paltz, 600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY 12561

Additional materials may be asked of short-listed candidates.

Only applications received by July 2, 2010 will be assured full consideration. 
On-campus interviews of finalists will occur in early July.

SUNY New Paltz is a highly selective, public college that is recognized 
regionally for the strength of its academic programs. It is located in the 
beautiful Hudson River Valley with easy access to New York City and 
nearby amenities.

SUNY New Paltz is an AA/EOE/ ADA employer. 
[R]

SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU

Human Resource Services, 101 Broad St Champlain Valley Hall, Rm 
103 Plattsburgh NY 12901

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 12593

http:// www .plattsburgh .edu/

The English 
Department of the State University of New York, College at 
Plattsburgh invites applications for a full-time tenure track Assistant Professor 
position in Creative Writing to begin Fall 2010.

Responsibilities include: Teaching core courses for writing majors; general 
education literature courses; lower and upper division creative writing 
and literature courses. Active involvement in developing the Writing 
Arts Major, mentoring student writers, working with the Z-Platt student 
publication, and sharing editorial responsibilities for Saranac Review, the 
Department’s literary journal, are also required. The successful candidate 
will be expected to engage in campus and departmental service, as well as 
continued publication and scholarship.

Qualifications: M.F.A. and/or Ph.D. in Creative Writing; evidence of 
publication; and record of successful college teaching are required. Significant 
publication in more than one genre and/or medium is preferred. 
Secondary teaching interests should be included in the cover letter.

SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity.

Review of applications begins immediately and continues until the position 
is filled. Application materials received by April 12, 2010 will be 
guaranteed full consideration. Please apply to https:// jobs .plattsburgh .edu/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=50695 and include a cover letter, resume 
or CV, 10–20 page writing sample, statement of teaching philosophy and 
3 current letters of reference. Official transcripts from an accredited institution 
will be required prior to employment.



North Carolina

U of North Carolina, Chapel Hill

English 
& Comparative Literature, Greenlaw Hall, Campus Box 3520 
Chapel Hill NC 27599

Assistant Professor of Twentieth-Century 
American Literature 12538

http:// englishcomplit 
.unc .edu/

The Department of English 
& Comparative Literature at UNC-Chapel 
Hill invites applications for a tenure-track job at the Assistant Professor 
level in Twentieth-Century 
American literature, to begin in academic 
year 2010–11. The ideal candidate will have additional expertise in Southern 
literature and/or post-1945. Successful applicants will have the PhD in 
hand by the end of August, a strong research program and outstanding 
teaching credentials. The position carries a 2–2 teaching load with significant 
research expectations. Please refer to our web site for more information 
about the Department: http:// englishcomplit 
.unc .edu/.

To apply for the position, follow this link: http:// jobs .unc .edu/1002439. 
Please attach your cover letter, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, 
dissertation abstract, and a writing sample. In addition, please have four 
letters of recommendation sent to: doecljobsearch@ unc .edu or by conventional 
mail to: Americanist Search Committee, Department of English 
& Comparative Literature, Greenlaw Hall, CB# 3520, UNC Chapel Hill, 
Chapel Hill NC 27599-3520.

Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
The University of North Carolina is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R]

U of North Carolina, Greensboro

English, 
3143 MHRA Greensboro NC 27402

Visiting Lecturer/ Assistant Professor 12657

http:// www .uncg .edu/ eng

Visiting Lecturer/ Assistant Professor of Early American Literature

The English 
Department at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro 
invites applications for a one-year visiting lecturer/ assistant professor 
position, with specialization in the literature of the colonial period. We are 
particularly interested in applicants with expertise in Atlantic studies, European-
Native contact, and/or comparative colonization in the Americas.

Ph.D. by 1 August 2010 preferred, but ABD applicants will be considered. 
3–3 teaching load, including both survey and specialty courses.

Send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
via electronic submission to the Search Committee, to the attention of 
Ms. Anna Tysor (altysor@ uncg .edu).

Review of applicants will begin immediately. The closing date is 5 May 
2010, but review of applications will continue until the position is filled.

The University of North Carolina at Greensboro is committed to equality 
of employment opportunity and does not discriminate against applicants or 
employees based on race, color, creed, national origin, religion, gender, age, 
disability, veteran status, political affiliation, or sexual orientation. Moreover, 
The University of North Carolina at Greensboro is committed to recruiting 
and advancing women and minorities at all faculty/ staff levels.

Department of English, 
3143 MHRA, University of North Carolina at 
Greensboro, Greensboro, NC 27412. [R]

Ohio

Columbus S Comm C

English, 
550 E Spring St Columbus OH 43215

English 
Instructor 12625

http:// cscc .edu

The English 
Department seeks 3 tenure-track Instructors to start September 
2010. Candidates must be willing to focus on teaching freshman and 
second year composition. Applicants must be able to demonstrate leadership 
skills and familiarity with learning technologies.

Instructors teach 16 hours per quarter; develop curriculum; serve on committees; 
and participate in community service. Applicants must have a 
strong commitment to student-centered education; demonstrate teaching 
effectiveness; possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills; 
and embrace the mission of the community college.

Successful candidates should have at least a Master’s degree in English, 
Rhet/ Comp, or closely related field and at least 1 full-time year of successful 
teaching of college English 
after the most recent graduate degree.

To apply, visit Columbus State’s home page (cscc .edu) and click on the 
employment button. The 3 positions can be found under Instructor (English 
). You need only apply for one position to be considered for all. Interviews 
are anticipated in late April. [R]

John Carroll U

English, 
20700 N Park Blvd University Heights OH 44118

Visiting Assistant Professor 12735

Visiting Assistant Professor Twentieth Century British Literature 2010–
2011

One year visiting position with possible renewal. 4/4 load. Primary responsibility 
for occasional composition courses, Major British Authors survey 
courses, teaching 20th Century British Literature on undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Ability to teach Romantic Literature or Modern English 
Grammar welcome. Ph.D. required by time of appointment, 8/2010. 
Evidence of commitment to teaching. Experience teaching composition 
valuable. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.

E-mail with a cover letter and c.v. to fryan@ jcu .edu, and send three letters 
of reference and graduate transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable) to 
F.X. Ryan, Chair, Department of English, 
John Carroll University, 20700 
North Park Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44118. Review of applicants to 
begin immediately and continue until a successful candidate is selected. 
John Carroll, the Jesuit University in Cleveland, is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
The University is committed to diversity 
in the workplace and strongly encourages applications from women and 
minorities. [R]

John Carroll U

English, 
20700 N Park Blvd University Heights OH 44118

Visiting Assistant Professor Medieval Literature 2010–2011 12734

Visiting Assistant Professor Medieval Literature 2010–2011

One year visiting position with possible renewal. 4/4 load. Primary responsibility 
for two Major British Authors survey courses (one preparation), 
teaching Old English, 
Introduction to Early Medieval Literature, 
Introduction to Late Medieval Literature, History of English 
Language or 
Modern English 
Grammar, and a senior level Medieval Literature course 
of instructor’s design. Ph.D. required by time of appointment, 8/2010. 
Evidence of commitment to teaching. Experience teaching composition 
valuable. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.

E-mail with a cover letter and c.v. to fryan@ jcu .edu, and send three letters 
of reference and graduate transcripts (unofficial copies acceptable) 
Chair, Department of English, 
John Carroll University, 20700 North 
Park Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44118. Review of applicants to begin 



immediately and continue until a successful candidate is selected. John 
Carroll, the Jesuit University in Cleveland, is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
The University is committed to diversity 
in the workplace and strongly encourages applications from women and 
minorities. [R]

Kent SU

English, 
PO Box 5190, 125 Terrace Hall Kent OH 44242

Faculty Tenure Track-9 mos. (English), 
Job No. 992744 12632

http:// jobs .kent .edu

Full-time, nine-month tenure track assistant professor position to teach 
undergraduate major, general education, composition and developmental 
writing at Kent State University, Salem campus.

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
and evidence of teaching excellence in 
composition and undergraduate literature required. Candidate must demonstrate 
potential for research and publications necessary to make progress 
towards tenure. Expertise in early British literature, linguistics or drama 
desirable.

Application Deadline: Open until filled.

You must complete an Academic Data form online at https:// jobs .kent 
.edu/, attach a letter of application and curriculum vitae. In addition, 
please submit official transcripts and 3 letters of recommendation to: Kent 
State University at Salem, 2491 State Route 45, Salem, Ohio 44460. Attn: 
English 
Search Committee.

For a complete description of this position and to apply online, visit our 
jobsite at: http:// jobs .kent .edu

All documents submitted to Kent State University for employment opportunities 
are public records and subject to disclosure under the Ohio 
Public Records Law.

Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer


Kenyon C

English, 
Lentz House Gambier OH 43022

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
12556

http:// employment .kenyon .edu

The English 
Department at Kenyon College seeks to fill a one year visiting 
position (effective July 2010). Any specialty will be considered, although 
candidates with experience teaching English 
literature pre-1800 
will be preferred. Evidence of teaching excellence at the undergraduate 
level is required. A Ph.D. in hand is preferred, but not required. The 
teaching requirement is two classes in Fall 2010 and three in Spring 2011. 
To be complete, applications must include a cover letter detailing teaching 
experience and research interests, a c.v., three letters of reference (at 
least one of which must speak to the candidate’s teaching excellence), 
and a writing sample of no more than 20 pages. Only electronic applications 
will be accepted. We will begin reading applications on 25 March 
2010 and will continue until the position is filled. An Equal Opportunity 
Employer, 
Kenyon welcomes diversity and encourages the applications of 
women and minority candidates. Applications must be made at https:// 
employment .kenyon .edu . [R]

U of Akron

English, 
Olin 301 Akron OH 44325

Assistant Professor of English 
12794

http:// www .uakron .edu

Required: Ph.D. in Linguistics, TESOL, or a related discipline by the August 
23, 2010, start date; evidence of research in Linguistics and TESOL; 
college-level teaching experience; ability to teach the history of English. 
Preferred: demonstrated interest in teaching Creole Linguistics or Literary 
Linguistics.

The teaching load is 3/3 for tenure-track faculty with a significant research 
agenda. The successful applicant will be teaching courses in Linguistics 
and TESOL at the undergraduate and graduate levels, including 
courses required for the undergrad and graduate certificates in TESOL, as 
well as the TESOL endorsements in the College of Education.

Apply for this position at: http:// www .uakron .edu/ jobs/. Requisition 
number: 006045.

Review will begin June 28, 2010 and will continue until the position is 
filled.

The University of Akron is a comprehensive university of 28,000 students 
located in Northeast Ohio. The University of Akron is committed to a 
policy of equal employment opportunity and to the principles of affirmative 
action in accordance with state and federal laws. [R]

U of Akron

English, 
Olin 301 Akron OH 44325

Visiting College Lecturer, English 
12764

http:// www .uakron .edu/ jobs

The University of Akron-Department of English 
seeks a one-year Visiting 
College Lecturer. This position will teach 12 credits per semester 
of primarily distance sections of First Year Composition. MA in English 
required; Ph.D. in English 
or English 
and Education preferred. College-
level teaching experience and graduate coursework in Composition required. 
Experience with instructional technology and/or distributed 
learning required. Contract begins August 23, 2010. Candidates must 
teach from our on-campus classroom.

Apply for this position at: http:// www .uakron .edu/ jobs/. Requisition 
number: 006064. Follow directions under Resume Requirements in job 
posting at this website. The University of Akron is committed to a policy 
of equal employment opportunity and to the principles of affirmative action 
in accordance with state and federal laws. Review of application material 
will begin June 18, 2010 and will continue until filled. [R]

U of Cincinnati

English 
& Comp Lit, PO Box 210069 Cincinnati OH 45221

Visiting Professor/ Assoc/ Asst of Fiction 12545

http:// www.uc.edu

University of Cincinnati: Visiting Position in Fiction Writing

The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature invites applications 
for a visiting position for the 2010–11 academic year. MFA or PhD 
(completed by September 1, 2010) is required in creative writing/ fiction 
field of study. Candidates must have significant publications and at least 
one book is required. Demonstrated ability to teach undergraduate and 
graduate courses in creative writing/ fiction and to advise graduate students. 
Teaching load will be 2–2-2. The appointment will be made at a 
rank and salary commensurate with the individual’s record and includes a 
comprehensive benefit package.

For full consideration, applications must be received by May 1, 2010 at 
www .jobsatuc .com, job posting 210UC0247. The quicklink to this position 
is: www .jobsatuc .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=73824

Applicants being considered will be asked to provide additional information 
and materials.

The University of Cincinnati is an equal opportunity /affirmative action 
employer. 
Women, people of color, people with disabilities and veterans 
are encouraged to apply. [R]



U of Cincinnati-Clermont C

Humanities and Social Sciences, 4200 Clermont College Dr Batavia 
OH 45103

Assistant Professor of English 
12682

http:// ucclermont .edu

UC Clermont invites applications for the following faculty positions beginning 
September 1, 2010. UC Clermont is an open admissions branch 
campus of the University of Cincinnati located in the Cincinnati metropolitan 
area, with an enrollment of approximately 3,700 students. The 
College offers a variety of certificates, two-year technical degrees and 
transfer programs.

Faculty responsibilities include teaching 12-credit hours per quarter (autumn/ 
winter/ spring) unless otherwise indicated, ongoing scholarship/ research, 
service to the Department, College, University, and Community, 
and willingness to participate in all normal departmental duties. Doctoral 
candidates must have their degree awarded before September 1, 2010 to 
be eligible for the position.

Assistant Professor of English 
Composition (Tenure-Track) – Position # 
210UC0466

To see position description, minimum qualifications, and special instructions, 
go to www .jobsatuc .com in the “Search Positions”, enter the applicable 
number in the “Position #” field. Only applications received though 
this website will be considered.

All positions required a cover letter, current vita, copies of graduate transcript 
(these can be mailed), three names of professional reference, a brief 
statement of teaching philosophy, and a summary of evidence of excellent 
teaching & professional development.

The University of Cincinnati is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity 
employer. 
Women, minorities, disabled persons, and Vietnam Era and 
disabled veterans are encouraged to apply. [R]

U of Dayton

English, 
300 College Park Dayton OH 45469

Lecturer in Composition & Literature 12619

http:// www .udayton .edu

Full-time, non-tenure track position in composition and literature, specialty 
open. Responsibilities include teaching courses in writing (primarily 
first-year composition) and literature. We are particularly interested 
in candidates with expertise in one or more of the following areas: religion 
and literature, world Anglophone literatures, early modern studies, 
professional writing, and linguistics. We also encourage applications 
from those who can contribute to the on-going diversification of our 
curriculum. The teaching load is four courses each semester. A record 
of excellent teaching is expected. Experience teaching students from diverse 
backgrounds is preferred. M.A. in English 
or a related field required; 
Ph.D. preferred. Appointment is for one year, with possibility of renewal. 
Letter of application, CV, unofficial graduate transcript(s), and statement 
of teaching philosophy must be submitted on-line at http:// jobs .udayton 
.edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51009 by April 15, 2010. In addition, 
three original letters of recommendation must be mailed to Sheila Hassell 
Hughes, Department Chair.

The University of Dayton, a comprehensive Catholic university founded 
by the Society of Mary in 1850, is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and 
veterans are encouraged to apply. The University of Dayton is firmly 
committed to the principle of diversity. [R]

Oklahoma

Oklahoma Baptist U

Lang & Lit Div, 500 W University, OBU Box 61195 Shawnee OK 74804

Instructor in Composition 12656

http:// www .okbu .edu

Duties: The Language and Literature division invites applications for an 
instructior/ assistant professor of English 
beginning in August 2010. The 
successful candidate will be responsible to teach a 4/4 load that could 
include a combination of freshman composition or professional writing 
courses.

Application Deadline: Until position is filled.

Qualifications: The succsssful candidate will hold at least a Masters degree 
in English 
and should be an evangelical Christian who will support the 
mission of the University.

Skills, Proficiencies, and Knowldege: Individual must be able to communicate 
clearly and effectively; possess and be able to demonstrate strong 
interpersonal and pedagogical skills; possess an intermediate knowledge 
of office and classroom technlogy. [R]

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Assistant Professor – Screen Studies 12755

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

The Oklahoma State University English 
Department has one one-year 
appointment, beginning August 2010. PhD in Screen Studies or related 
area, with focus on American film. Publications and teaching experience 
required. Teaching load 3 courses per semester. Salary competitive. For 
further information on the department, see our web page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications must be received 
by June 15, 2010. However, we will continue to accept and consider applications 
until the positions are filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing 
sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation and 
transcript to Carol Moder, Head, Department of English, 
Oklahoma State 
University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Filling of this 
position is contingent upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Professor (rank open) – Poetry 12688

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

One-year appointment or two one-semester appointments, rank open, 
beginning August 2010. MFA or PhD in Creative Writing with significant 
poetry publications and teaching experience required. Teaching 2 
workshops per semester. Salary competitive. For further information on 
the department, see our web page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. Send letter 
of application, cv, and writing sample to Carol Moder, Head, Department 
of English, 
Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 
74078-4069. To ensure full consideration, applications must be received 
by May 3, 2010. However, we will continue to accept and consider applications 
until the position is filled. Filling of this position is contingent 
upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. 
OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.



Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Assistant Professors–Composition and/or Undergraduate
Literature 12566

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

Multiple positions possible, one year appointments renewable up to three 
years, starting August 2010. PhD and teaching experience required. 4–3 
course load teaching one or more of the following: composition, lower-division 
literature, technical writing. Salary competitive. For further information 
on the department, see our web page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. 
To ensure full consideration, applications must be received by April 23, 
2010. However, we will continue to accept and consider applications until 
the positions are filled. Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and 
dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript to Carol 
Moder, Head, Department of English, 
Oklahoma State University, 205 
Morrill Hall, Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Filling of this position is contingent 
upon availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify employer 
committed to 
diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

English 
Department-Lecturer 12565

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

The Oklahoma State University English 
Department has an opening for 
a part-time, non-tenure-track lecturer to teach freshman composition or 
its equivalent starting August 23, 2010. Must be able to teach during the 
day. MA in English 
required. For further information on the department, 
see our web page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, 
applications must be received by April 23, 2010. However, we will 
continue to accept and consider applications until the positions are filled. 
Send letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three 
letters of recommendation and transcript to Carol Moder, Head, Department 
of English, 
Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, 
OK 74078-4069. Filling of this position is contingent upon availability of 
funding. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ 
E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a 
tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

Visiting Assistant Professor – American Literature 12580

http:// english 
.okstate .edu

One year replacement appointment, starting August 2010. PhD and 
teaching experience required. 3–3 course load teaching American Literature. 
Salary competitive. For further information on the department, see 
our web page at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, 
applications must be received by April 23, 2010. However, we will continue 
to accept and consider applications until the position is filled. Send 
letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters 
of recommendation and transcript to Carol Moder, Head, Department 
of English, 
Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, Stillwater, 
OK 74078-4069. Filling of this position is contingent upon availability of 
funding. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ 
E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a 
tobacco-free campus.

Oregon

Eastern Oregon U

English, 
1 University Blvd La Grande OR 97850

Instructor/ Assistant Professor of Composition (2 positions available) 12659

http:// chinook .eou .edu/hr/

Eastern Oregon University invites applications for two positions in Composition/ 
Rhetoric-one tenure track position and one instructor position 
(fixed-term with possibility of renewal). Successful candidates will teach a 
broad range of lower-division courses, including developmental and first-
year composition, argumentation, and technical writing, as well as some 
introductory literature and possibly some online teaching.

For complete position announcement, deadline and application procedure 
see: http:// chinook .eou .edu/hr/

Pennsylvania

Bucknell U

English, 
Lewisburg PA 17837

Assistant Professor of English: 
Creative Writing 12820

http:// www .departments .bucknell .edu/ english


Bucknell University seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor of 
English, 
entry-level (no more than four years of full-time post-doctoral 
teaching experience at the time of appointment), beginning August 2011, 
specializing in creative writing: fiction, with ability to teach fiction writing 
at beginning and advanced levels as well as introductory multi-genre 
courses. Ability to teach creative nonfiction, screenwriting, or playwriting 
is desirable. MFA or Ph.D. and teaching experience required; record 
of publication in fiction strongly preferred. Application deadline is October 
15, 2010. Please submit letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, 
and writing sample to https:// jobs .bucknell .edu/. Bucknell 
University encourages applications from women and members of minority 
groups (EEO/AA), values a diverse college community, and is committed 
to excellence through diversity in its faculty, staff and students. 
Please visit the Bucknell English 
Department on the web at http:// www 
.departments .bucknell .edu/ english. 
[R]

Indiana U of Pennsylvania

English, 
421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705

Assistant Professor in Technical and Professional Writing 12597

http:// www .iup .edu/ employment

Indiana University of Pennsylvania invites applications for a tenure-track 
position at the assistant professor rank to begin either Fall 2010 or Spring 
2011. We seek a specialist in Technical and Professional Writing to teach 
at the undergraduate level. The ideal candidate will have expertise in 
technical and professional writing with emphasis in the teaching of writing 
for digital media in the undergraduate writing track for majors. This 
position also requires teaching undergraduate composition, introductory 
literature, advising, and participating in writing track and departmental 
governance.

Qualifications: Ph.D. must be in hand at the time of employment. In addition 
to expertise in the field and related professional activity, all candidates 
must have documented training and experience in teaching technical/ 
professional writing, teaching writing for digital media and composition, 
proven excellence in teaching, and strong commitment to service. 
Candidates must communicate effectively and perform well during the 
interview(s), which may include a teaching demonstration. All applicants 
must be work eligible.

Please indicate that you are applying for the English 
faculty position in 
Technical and Professional Writing. Send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, transcripts (original transcripts required for campus interview), 



three current letters of recommendation, writing sample, and a one-page 
statement of teaching philosophy to: Dr. Linda Norris, Recruitment 
Chair, Dept. of English, 
110 Leonard Hall, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, 
Indiana, PA 15705.

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the 
position is filled. We anticipate screening candidates by phone. Women 
and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. A member of the Pennsylvania 
State System of Higher Education, IUP is an equal opportunity 
employer 
M/F/H/V.

Indiana U of Pennsylvania

English, 
421 North Walk, 110 Leonard Hall Indiana PA 15705

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing/ Creative Nonfiction 12596

http:// www .iup .edu/ employment

Indiana University of Pennsylvania invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the assistant professor rank to begin either Fall 2010 or Spring 2011. 
We seek a specialist in creative nonfiction to teach at the undergraduate level. 
The ideal candidate will have expertise in creative writing with emphasis in 
the teaching of nonfiction. Additional expertise in poetry is highly desirable. 
The position also requires undergraduate composition, literature, advising, 
and participating in writing track and departmental governance.

Qualifications: Ph.D. must be in hand by the time of employment. In addition 
to expertise and publications in the field, all candidates must have 
documented training and expertise in teaching composition, experience 
teaching introductory literature, proven excellence in teaching, and 
strong commitment to service. Candidates must communicate effectively 
and perform well during the interview(s), which may include a teaching 
demonstration. All applicants must be work eligible.

Please indicate that you are applying for the English 
faculty position in 
Creative Writing/ Creative Nonfiction. Send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, transcripts (original transcripts required for campus interview), 
three current letters of recommendation, writing sample, and a 
one-page statement of teaching philosophy to: Dr. Linda Norris, Recruitment 
Chair, Dept. of English, 
110 Leonard Hall, Indiana University of 
Pennsylvania, Indiana, PA 15705.

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the 
position is filled. We anticipate screening candidates by phone. Women 
and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. A member of the Pennsylvania 
State System of Higher Education, IUP is an equal opportunity 
employer 
M/F/H/V

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania

English, 
205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530

Multiple Full-time Temporary Positions in English 
12609

http:// www .kutztown .edu/ employment

The Department of English 
at Kutztown University invites applications 
for multiple full-time temporary positions to teach literature, composition, 
and/or professional writing, and/or to supervise teacher candidate 
field experiences for the 2010–2011 academic year. The 4/4 course teaching 
load may include composition, literature (e.g., Introduction to Literature 
and other survey courses), professional writing (e.g., Writing for the 
Workplace and Journalism), English 
education (e.g., Linguistics, History 
of the English 
Language, and Teaching of Adolescent Literature), and/
or supervision of teacher candidate field experiences, depending on the 
candidate’s expertise and department need. Salary competitive. For full 
description, criteria, and complete listing of vacancies, plesae visit our 
website at www .kutztown .edu/ employment. Questions about English 
positions may be addressed to mcnally@ kutztown .edu. Kutztown University 
is an AA/EOE member of the PA State System of Higher Education 
and actively solicits applications from women and minorities. All 
applicants for employment are subject to criminal background checks.

Penn State U

English, 
105 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802

Postdoctoral Fellowship in Nineteenth-Century 
British Literature and 
Culture 12626

http:// english.
la.psu .edu

The English 
department at Penn State University invites applications for 
a one-year postdoctoral fellowship in Nineteenth-Century 
British Literature 
and Culture to begin Fall 2010. Specialists in both Romantic and 
Victorian literature are encouraged to apply. The fellowship carries a 
teaching load of 2–2. Salary is competitive. The successful applicant will 
have PhD in hand by August 1, 2010 and publication in print. Please send 
letter of application, CV, three letters of reference, and a sample of published 
work to kmd16@ psu .edu. Electronic submission strongly preferred. 
If unable to send electronically, applications can be mailed to Robin 
Schulze, Head, Box RVL, Department of English, 
139 Burrowes Building, 
The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802-6200. 
Screening of applications will begin immediately. Applications will be 
considered until the position is filled. Penn State is committed to affirmative 
action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce.

Penn State U, Erie, Behrend C

Humanities & Social Sciences, 4951 College Drive Erie PA 16563

Lecturer in English 
12533

http:// behrend .psu .edu

Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, invites applications for a non-tenure-
track lecturer in English 
to teach composition courses for the 2010–11 
academic year. Renewal of this one-year appointment may be possible depending 
upon programmatic needs and budgetary considerations, as well 
as performance. The teaching load is four composition courses per semester. 
Ph.D. preferred; Master’s degree required.

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Chair, Lecturer in English 
Search Committee, School of Humanities 
and Social Sciences, Box M, Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, 4951 
College Drive, Erie, PA 16563-1501

Applications may be submitted electronically at: HSSjobs@ psu .edu

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. For more information about the college, please visit our 
Web site at www .behrend .psu .edu

Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the 
diversity of its workforce. [R]

U of Pittsburgh

School of Arts & Sciences, 910 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 
15260

Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities and Social Sciences 12641

http:// www.as.pitt .edu/ postdoc

The University of Pittsburgh School of Arts and Sciences is now offering 
up to eight postdoctoral fellowships in the humanities and social sciences 
to begin in January 2011.

The fellowships are for one year and are renewable for an additional year. 
Fellows will teach two courses per year, complete scholarly work, and 
participate in the academic and intellectual community of the School of 
Arts and Sciences and the Department with which they are affiliated. The 
annual stipend will be $45,000.

We invite applications from qualified candidates in the humanities and 
social sciences who have received the PhD between December 1, 2007 
and November 1, 2010. Applicants who do not have the PhD in hand at 
the time of application must provide a letter from the Department Chair 
or the Advisor stating that the PhD will be conferred before the term of 
the fellowship begins.



Applications are due JUNE 1, 2010. For more information visit www.
as.pitt .edu/ postdoc or e-mail postdoc@ as .pitt .edu.

The University of Pittsburgh is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
institution.

South Carolina

C of Charleston

English, 
66 George St Charleston SC 29424

Visiting Assistant Professor of Anglophone literature 12637

http:// spinner .cofc .edu/ ~english


The College of Charleston seeks a postdoctoral Visiting Assistant Professor 
of Anglophone literature with a preferred subspecialty in Film Studies. 
This non-tenure track one-year position is renewable up to two additional 
years pending funding and institutional approval. The VAP will teach two 
sections of English 
110 (Introduction to Academic Writing) and one section 
of an upper-level course in specialty or subspecialty per semester. Send 
cover letter, c.v., one-page statement of teaching philosophy, and dossier 
(with current transcripts and three letters of recommendation) by May 17, 
2010, to Dr. Trish Ward, Department of English, 
College of Charleston, 
26 Glebe St., Charleston, SC 29424. Application will be acknowledged. 
Founded in 1770 and located in the heart of historic Charleston, the College 
of Charleston is a public liberal arts institution with a strong commitment 
to the teacher-scholar model for faculty .The College of Charleston 
is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
and encourages applications 
from all underrepresented groups.

Tennessee

Belmont U

English, 
1900 Belmont Blvd WHB 200 Nashville TN 37212

Assistant Professor of English 
12640

http:// jobs .belmont .edu

The College of Arts and Sciences at Belmont University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in Early Modern Literature with a 
specialty in Shakespeare, beginning August 2010. Completed Ph.D. in English 
required. The successful applicant will have a record of demonstrated 
excellence in teaching; the ability to teach advanced undergraduate and 
graduate Shakespeare courses; the general expertise required to teach undergraduate 
and graduate survey courses in British Literature; and interest 
in and experience teaching Composition. The normal teaching load for 
this position is 12 hours per semester, and approximately half of this load 
will involve teaching Composition. As all Belmont undergraduates complete 
an innovative general education program with significant interdisciplinary 
components, Belmont University is particularly seeking applicants 
who demonstrate the interest and ability to work collaboratively in course 
design and to teach interdisciplinary and topical courses in this program.

For additional information about the position and to complete the online 
application, candidates are directed to https:// jobs .belmont .edu. While 
completing the application, applicants will be asked to respond to Belmont’s 
mission, vision, and values statements, articulating how the candidate’s 
knowledge, experience, and beliefs have prepared him/ her to 
function in support of these statements and to give a brief statement of 
teaching philosophy. An electronic version of a Cover Letter, Curriculum 
Vitae, and a List of References with contact information must be attached 
in order to complete the online application. Review of applications will 
begin April 19 and continue until the position is filled.

A comprehensive, coeducational university located in Nashville TN, Belmont 
is a student-centered, teaching university focusing on academic excellence. 
The university is dedicated to providing students from diverse 
backgrounds an academically challenging education in a Christian community 
of learning and service. Belmont is an EOE/AA employer 
under 
all applicable civil rights laws. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R]

Chattanooga S Comm C

Lang Arts, 4501 Amnicola Hwy Chattanooga TN 37406

Instructor/ First-Year Writing Coordinator (Re-advertised) 12676

http:// jobs .tbr .edu

Position Summary:-Coordinator will oversee the curriculum and instruction 
of all college-level writing courses while teaching a reduced load on 
a nine-month tenure-track contract. Additional duties include working 
with the department head on staffing issues. The preferred candidate will 
evidence an understanding of current composition theory and a history of 
successful classroom instruction.

Typical Duties and Responsibilities:-Instruction: Teach assigned courses; 
facilitate the classroom instructional process; evaluate students, monitor 
progress, assign final grades; provide out-of class academic assistance 
to students; maintain attendance and grade records; counsel and advise 
students 
regarding academic preparation and career goals; work to retain 
students; mentor and orient faculty and staff; maintain required classroom 
and office hours

• Course and Curriculum Development: Select texts, supplemental documents, 
equipment, supplies, and other learning resources; develop supplemental 
instructional materials; use current technology in preparation, 
creation and delivery of instruction; create and revise courses and/or curricula 
as needed; maintain updated course syllabi

• Professional Growth: Remain current within field of assigned instruction, 
related occupational areas and technologies; acquire, maintain, and 
apply knowledge of current instructional methodologies and materials; attend 
scheduled college, divisional, professional development and in-service 
activities; support related professional organizations by attending meetings 
and serving as officers; participate in annual faculty evaluation process

• Service to Students: Respect rights of students and access to educational 
opportunities; participate in registration process by advising, assisting students 
in preparing schedules and entering schedules into Student Information 
System; assist in recruitment, selection, orientation and evaluation of 
potential students; assist in formal and informal placement activities for employment 
and/or transfer to four-year institutions; support student activities

• Service to the College and Community: Assist in recruitment and selection 
of college personnel as assigned; participate in accreditation, assessment 
and performance funding processes; support and participate in 
college/ division/ department committees, organizations and/or task forces 
to make recommendations in the College’s decision-making processes; 
provide input and/or assistance in preparation of semester schedules, faculty 
assignments, facility assignments and budgets; attend convocation 
and commencement exercises and participate in college programs; develop 
and maintain positive and cooperative relationships with colleagues; 
strengthen relationships between the college and the community through 
program advisory committees and/or community outreach activities

• Perform other duties as assigned.

Required Qualifications:-An M.A. in English 
plus 18 graduate semester 
hours in subject is required.

Preferred Qualifications:-Prefer: candidates who hold a Ph.D. in Composition 
or Rhetoric and have community college teaching and/or Writing 
Program administrative experience.

Physical Requirements/ Working Conditions:-Full-time faculty positions 
are either 9-month or 12-month employment contracts

• The normal workweek requires a five-day workweek and includes a 
minimum of 37.5 hours per week with 30 hours per week at an approved 
campus work site for instruction and office hours for student assistance 
and college service

• Other conditions of employment are described in the Chattanooga State 
Employee Handbook.

Posting Date: 04–19–2010

Closing Date: 05–19–2010



Required Applicant Documents: Cover Letter,Curriculum 
Vitae,Unofficial Transcript

East Tennessee SU

English, 
Box 70, 683 Johnson City TN 37614

Post-Doctoral Fellowships, English 
12591

http:// www .etsu .edu

East Tennessee State University, located in the Appalachian Mountain region, 
invites applications for several post-doctoral fellowships in English. 
Fellows are one to two-year appointments with salary and benefits and a 
4/3 teaching load for the academic year. Teaching includes freshman composition 
and literature courses. Composition classes are a part of the department’s 
ongoing mission to enhance critical courses in the university’s 
general education core. Ph.D.s may be in literature, rhetoric and composition, 
technical communication, film studies, and other related areas. Submit 
a letter of application, teaching statement, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to position listing on eJobs at ETSU (https:// jobs .etsu .edu/) by 
April 30, 2010. AA/EOE. Position contingent on funding. [R]

Rhodes C

English, 
2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112

Assistant Professor of English 
12603

http:// www .rhodes .edu/

The English 
Department at Rhodes College seeks a specialist in Shakespeare 
for a one-year appointment, beginning August 2010. Salary and 
benefits are competitive and the teaching load is 3/3. Review of applications 
will begin April 5 and continue until the position is filled. Please 
send letter of application, c.v., a writing sample, and 3 letters of recommendation 
to Jennifer Brady, Chair, Department of English, 
Rhodes College, 
2000 N. Parkway, Memphis, TN., 38112. Founded in 1848, Rhodes 
College is a highly selective, private, residential, undergraduate college 
located in Memphis, Tennessee. We are an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity in the workforce. Please see our diversity statement 
at http:// www .rhodes .edu/ collegehandbook/10309.asp. [R]

Vanderbilt U

English, 
VU Station B, Box 351654 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville 
TN 37235

Mellon Assistant Professor of English 
12623

http:// www .vanderbilt .edu/ english


The Department of English 
at Vanderbilt University seeks a scholar of early 
modern literature for a three-year, non-tenure-track appointment as Mellon 
Assistant Professor in English. 
Candidates must have PhD in hand before 
the start of the appointment in the fall semester, 2010. Please send a letter of 
application, CV, writing sample, and dossier to Jay Clayton, Chair, Department 
of English, 
2301 Vanderbilt Place, Station B Box 351654, Nashville, 
TN 37235-1654. The search committee will begin screening candidates 
on April 15, 2010, but applications will be considered until the position is 
filled. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. 
Vanderbilt is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer.


Volunteer S Comm C

Humanities Div, 1480 Nashville Pike Gallatin TN 37066

Director Language Center/ Instructor of English 
12576

http:// jobs .volstate .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50918

This position 9 month, tenure track position with duties to operate the 
Language Center and teach English 
courses. 

Minimum Job Requirements: Master’s degree with 18 hours in English; 
two years community college experience preferred; two years tutoring/ 
Language Center/ Writing Center administration preferred. 

Essential Job Functions: 

Oversee the operations of the Language Center.

Manage the Language Center’s staff of tutors

Formulate short term and long term plans for the Language Center.

Assess services provided by the Language Center with a focused effort on 
quality student services.

Maintain the budget for the Language Center.

Plan, teach, and evaluate student work in assigned English 
courses. 

Posting Number: 0600272 

Position Type: Faculty 

Department: Humanities Division 

Posting Date: 03–10–2010 

Application Deadline: 03–31–2010

Employment Type: Regular, Full Time, Faculty, Tenure Track, Academic 
Year (9 Mos.) 

Required Applicant Documents: Cover Letter, Letter of Reference 1, Letter 
of Reference 2, Letter of Reference 3, Other Document, Transcript, 
Resume/ Curriculum Vitae 

Initial Review of Applications: 04–01–2010

For complete job announcement or information on how to apply, please 
visit: http:// jobs .volstate .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50918

Volunteer State Community College is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative 
Action Institution

Texas

Texas A&M U

English, 
4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843

Director of Digital Humanities Institute 12758

http:// www-english 
.tamu .edu

Texas A&M University seeks a dynamic scholar with an established record 
in digital humanities research and academic leadership to establish 
and direct an interdisciplinary Institute for Digital Humanities, Media, 
and Culture. The Director will be a tenured appointment at the rank of 
full professor in the Department of English, 
Department of Performance 
Studies, or another academic department within the College of Liberal 
Arts. The Institute for Digital Humanities, Media, and Culture supports 
interdisciplinary scholarly and creative work that broadly explores the relationship 
between computing technologies and culture. The Director’s 
responsibilities include initiating and developing internal research program 
and facilities (including a new digital humanities laboratory), actively engaging 
external partners (including other research programs, educational 
institutions, and leaders in the technology industries, and securing supplemental 
funding from such external agencies as NEH, Mellon, ACLS, and 
NEA. The successful applicant will have an outstanding scholarly record 
in digital humanities, including substantial experience in interdisciplinary, 
collaborative research and in obtaining and administering grant funding.

The Institute for Digital Humanities, Media, and Culture has been designated 
one of six Texas A&M Landmark Research Areas (and thus is the 
recipient of substantial start-up funding). The proposal which led to the 
funding of the Institute can be read at http:// www-english 
.tamu .edu/ 
pers/ fac/ may/ DHwhitepaper .pdf.

Texas A&M University already supports a variety of high-profile and 
emerging projects involving digital humanities and offers a Digital Humanities 
Certificate (http://dh.tamu .edu/ certificate). The Director will 
develop these existing strengths into a top-echelon, interdisciplinary Digital 
Humanities Institute and program.

Minorities and women are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas A&M is 
an AA/EEO employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds to 
the needs of dual-career couples.



The review of applications (including a curriculum vitae and at least six 
letters of reference) will begin on 6 August 2010. The committee plans 
to invite finalists for campus visits early in the Fall semester. We hope to 
have the new Director in place by 1 January 2011.

Applications, letters of reference, and inquiries should be addressed to: 
Prof. James L. Harner, Department of English, 
4227 TAMU, College 
Station, TX 77843-4227, j-harner@ tamu .edu

Virginia

James Madison U

English, 
800 S Main St, MS1801 Harrisonburg VA 22807

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
12711

http:// www .jmu .edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
w/specialization in African-American 
literature. Two-year appointment, beginning Fall 2010. Primary responsibilities 
include teaching courses in African-American literature and introductory 
Gen Ed courses, no freshman composition. Ph.D. preferred, but 
will consider strong ABD candidates.To apply for this position, candidates 
must first register at: http:// www .jmu .edu/ humanresources/ joblink .shtml.

Application review begins on 6/2/10. Send application letter, vita, dossier, 
and writing sample to Professor Mark Parker, Head, English 
Dept, 
James Madison University, MSC 1801, Harrisonburg, VA 22807. AA/
EOE [R]

Virginia Commonwealth U

English, 
900 Park Av, Ste 306 PO Box 842005 Richmond VA 23284

Instructor 12784

http:// www .vcu .edu

Pending funding, the English 
Department in the College of Humanities 
and Sciences at VCU seeks to hire a non-tenure track faculty member on 
a renewable appointment (pending performance and funding), beginning 
16 August 2010. MA or MFA required, Ph.D. desirable. 4/4 load teaching 
primarily literature and/or film as part of VCU’s general education 
program and more specialized courses, as needed. Minimum 2 yrs. teaching 
experience; experience teaching or assisting with large lecture classes 
is a plus. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and excellent written and 
oral communication skills essential. Publications desirable. For details, see 
www .has .vcu .edu/ eng.

Send letter of application, current cv, three letters of recommendation to 
David Latané, Associate Chair, English 
Department, Virginia Commonwealth 
University, Box 842005, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. Electronic copies 
of materials should also be emailed to David Latané (dlatane@ vcu .edu). 
For full consideration, all materials must be postmarked by June 25, 2010.

VCU is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Women, minorities 
and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]

Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU

English, 
323 Shanks Hall 0112 Blacksburg VA 24061

Director, ASPECT 12785

http:// www .apply-for-job .net/c/jobclick .cfm?site=3392&job=6867382

Senior Tenured Position

ASPECT, the Alliance for Social, Political, Ethical, and Cultural 
Thought, a collaborative interdisciplinary Ph.D. program of the Departments 
of History, Philosophy, Political Science, Religion & Culture, and 
the School of Public and International Affairs at Virginia Tech, invites applications 
for the position of Director, a tenured appointment, field open.

ASPECT is an innovative problem-based, theoretically-engaged doctoral 
program (http:// www .aspect.vt.edu/). Candidates should have a record 
that merits a tenured appointment in one of the four core ASPECT departments 
in the College of Liberal Arts and Human Sciences, namely, 
History, Philosophy, Political Science or Religion & Culture. This position 
will begin no later than August 10, 2011 at the rank of Professor. A 
January 10, 2011 start date would also be possible.

Interested persons must apply at http:// jobs.vt.edu, posting number 
0100222, where they will submit a cover letter, current curriculum 
vitae, recent writing samples, teaching evaluations, and a brief statement 
on administrative experience and philosophy along with the contact information 
of five references.

Virginia Tech is an EO/AA Employer 
committed to diversity.

http:// www .apply-for-job .net/c/jobclick .cfm?site=3392&job=6867382

Apply Here

West Virginia

Marshall U

English, 
1 John Marshall Dr Huntington WV 25755

Term-Limit Instructor or Assistant Professor 12633

http:// www .marshall .edu/ english


Applications invited for multiple term appointments in English. 
MA, 
MFA, or PhD required at time of appointment. Strong evidence of excellence 
in teaching and commitment to teaching MU students. Primary 
teaching responsibilities will be in the introductory composition sequence. 
Final approval of these appointments is contingent upon enrollment sufficient 
to warrant assignment of the position. Send letter of application that 
directly addresses teaching philosophy, CV, and 2–3 representative syllabi 
to Jane Hill, Professor and Chair. Review of applications will begin on 
April 19, 2010, and continue until positions are filled. Finalists will be 
asked to provide three letters of recommendation and original transcripts 
prior to telephone interviews. Marshall University is an AA/EOE institution 
committed to developing a diverse faculty and staff. For more information, 
email Jane Hill at hillj@ marshall .edu. [R]

Wisconsin

U of Wisconsin Cs

English, 
750 W Bayshore St Marinette WI 54143

English 
Lecturer for Composition and Creative Writing 12667

http:// holly .hassel@ uwc .edu

WAUSAU, WISCONSIN

Full-Time

The University of Wisconsin-Marathon County and the University of 
Wisconsin Colleges English 
Department invite applications for a position 
as full-time lecturer. The UW-Marathon County campus is one of 13 
campuses that comprise the UW Colleges, a freshman-sophomore transfer 
institution within the UW System. UW Colleges offers an excellent 
liberal arts and pre-professional education for students beginning work 
toward a bachelor’s degree.

The Campus: UW-Marathon County is located in the vibrant city of Wausau 
in Central Wisconsin, a city with a lively arts community and abundant 
recreational opportunities. Its fine schools and healthy mix of industry, 
agriculture and business have created an outstanding community. Visit: 
http:// www .wausauchamber .com. The campus has a total student enrollment 
of 1301 with an FTE of 988. With an emphasis on small classes and 
individualized student attention, UWMC offers outstanding liberal arts 
education at the freshman-sophomore level. The campus is located in central 
Wausau and adjoins a 78-acre forested park near downtown Wausau.

APPOINTMENT: Full-time lecturer position for the 2010–2011 academic 
year. Contract year is August 25, 2010 to May 24, 2011. This position 
is filling a vacant tenure-track position. We expect to fill this position 



with a tenure-track faculty hire within the next two years and the person 
hired at this time may be considered if criteria are met

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D., MFA, or other terminal degree in English 
required, with a concentration in Creative Writing. A record of successful 
teaching in first-year composition is preferred.

RESPONSIBILITIES: Normal teaching load is 12 credit hours per semester. 
Scheduled course load includes first-year composition, creative 
writing, intermediate composition, and the literary magazine course.

SALARY: Based on education and teaching experience. Summer and 
Winter sessions may offer additional teaching opportunities for compensation. 
An outstanding benefits package is included with the appointment.

APPLICATION

Applications are due by Sunday, May 16, 2010 for assured reconsideration. 
Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.

Electronic submission requested. Submit the following materials in PDF 
or Microsoft Word to holly .hassel@ uwc .edu:

• Letter of application

• Curriculum vita

• One-page statement of teaching philosophy

• Contact information including email addresses for three current references

• Unofficial graduate transcripts

Materials that cannot be sent electronically may be mailed to: Charlene 
Schmidt, UW-Marathon County, 518 S. 7th Avenue, Wausau, WI 54401

Please call 715-261-6221 if there are questions about submitting application.

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. 
The University of Wisconsin is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action 
employer. 
UW-Marathon County is an AA/EO employer 
and encourages 
women, members of minority groups, and veterans, to apply. Applications 
must be accompanied by a statement of whether the applicant 
wishes to have the application held in confidence or made available to the 
public upon request. If requested, confidentiality of an applicant can be 
maintained until an applicant is deemed a finalist in the search. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Madison

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship Program, L & S Associate Deans 
Office 301 South Hall-1055 Bascom Mall Madison WI 53706

Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities and Humanistic Social 
Sciences 12604

http:// irh .wisc .edu/ fellowships .php?menu=11

Call for Applications

Deadline April 9, 2010

The University of Wisconsin-Madison is pleased to announce a new postdoctoral 
fellowship program in the humanities and humanistic social sciences. 
Funded by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, it will provide 3 
two-year postdoctoral fellowships for recent Ph.D. recipients starting on 
August 23, 2010. Fellows will be affiliated with a department in the College 
of Letters and Science, as well as the Institute for Research in the 
Humanities and the Center for the Humanities. They will also teach one 
undergraduate course per semester in one of the humanities or humanistic 
social science departments in the College of Letters & Science.

The UW-Madison Mellon Postdoctoral Program builds upon interdisciplinary 
initiatives well established on campus to explore the question 
“What is human?,” to examine transnational circulations of culture and 
power throughout history on a global landscape, and to forge new ways 
of thinking about the digital revolution. Each year of the Mellon Postdoctoral 
Program will focus on a theme related to these initiatives; applicants 
should explain how their project relates to this theme.

The theme for the 2010 applicants is World Citizenship, broadly conceived. 
We welcome projects on the cultural aesthetic, philosophical, visual, 
linguistic, geohistorical, environmental, political, and/or religious 
dimensions of world citizenship that reflect the ways that human beings 
have shaped, been affected by, and made sense of the conjunctures, contact 
zones, linkages, and dislocations at different points in history across 
the planet. We welcome work in the humanities and the humanistic social 
sciences on any historical periods or regions of the world, as well as work 
that challenges disciplinary boundaries and builds bridges with the sciences, 
social sciences, and the arts. We especially welcome work that deals 
with transcontinental and transnational contacts shaped by world systems, 
human and cultural mobilities, colonialism, enslavements, decolonization, 
and multiple forms of agency. Applicants should explain how their project 
relates to this theme.

The stipend for Mellon postdoctoral fellows is $52,000 per academic year, 
with a $2,000 per year research allowance, $3,000 per year travel allowance, 
and a $2,500 computer allowance for the first year. Fellows are eligible 
for health insurance (htti:// www .uwsa .edu/hr/benefits/ gradben .pdf.)

Application Information:

•Applicants must be scholars who are not yet tenured and who are no 
more than 5 years past receiving their PhD.

•Fellows must hold a PhD in a humanities discipline or in the humanistic 
social sciences. Applicants who do not yet hold a PhD but expect to have 
it by September, 2010 will be asked to provide a letter from their home 
institution corroborating the degree award schedule.

•Information on submitting application dossiers can be found online at: 
http:// irh .wisc .edu/ fellowships .php?menu=11

•Please submit questions to Associate Dean Magdalena Hauner, lshauner@ 
ls .admin .wisc .edu or 608-263-7221.

Canadian Institutions

Saint Francis Xavier U

English, 
PO Box 5000 Antigonish NS B2G 2W5 Canada

Contractually Limited Term, English 
Literature 12790

The Department of English 
at St. Francis Xavier University invites applications 
for one nine-month limited-term position. The successful candidate 
will be expected to teach two sections of an introductory survey 
course as well as a course in twentieth-century 
literature in English. 
The 
applicant chosen will demonstrate strong teaching skills; Ph.D. by the 
time of appointment preferred.

A letter of application along with curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing 
sample (25 pages maximum), teaching dossier, and letters from three academic 
referees should be sent to Dr. Richard Nemesvari, Chair, Department 
of English, 
St. Francis Xavier University, Antigonish, Nova Scotia, 
B2G 2W5. Phone (902) 867-2159; e-mail rnemesva@ stfx.ca. Electronic 
applications are encouraged.

Consideration of applications will begin on July 1, 2010 and continue 
until the position is filled.

Salary will be congruent with qualifications. All qualified candidates are 
encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents 
will be given priority. St. Francis Xavier University is committed to employment 
equity and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The position 
is subject to budgetary approval. [R]

U of Victoria

English, 
PO Box 3070 Victoria BC V8W 3W1 Canada

Assistant Professor, Digital Humanities and Literary Studies 12828

http:// english 
.uvic .ca

The Department of English, 
University of Victoria, invites applications 
for an entry-level tenure track position in the areas of Digital Humanities 
and Literary Studies. Expertise in textual studies and/or the ability 
to contribute to the Internet Shakespeare Editions (http:/ Internetshakespeare 
.uvic.ca) may be an advantage. The appointment, effective 1 July 
2011, will be at the rank of Assistant Professor. Candidates should hold or 
be close to completing a PhD.; candidates should also be prepared to provide 
evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence or potential.



Letters of application, cvs, including all university transcripts, writing 
sample, and letters from three referees should be sent by 31 October 2010 
to Professor Lisa Surridge, Chair, Department of English, 
University of 
Victoria, P.O. Box 3070 STN CSC, Victoria, B.C. V8W 3W1, Canada.

The University of Victoria is an equity employer 
and encourages applications 
from women, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, Aboriginal 
Peoples, people of all sexual orientations and genders, and others who 
may contribute to the further diversification of the University. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance with Canadian 
Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents 
will be given priority. [R]

Overseas Institutions

American U of Kuwait

Academic Affairs, PO Box 3323 Safat 00965 KW

English 
12819

Faculty Openings AY2011–2012

The American University of Kuwait (AUK) is a private university in Kuwait 
organized on the U.S. model of undergraduate liberal arts education. 
The medium of instruction is English. 
The University is accredited by the 
Council for Private Universities of the Kuwait Ministry of Higher Education. 
AUK also has a Memorandum of Understanding with Dartmouth 
College in Hanover, NH and is working towards U.S. accreditation. 
AUK admitted its first students in September 2004 and currently has over 
2,000 students and approximately120 UG faculty members. The Division 
of Humanities & Arts is seeking qualified faculty committed to excellence 
in teaching, scholarly research, and service for a position in

English 
(Position Code No. 10–204-MLA06)-Three vacancies: Open rank; 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, English, 
Literature, or Linguistics 
required. Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate writing courses 
such as Freshman Composition, Research Writing, and Business Writing to 
a diverse student body. There will be opportunities to teach upper-division 
literature, rhetoric, and linguistic courses to undergraduate English 
majors. 
Successful candidates will have a minimum of three years experience teaching 
college-level writing, an excellent teaching record, a strong background 
in writing pedagogy, and a commitment to lower-division teaching.

One of the positions will also be the Writing Program Coordinator. Strong 
leadership skills required and administrative experience preferred. In addition 
to teaching, other duties include: scheduling, program assessment, 
curriculum development, coordination with Intensive English 
Program.

Application packages are to be submitted electronically to faculty@ auk 
.edu.kw.

Visit the AUK website (www .auk .edu.kw) to learn about the degree programs, 
university facilities, campus life, benefits and detailed application 
instructions. In completing your application, please quote position code 
number. Incomplete applications will not be considered. The deadline for 
receiving applications is September 14, 2010. The screening of applications 
will begin immediately. U.S. interviews will be held in Washington, 
DC. in November 2010.

Chinese U of Hong Kong

Personnel Office, The Chinese University of Hong Kong Shatin, New 
Territories HK HK

Professor /Associate Professor (Applied English 
Linguistics), Department of 
English 
12606

http:// www .cuhk .edu.hk/personnel

(Ref. 0910/110(496)/2) (Closing date: May 28, 2010)

Applicants should have (i) a relevant PhD degree; (ii) an excellent teaching 
record at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels, including supervision 
of postgraduate students; and (iii) a willingness to contribute 
to the collective responsibilities of the Department. An excellent record 
of ongoing research and publication in psycholinguistics or preferably, in 
second language acquisition will be a distinct advantage. Applicants with 
research specialisms in other areas may also be considered.

Appointment will normally be made on contract basis for up to three years 
initially commencing August 2010, which, subject to mutual agreement, may 
lead to longer-term appointment or substantiation later. [Note: Those who 
have responded to the previous advertisement for this post (under the same 
Ref. no.) are under consideration and need not re-apply on this occasion.]

Salary and Fringe Benefits-Salary will be highly competitive, commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. The University offers a comprehensive 
fringe benefit package, including medical care, plus a contract-end 
gratuity for an appointment of two years or longer, and housing benefits 
for eligible appointee.

Further information about the University and the general terms of service 
for appointments is available at http:// www .cuhk .edu.hk/personnel. The 
terms mentioned herein are for reference only and are subject to revision 
by the University.

Application Procedure-Please send full resume, copies of academic credentials, 
a publication list and/or abstracts of selected published papers together 
with names, addresses and fax numbers/e-mail addresses of three 
referees to whom the applicants’ consent has been given for their providing 
references (unless otherwise specified), to the Personnel Office, The 
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong (Fax: (852) 
2696 1462) by the closing date.

The Personal Information Collection Statement will be provided upon 
request. Please quote the reference number and mark ‘Application-Confidential’ 
on cover.

Macao Polytechnic Inst

School of Languages and Translation, Rua Luis Gonzaga Gomes 
Macao

Lecturer or Associate Professor 12685

http:// www .ipm .edu.mo

Chinese-English 
Translation Program

Academic Positions

The Macao Polytechnic Institute is a government-funded institution located 
in the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of 
China. The Macao Polytechnic Institute-School of Languages and Translation 
invites applications for full-time positions available September 2010 in 
the areas of English, 
Cross-cultural Studies or Translation Studies.

Lecturer or Associate Professor of English


The candidate should demonstrate excellence in teaching and researching 
in the following area(s): Linguistics, comparative literature, creative writing, 
and communication.

Lecturer or Associate Professor of Cross-cultural Studies

The candidate should demonstrate excellence in teaching and researching in 
the following area(s): cross-cultural communication, and comparative cultural 
studies between Chinese speaking regions and English 
speaking countries.

Lecturer or Associate Professor of Translation Studies

The candidate should demonstrate excellence in teaching and researching 
in the following area(s): literary translation, comparative literature, and 
translation studies.

Teaching duties will include undergraduate instructions and graduation 
project supervision to students in the Chinese-English 
Translation Program.

Qualifications

Candidates must possess at least a Master’s degree for the rank of Lecturer. 
College teaching experience is desirable. Candidates for the rank of Associate 
Professor or Professor must possess a Doctoral degree in a related 
area of teaching, with at least 4 years teaching experience at tertiary level 
and a proven record in research and publication.

Compensation and Benefits

The rank and remuneration will be commensurate with the candidate’s 
academic qualifications, current position and professional experience. 



Fringe benefits for full-time faculty members include medical benefits, 
22-day paid annual leave, plus housing and other allowances. Full time 
faculty members are employed under a standard contract of employment. 
The current local income tax rate ranges from 7% to 12%.

Associate Professor: MOP446,040-MOP545,160 per year (USD 1 approx. 
= MOP 8) (Calculated on a 14-month basis as per one normal year.)

Lecturer: MOP355,180-MOP396,480 per year (USD 1 approx. = MOP 
8) (Calculated on a 14-month basis as per one normal year.)

For further details about the “Terms of Academic Appointment”, please 
refer to http:// www .ipm .edu.mo/pes/ terms_ academic_ iframe .html .

Application Procedure

Please send applications indicating school and subject area applied for, together 
with a detailed curriculum vitae, copies of academic certificates, dissertation 
outline (if applicable), transcripts and testimonials of teaching or 
working experience, copies of two typical academic publications (if applicable, 
please submit a copy of the full text, including cover and table of contents), 
as well as a cover letter and list of application materials enclosed to: 

Mailing address:, Personnel Office, Macao Polytechnic Institute, Rua Luis 
Gonzaga Gomes, Macao, We welcome applications via E-Mail (recruit_ 
staff@ ipm .edu.mo).

The closing date for applications is 14th May 2010. For further information, 
please refer to http:// www .ipm .edu.mo/vacancy/.

Applications with relevant qualifications but which are not supported by 
testimonials will not be considered. Please note that applicants who do not 
receive a reply from the MPI Personnel Office by 31st August 2010 may 
consider their applications to have been unsuccessful on this occasion.

For enquiries Tel: +-853-85996109 /85996168 /85996429

Macao Polytechnic Institute is an Equal Opportunities Employer.


National Sun Yat-Sen U

Foreign Languages & Literature, 70 Lien-hai Road Kaohsiung 804 Taiwan

Two Full-time Asst Prof/ Assoc Prof/ Prof positions wanted 12779

http:// www .zephyr .nsysu .edu.tw/flal/

The Department of Foreign Languages & Literature at National Sun Yat-
sen University in Kaohsiung, Taiwan (R.O.C.), invites applications for 
two full-time faculty positions. The appointment is to be effective as of 
February 1, 2011.

Qualification:

(1) Ph.D. in English, 
Comparative Literature or a related field. Specialization 
in Literary Theory, American Poetry, or 20th Century English 
Poetry will be a plus. OR

(2) Ph.D. in Linguistics, Applied Linguistics, Translation or a related field.

Qualified candidates will be expected to teach one English 
course for 
non-English 
majors and one of the Department’s language training 
courses apart from one content course.

Application Documents:

a) cover letter

b) Curriculum vitae, including a publication list

c) Certificate/ evidence of current academic position

d) A photocopy of Ph.D. diploma

e) Three letters of recommendation

f) Offprints/ samples of at least two recent publications (within five years)

g) A description of courses you have taught or propose to teach: preferably 
one for English 
Oral Training, another for an undergraduate course, and 
the other for a graduate one.

(Application materials will not be returned after evaluation.)

Applicants also need to fill out an application form which can be downloaded 
from our website and to send it with the application documents.

Benefits include a retirement plan, reimbursement of up to NT$ 25,000 
for relocation expenses, and medical insurance for appointee and family. 
The appointee will initially be offered a one-year contract. Reappointment 
thereafter is subject to the approval of the Department’s Search Committee.

Deadline: All application materials must be postmarked no later than August 
15th, 2010

National Taiwan U

Drama and Theatre, 1 Roosevelt Rd., Sec. 4 Taipei 106 Taiwan

Western Drama & Directing 12605

http:// homepage .ntu .edu.tw/~theatre/ e-index .html

Western Drama: 1. Field of Specialization: (1) Renaissance drama (2) History 
of Western drama prior to 1800. 2. Position: At the level of assistant 
professor or above. 3. Requirements: (1) Ph. D. (degree conferred by February 
2010) (2) English 
or Mandarin speaking ability required. If English, 
some proficiency of Mandarin is preferred. (3)Teaching experience preferred. 
Directing: 1. Position: At the level of instructor or above. 2. Requirements: 
(1) Ph. D. (degree conferred by February) or instructor with 
MA or MFA degree. (2)Mandarin speaking ability required. (3)At least 
3-year teaching and directing experience preferred. Deadline: June 15, 
2010. For additional information and application instructions please visit 
our website: http:// homepage .ntu .edu.tw/~theatre/ e-index .html

U of Hong Kong

School of Humanities, Registry, The University of Hong Kong, Hong 
Kong NA HK

Associate Professor/ Assistant Professor 12610

Associate Professor/ Assistant Professor in the School of Humanities 
(Comparative Literature) (Ref.: 20100138)

Applications are invited for appointment as Associate Professor/ Assistant Professor 
in the School of Humanities (Comparative Literature), from August 2010 
or as soon as possible thereafter, on a three-year fixed-term basis, with the possibility 
of renewal. Appointees with demonstrated performance will be considered 
for tenure towards the end of the second three-year contract.

The Department of Comparative Literature enjoys a reputation as a leader 
in literary, theoretical, and cultural studies using cross-cultural materials 
and interdisciplinary approaches. Main areas of research and teaching in 
the department include visual cultures and film studies, literature, critical 
theory, feminism and gender studies, postcolonial, Hong Kong, and 
China studies, and new media and global studies. The Department offers 
B.A., M.A., M.Phil. and Ph.D. degree programmes, and it has excellent 
teaching and research facilities and support. Information about the Department 
can be obtained at http:// www .hku.hk/complit/.

Applicants should possess a Ph.D. degree in Comparative Literature or a 
related field. The Department of Comparative Literature seeks applicants 
who are strongly committed to teaching and research in literary and cultural 
studies in Hong Kong context as well as contributing to other areas. 
They should also be well-versed in literary, critical and cultural theory. 
Applicants should have a good publication record and preferably have experience 
in teaching courses in Hong Kong culture in a theoretical, comparative, 
and/or global frame.

Annual salaries will be in the following ranges (subject to review from 
time to time at the entire discretion of the University): Associate Professor: 
HK$626,400–968,700; Assistant Professor : HK$477,360–737,700 
(approximately US$1 = HK$7.8)

The level of appointment and salary will be commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. The appointment will attract a contract-end gratuity 
and University contribution to a retirement benefits scheme, totalling 
up to 15% of basic salary, as well as leave, and medical/ dental benefits. 
Housing benefits will be provided as applicable. At current rates, salaries 
tax does not exceed 15% of gross income.

Further particulars and application forms (152/708) can be obtained at 
http:// www .hku.hk/apptunit/; or from the Appointments Unit (Senior), 
Human Resource Section, Registry, The University of Hong Kong, 
Hong Kong (fax: (852) 2540 6735 or 2559 2058; e-mail: senrappt@ hku.



hk). Applicants should arrange to have three confidential references (quoting 
Ref.: 20100138) sent directly by the referees to the Assistant Registrar 
(Appointments), Human Resource Section, Registry, The University of 
Hong Kong, Pokfulam Road, Hong Kong. Closes April 30, 2010. Candidates 
who are not contacted within 4 months of the closing date may 
consider their applications unsuccessful.

The University is an equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to a 
No-Smoking Policy

U of Western Sydney

College of Arts, Locked Bag 1797 Penrith South DC Locked Bag 1797 
Penrith, NSW 1797 Australia

Lecturer in Linguistics 12660

http:// www .uws .edu.au/vacancies

Ref 399/10

• College of Arts

• School of Humanities and Languages

• Bankstown Campus, Sydney AUSTRALIA

The School of Humanities and Languages brings together scholars with interdisciplinary 
research interests in linguistics and psychology, particularly 
in areas such as psycholinguistics and cognitive development. Their research 
intersects with focus areas of the MARCS Auditory Laboratories and the 
Interpreting and Translation Research Group within the College of Arts.

Applications are invited for the continuing position of Level B Lecturer 
(equivalent to Assistant Professor) from scholars with teaching and research 
strengths in linguistics and psychology.

Preference may be given to scholars with research expertise in linguistic, 
cognitive and cultural factors influencing language learning in infants and 
children, particularly from a cross-cultural perspective.

The successful applicant will have a PhD, an established track record of 
quality publications and tertiary-level teaching experience. The successful 
applicant will be required primarily to conduct research, teach and coordinate 
undergraduate units, and supervise postgraduate students.

Remuneration Package: Academic Level B AU$88,749 to AU$104,726 
(comprising Salary AU$74,994 to AU$88,556 pa, 17% Superannuation 
and Leave Loading)

Position Enquiries: Professor Nancy E. Wright, email: nancy .wright@ 
uws .edu.au

Applicants should send cv and letter of application directly to Professor 
Nancy Wright, email: nancy .wright@ uws .edu.au in addition to submitting 
electronic application via UWS website.

Closing date for applications: 26th April 2010

U of Western Sydney

College of Arts, Locked Bag 1797 Penrith South DC Locked Bag 1797 
Penrith, NSW 1797 Australia

Level B Lecturer in Modern English 
Literature (equivalent to Assistant 
Professor) 12569

http:// pubapps .uws .edu.au/vacancies

The School of Humanities and Languages brings together scholars with 
interdisciplinary research interests in modern literature, from the 19th 
century to the contemporary period. Their research intersects with focus 
areas of the Writing and Society Research Group within the College 
of Arts. Applications are invited for the continuing position of Level B 
Lecturer 
(equivalent to Assistant Professor) from scholars with teaching 
and research strengths in modern English 
literature. The successful applicant 
will have a PhD, an established track record of quality publications 
and tertiary-level teaching experience. The successful applicant will be 
required primarily to conduct research, teach and coordinate undergraduate 
units, and supervise postgraduate students.

Enquiries: Professor Nancy E. Wright, email nancy .wright@ uws .edu.au 
See http:// pubapps .uws .edu.au/vacancies for submission information, position 
description and salary details. Applicants to send cv and letter of application 
directly to nancy .wright@ uws .edu.au in addition to submitting 
electronic application. Closing date for applications: 12 April 2010. [R]

U of Western Sydney

College of Arts, Locked Bag 1797 Penrith South DC Locked Bag 1797 
Penrith, NSW 1797 Australia

Lecturer Level B in Philosophy and Literature (equivalent to Assistant 
Professor) 12570

http:// pubapps .uws .edu.au/vacancies

The School of Humanities and Languages brings together scholars with 
interdisciplinary research interests in modern continental philosophy and 
its relationship to literature. Their research intersects with focus areas of 
the Centre for Cultural Research and the Writing and Society Research 
Group within the College of Arts. Applications are invited for the continuing 
position of Level B Lecturer (equivalent to Assistant Professor) 
from scholars with teaching and research strengths in modern continental 
philosophy and its relationship either to modern literature. Preference 
may be given to scholars with research expertise in aesthetics or ethics. 
The successful applicant will have a PhD, an established track record of 
quality publications and tertiary-level teaching experience. The successful 
applicant will be required primarily to conduct research, teach and coordinate 
undergraduate units, and supervise postgraduate students.

Enquiries: Professor Nancy E. Wright, email nancy .wright@ uws .edu.au 
See http:// pubapps .uws .edu.au/vacancies for submission information, position 
description and salary details. Applicants to send cv and letter of application 
directly to nancy .wright@ uws .edu.au in addition to submitting 
electronic application. Closing date for applications: 12 April 2010.

US-Israel Educational Foundation

Fulbright Post-Doctoral Fellowships, Ben Yehuda 1, Migdalor Bldg, 
Floor 10 P.O. Box 26160 Tel Aviv 61261 Israel

Fulbright Israel Post-Doctoral Fellowships for American Researchers in All 
Academic Disciplines 12550

http:// www .fulbright .org.il

The United States-Israel Educational Foundation (USIEF), the Fulbright 
commission for Israel, offers 10 fellowships to American post-doctoral researchers 
in support of work to be carried out at Israeli universities during 
the course of the 2011/2012–2012/2013 academic years. The US Post-Doctoral 
Fellowship Program is open to candidates in all academic disciplines.

Program grants total $40,000, $20,000 per academic year.

Program fellows must be accepted as post-doctoral researchers by Israeli 
host institutions, which agree to provide them with a standard post-doctoral 
grant, which they will receive in addition to their Fulbright Fellowship. 
Thus, the total financial support received by Program Fellows is 
likely to be in the range of at least $35,000-$40,000 per year.

Applications for 2011/2012–2012/2013 Fulbright Post-Doctoral Fellowships 
must be submitted to the Council for International Exchange of 
Scholars by August 2, 2010.

Further details on the program and on application procedures may be 
found at: http:// www .fulbright .org.il/index .php?id=1317; http:// catalog 
.cies .org/ viewAward .aspx?n=1530; http:// www .cies .org/us_scholars/us_
awards/ Application .htm.

Inquiries should be directed to Ms. Judy Stavsky, Deputy Director, 
USIEF, at jstavsky@ fulbright .org.il or +972–3-517-2392.



Postdoctoral

Johns Hopkins U

Krieger School of Arts & Sciences, 3400 N. Charles St., 237 
Mergenthaler 3400 N. Charles 237 Mergenthaler Hall Baltimore MD 
21218

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow 12830

http:// krieger .jhu .edu/ research/ mellon/ index .html

Call for Applications on Concepts of Diaspora

The Krieger School of Arts and Sciences is currently accepting applications 
for the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 
for three fellows, who will be appointed to a one-year term beginning 
July 1, 2011.

Each fellowship carries a departmental affiliation and the responsibility of 
teaching one course per semester. The initial stipend is $49,680, with an 
additional $1,000 available for research and travel expenses. Health insurance 
and a one-time moving allowance of $1,500 are also provided. Appointments 
are for one year, renewable for a second year.

Applications are being accepted at https:// www .aocapplications .com/ start 
.php?n=jhumellonfellowship

Nonacademic

Harriet Monroe Poetry Institute

Poetry Foundation, 444 North Michigan Ave Suite 1850 Chicago IL 60611

Director of Harriet Monroe Poetry Institute 12777

http:// www .poetryfoundation .org

The Poetry Foundation seeks Director for the Harriet Monroe Poetry Institute. 
Director will be responsible for full range of Institute activities designed 
to benefit the art form of poetry. Ideal candidate will be a natural 
leader and a nationally respected writer and researcher possessing the analytical, 
managerial, and negotiating skills necessary to identify issues and 
pursue them through to findings and recommended actions. Candidates 
should possess a passion for poetry, a demonstrated interest in other art 
forms, intellectual integrity, and high energy. Ph.D. Preferred.

More information about this two to three year appointment can be found at 
http:// www .poetryfoundation .org/ jobs#HMPIDirector. Interested applicants 
should email a cover letter, a C.V. or résumé, a project proposal, and 
a list of personal references to employment@ poetryfoundation .org (please 
send all attachments as a Word or PDF document; subject line: HMPI Director). 
The Poetry Foundation is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Law School Admission Council

Law School Admission Council, PO Box 40 Newtown PA 18940

Test Specialist 12671

http:// www .lsac .org

Law School Admission Council (LSAC), an educational service organization 
that develops and administers the Law School Admission Test (LSAT), 
is seeking a Test Specialist. Test Specialists help to develop questions for 
the LSAT that are of high quality and are sensitive to the diversity of the 
LSAT population. The position requires the writing, review, and revision 
of questions that are designed to assess reading comprehension, informal 
reasoning, and deductive reasoning skills. Other duties may include participating 
in the review and development of informational and test preparation 
materials as well as participating in research related to the LSAT.

Some training in logic, a broad background in liberal arts, and precise and 
fluent use of Standard Written English 
are necessary. Experience in college 
teaching is desirable. Demonstrated organizational skills, the ability to 
work independently and collaboratively, and the ability to meet deadlines 
are required. Educational qualifications include an MA and doctoral-level 
work in Philosophy, Theoretical Linguistics, English, 
Literature, Classics, 
or some related discipline requiring strong reading, reasoning, and analytical 
skills. A Ph.D. is preferred.

For more information, please visit our website at www .LSAC .org

Salary: $65,000 per year or more depending on qualifications and experience. 
Benefits are highly competitive. To apply, please forward vitae, a 
letter of application including the following Job Code, and a list of references 
to: C. Rommel, HR Section, Law School Admission Council, Job 
Code: TS, P.O. Box 40, Newtown, PA 18940, FAX: 215.504.3808. E-
mail: employment@ lsac .org. Application deadline is May 1, 2010

Law School Admission Council takes great pride in its dedication to being an 
EOE/AA Employer. 
All qualified individuals, including minorities, women, 
and people who are differently abled, are encouraged to apply. [R]

Ohio Humanities Council

471 East Broad Street Suite 1620 Columbus OH 43215

Executive Director 12817

http:// www .ohiohumanities .org

The Ohio Humanities Council (OHC) is looking for an Executive Director 
who is passionate about the humanities and their importance in an 
ever more complex and technologically oriented world—a person who 
can demonstrate a passion for regional history and culture; an understanding 
of the value of ethnic and generational diversity; the need for public 
dialogue; and an understanding of the far-reaching potential of technology 
for the humanities.

The Executive Director will begin work in Ohio with the Council on or 
about January 4, 2011. The search is open through August 31, 2010. For 
more information and an application, visit: http:// www .ohiohumanities 
.org.

U of Maryland

School of Languages, Literatures and Cultures, 3215 Jimenez Hall 
College Park MD 20742

Director of Special Programs 12749

http:// www .languages .umd .edu

The director will manage all aspects of the University of Maryland-School 
of Languages, Literatures and Cultures’ special programs from development, 
funding, staffing, daily operations to sustained successful delivery. 
Specifically, this position will: design and implement a strategic marketing 
plan as well as identify and develop external funding opportunities for 
SLLC’s special programs. Provide management level support to SLLC’s 
director, program faculty and staff. Perform other duties as assigned.

BA required; MA preferred in intercultural communications, international 
affairs or a related field. Minimum of 5–7 years of experience in 
outreach & marketing, preferable as it relates to higher education; previous 
experience in institutional planning & management, writing grants, obtaining 
funding and managing a budget. Excellent written and interpersonal 
skills, strong organizational and communication skills are required. 
Demonstrated cross cultural competence, 2nd language skills highly desirable. 
Web design and experience with U.S-funded initiatives a plus.

Salary range: $65,000-$75,000

To apply: https:// jobs .umd .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ position/Job 
Details_ 
css .jsp?postingId=138611 [R]



American Sign Language

Ohio SU

French & Ital, 1775 College Rd 200 Hagerty Hall Columbus OH 43210

Senior Lecturer in ASL 12792

http:// asl .osu .edu

The Ohio State University seeks to appoint one full-time Senior Lecturer 
position (non tenure track) in American Sign Language for the 2010–2011 
academic year. One-year position with the possibility of renewal, to begin 
duties in September 2010. 7-course teaching load; service on committees; 
commitment to and initiative in collaborative curriculum and program 
development. Required: Native or near-native fluency in ASL; BA 
in Education (ASL, Deaf, foreign language), Deaf Studies, Linguistics, or 
related field; demonstrated excellence in teaching; knowledge of Deaf history 
and culture; broad experience with the Deaf community. Preferred: 
Masters degree or higher in Teaching ASL as a Foreign/ Second Language, 
Linguistics, Deaf Studies, Education(Deaf), Interpreting, or related field; 
ability and willingness to teach with digital media. Screening of applications 
will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled 
or closed. Salary $33,000–35,000 with benefits. The Ohio State University 
is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer 
and provides 
reasonable accommodations under the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
Qualified women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans 
and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Electronic applications 
accepted. Send letter of application, curriculum vita (resume), and 
three letters of recommendation to: Lauren Sanders (sanders.67@ osu .edu), 
ASL Program Associate Coordinator, The Ohio State University, Foreign 
Language Center [R]

Arabic

Claremont McKenna C

Modern Languages, 850 Columbia Ave Claremont CA 91711

Assistant Professor of Arabic 12818

http:// www .claremontmckenna .edu/

The Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at Claremont 
McKenna College (CMC) invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in Arabic at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin July 1, 2011. We seek 
candidates, with native or near-native fluency in Arabic, and with competence 
in grammar, to teach all levels of the Arabic language and additional 
courses in their field of scholarship. A PhD in Arabic language, 
literature, or related field is required. Areas of specialization could include 
Arabic literature, grammar, thought, linguistics, and/or a related field in 
Arabic language and culture. Teaching experience at the university level 
is required. This position requires excellence in teaching, research, and 
service. The candidate is expected to teach the first year Arabic classes and 
all other levels of Arabic, and to participate in the cultural and educational 
activities of the Arabic Program at Claremont McKenna College.

Review of applications will begin October 15, 2010, and will continue 
until the position is filled. Applicants should apply online by sending a letter 
of application, CV, teaching evaluations, samples of scholarly writing, 
and three letters of reference to: https:// webapps .cmc .edu/ jobs/ faculty/ 
login .php

Claremont McKenna College is a highly selective undergraduate residential 
liberal arts college, ranked among the top liberal arts colleges in the 
world. CMC has a strong faculty of teacher scholars who actively participate 
in student residential life. Claremont McKenna College is a member 
of The Claremont Colleges, which also includes Pomona, Scripps, Pitzer, 
Harvey Mudd, Claremont Graduate University and the Keck Graduate 
Institute for Applied Science. Collectively, The Claremont Colleges constitute 
an academic community of 6,000 students. The city of Claremont 
is located 35 miles east of Los Angeles.

Claremont McKenna College hires and promotes individuals on the basis 
of their qualifications, consistent with applicable state and federal laws, 
without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, 
ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, 
medical condition, or sexual orientation. Inquiries may be directed to 
the Director for Human Resources, 400 N. Claremont Blvd., Claremont, 
California 91711-4015, (909) 621-8490.

Employment is contingent upon new employee providing documents 
verifying U.S. citizenship or, for aliens, documents verifying legal permission 
to work in the United States, applicants acceptability for positions 
requiring use of a college vehicle is contingent upon a driving record acceptable 
to the College’s automobile liability insurance. Promotion from 
within is encouraged whenever qualified employees of Claremont McKenna 
College are available. [R]

Michigan SU

Second Langauge Studies, A-711 Wells Hall East Lansing MI 48824

Arabic Instructor 12821

The Department of Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, Asian, and African 
Languages seeks to fill a fixed term, one-year renewable, full-time 
position in Arabic at the rank of Instructor (MA and ABD) or Assistant 
Professor (Ph.D.), beginning August 16, 2010. Masters degree in Arabic, 
Language Pedagogy, Applied Linguistics, or relevant fields required, 
Ph.D. preferred. Applicants must be qualified to teach Arabic language 
first through fourth years and have proficiency-based teaching experience. 
Teaching duties include 3 regular courses per semester, involvement 
in curriculum/ program development and materials development. 
Additionally, the selected candidate will work with other Arabic faculty 
to secure funding in support of curriculum and materials development 
and community outreach efforts. Send letter of application, vita, 3 letters 
of recommendation, statement of teaching philosophy, a teaching 
portfolio or other materials demonstrating teaching effectiveness such as 
video-taped demonstration of class teaching to: Professor David Prestel, 
Chair, Department of Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, Asian, and African 
Languages, A-615 Wells Hall, Michigan State University, East Lansing, 
MI 48824-1027. Review of applications will begin July 12, 2010 and 
continue until the position is filled. MSU is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 