Modern Language Association 

J 

Job
Information 

List 

I 

L 

English Edition • february 2008 

Contents 

Accessing the Electronic JIL and Subscription Information .................................... inside front cover 

Information for Candidates ................................................................................................................... i 

List of Administrations Censured by the AAU P ................................................................................. ii 

Departmental Job Listings 

US Colleges and Universities................................................................................................................ 1 

Canadian Institutions.......................................................................................................................... 30 

Overseas Institutions........................................................................................................................... 31 

Department Chairs and Other Administration.................................................................................. 35 

Linguistics and ESL............................................................................................................................. 37 

Nonacademic Listings......................................................................................................................... 39 

Postdoctoral Listings........................................................................................................................... 40 

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 

Subscription Information 

The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The List 
is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all other areas; delivery 
should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are projected dates only and 
are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 

February issue 15 February 2008
April issue 14 April 2008 

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 



Accessing the Electronic JIL 

All access to search the online version of the Job Information List is now through membership in 
either the Association of Departments of English (ADE) or the Association of Departments of Foreign 
Languages (ADFL). 

Access to search the JIL is free to graduate students and faculty members in departments that 
are members of the ADE or the ADFL. If your department is a member, it can provide you with 
the department ID and password to log in at the ADE or ADFL Web site. When you log in, you 
will be asked to create your own personal login information for searching the JIL at that site. 

MLA members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments can also log in to search the JIL at 
the MLA Web site with their MLA-member user name and password. No additional user name or 
password is required. 

Individuals without an academic affiliation or whose departments are not currently members of 
the ADE or the ADFL can access the JIL by becoming affiliate members of the ADE or the ADFL. 
Like students and faculty members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments, ADE and ADFL affiliate 
members receive access to the online archive of the ADE or the ADFL Bulletins as well as 
rights to search the JIL database over the Internet. (Print versions of the JIL are no longer available 
to individuals.) Dues for affiliate memberships are $40 for MLA members and $65 for nonmembers 
and are refundable on request to those whose departments become members of the ADE or the 
ADFL within the membership period, which runs from September to August. Affiliate memberships 
must be purchased online with a credit card and are for the use of a single individual only. 

WRD–Daily (JIL folder) File: JIL_C2_DEC04_P1T1 Job Number: 130-20 10/15/04–JF 

Bembo–description: 10/12; Dante–address: 10/12, position: 10/12 it, institution: 10/12 bd, 1Head: 20/24 bd Sc, NVInstitution: 10/12 bd, NVaddress: 10/12, Issuedate: 24/52 




MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Information for Candidates 

In This Issue 

The February issue contains notices describing approximately 200 definite and possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by 
state, contains information on definite or possible vacancies and 
notices from departments that expect no vacancies but would 
nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this 
time. Send letters only to departments expressing an interest in a 
person with your qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies 
are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file 
of prospective candidates, you must decide in each case whether it 
is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main 
body of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, 
and other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement 
bureau to any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate 
a one-page vita sheet to enclose with any letters of application or 
inquiry. In your letter of application, it is probably wise to express 
a willingness to be interviewed at the department’s convenience. 
Professional meetings provide a convenient opportunity for such 
interviews. 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys 
indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language 
departments have begun recruiting by the end of December and 
that the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting 
process until spring, in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind 
of institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount 
the small colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a 
wide selection of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates 
before or during the interview about prospects for tenure in the 
specific position under consideration and about the tenure policies 
and practices in their departments and institutions. If the information 
is not offered, candidates are urged to inquire about 
these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for 
departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions 
either by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by 
applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate 
Assembly in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants 
for the cost of such shipment; and 

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples 
and other application materials from job applicants reimburse 
applicants for the cost of duplicating their writing samples 
and other materials; and 

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations 
for the costs of travel and accommodations incurred when 
visiting the campus for interviews. 



ii ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2008 

List of Administrations Censured 

by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors 
of the administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as 
evidenced by a past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized 
principles of academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, 
the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and 
more than 150 other professional and educational organizations. The 
1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom and Tenure may be found 
in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote 
of the Association’s Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but 
specifically upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes 
the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. 
This censure does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership 
in the Association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the 
institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, 
in order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain 
from accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on 
the censure list. Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the 
Association does not assert that such an unqualified obligation exists 
for its members; it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they 
seek information on present conditions of academic freedom and tenure 
from the Association’s Washington office and prospective departmental 
colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, 
possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed 
below. Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe 
citations in parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be 
made to “Developments Relating to Censure by the Association” and 
to the “Report of Committee A,” each of which appears annually in 
Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . 1963 

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . 1969 

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . 1975 

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . 1976 

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . 1978 

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . 1978 

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . 1980 

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . 1982 

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) . 1983 

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) . 1984 

Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . 1986 

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . 1987 

Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . 1987 

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . 1988 

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May-June 1989, 35–45) . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . 1990 

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . 1992 

Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . 1992 

Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . 1993 

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54–64) . 1993 

Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . 1993 

University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . 1994 

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . 1994 

Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . 1995 

Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . 1995 

St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 
41–46) . 1996 

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . 1997 

Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . 1998 

University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . 1998 

Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . 1998 

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . 1999 

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
( January-February 2000, 54–
63) . 2000 

Charleston Southern University ( January-February 2001, 63–77) . 2001 

University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . 2002 

Philander Smith College (Arkansas) ( January-February 2004, 57–68) . 2004 

Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . 2005 

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 
2004, 56–78) . 2005 

Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) ( January-February 2007, 
60–68) . 2007 

Bastyr University (Washington) (March-April 2007, 106–20) . 2007 

University of New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 74–80) . 2007 

Southern University at New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 
81–87) . 2007 

Loyola University New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 
88–100) . 2007 

Tulane University (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 101–08) . 2007 



Alabama 

Auburn U 

En­glish, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Instructor 2570 

http:// www .auburn .edu/ english 


The Department of English 
at Auburn University anticipates making several 
Instructorship appointments for the 2008–2009 academic year, with 
a starting date of August 16th. These are one-year full-time appointments 
that may be renewed by mutual agreement for up to four additional years. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Minimum qualifications include a Masters or PhD in English 
or related 
humanities field, broad literary training, a record of successful teaching 
of college-level composition, sophomore literature, and/or business and 
technical writing, and interest in teaching both writing and world literature. 
The successful candidate must meet eligibility requirements to work 
in the U.S. at the time the appointment is scheduled to begin and continue 
working legally for the proposed term of employment. The candidate 
must be able to communicate effectively in English. 


Desirable qualification: We are especially interested in candidates with 
experience and training in teaching freshman-level composition. 

Full-time Instructors teach seven courses over two semesters, typically 
4–3. Typically, the courses are 3-hr. core curriculum courses in freshman 
composition and world literature; qualif ied Instructors may also teach 
courses in business writing and/or technical writing. The starting salary is 
$33,000 (PhD), $32,000 (ABD), or $30,000 (Masters); there is a possibility 
of summer teaching in addition. Full-time Instructors are eligible for 
benefits, including health insurance. 

With approximately 24,000 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in a small, 
attractive college town in the east central part of the state, conveniently 
near Montgomery, Birmingham, and Atlanta. The Department of English, 
which is the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers the BA, 
MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Communication), and 
PhD. Additional information is available on the departments web site at 
www .auburn .edu/ english. 


Send letter of application and vita to George Crandell, Head, Department 
of English, 
Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849. Applications will be 
accepted until the positions are filled; applications will be acknowledged 
by a department letter. Review of applications will begin February 1, 
2008 and continue until the positions are filled. Auburn University is an 
Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

Amer Studies, PO Box 870214, ten Hoor Hall Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professorship in Latina/o Studies 1611 

The Department of American Studies at the University of Alabama invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship in Latina/o Studies 
beginning August 15, 2008. Ph.D. in hand preferred, ABD considered. 
Though the candidate we seek may have formal training in an interdisciplinary 
program or in more traditional social science or humanities/ fine 
arts disciplines, we are especially interested in candidates who can also 
contribute to curriculum and research in the areas of globalization, borderlands, 
and the Global South; immigration and labor migrations; and/or 
transnational cultural studies. Candidates should demonstrate the promise 
of excellence in scholarship and teaching. Salary and teaching load competitive. 
Please send letter of application, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and an article-length writing sample to Latina/o Studies Search 
Committee, Department of American Studies, P.O. Box 870214, Tuscaloosa, 
AL 35487-0214. Review of applications will begin on December 1, 
2007 and continue until filled. Women and minority groups are especially 
encouraged to apply. The University of Alabama is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer. 


U of Alabama 

En­glish, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Instructor 2540 

http:// www.as.ua.edu/ english/ 


The English 
Department at The University of Alabama will hire several 
full-time instructors for appointments of up to three years (annual renewal 
based upon satisfactory performance review, need, and funding). Minimum 
qualifications: MA in English; 
experience in teaching composition. 
Preferred qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or MFA in Creative Writing; 
experience in technical writing, literature surveys, writing centers, or 
learning communities. Position begins August 16, 2008. 

To apply: send a letter of application, CV, copies of teaching evaluations 
and dossier (including transcripts and recommendations) to William A. 
Ulmer, Chair, Department of English, 
Box 870244, The University of 
Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487. Deadline: Submit applications before 
March 3, 2008 for best consideration; screening of applications will continue 
until all positions are filled. The University of Alabama is an Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 


http:// www.as.ua.edu/ english/ 
[R] 

Arizona 

U of Arizona 

En­glish, PO Box 210067 1423 E University Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 1293 

http:// english 
.arizona .edu/ 

The Creative Writing Program of the Department of English 
at the 
University of Arizona invites applications and nominations for two tenure-
track assistant professors, one in creative nonfiction and one in fiction, 
to start August 2008. We are looking for outstanding writers and 
teachers to work with students at the graduate and undergraduate level. 
Our university, college, and department seek to expand our work with 

February 2008 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (FEB 08) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_Feb08_P1T3.indd Job #: 130-20 1/24/08–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




under-represented cultures and under-served constituencies, and so we 
welcome candidates with experience and interest in working with diverse 
students, colleagues, and communities. Our program also seeks to encourage 
a broad range of aesthetic approaches. Welcome, but not required, is 
secondary expertise in poetry and/or an ability to contribute to a collegewide 
initiative in border studies. 

For full details and online application, see posting at https:// www .uacareertrack 
.com (cite job #39165 for creative nonfiction, or job #39113 for 
fiction). Include letter of application, c.v., and writing sample (30 pages 
maximum) with the online application. Please have three letters of recommendation 
sent to Professor Alison Hawthorne Deming, Search Committee 
Chair, Department of English, 
P.O. Box 210067, ML445, University 
of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721-0067. Review of complete applications 
will begin October 10, 2007 and continue until the positions are filled. 

The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA Employer 
M/W/D/V. [R] 

U of Arizona 

En­glish, PO Box 210067 1423 E University Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Assistant Professor of Literature 1270 

http:// english 
.arizona .edu/ 

The Literature Program of the Department of English 
at the University 
of Arizona seeks two beginning tenure-track assistant professors to start 
in August 2008. Areas of specialization: 19th-century 
American literature 
(with a competence to teach the American literature survey from early 
American literature to the present); British and American Modernism; 
British literature from 1750–1850 (the long Romantic period); contemporary 
British literature; film and media. We also welcome applicants who 
work from a queer theory perspective or who have an interest in drama. 
The Department is located within the College of Humanities, which also 
includes the Africana Studies Program and East Asian Studies. Faculty and 
students in the Literature Program are actively involved with programs in 
American Indian Studies, Women’s Studies, and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, 
and Transgender Studies. The University of Arizona has set itself the goal 
of becoming an Hispanic-Serving Institution. We are seeking to expand 
our established collaborations with under-represented and under-served 
constituencies, and so we welcome candidates interested in working with 
diverse students, colleagues, and communities. 

For full details and the online application, see posting at https:// www 
.uacareertrack .com (cite job #39181). Include letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and a writing sample with the online application. Please 
send your dossier with at least three letters of recommendation by November 
15 to Professor Edgar A. Dryden, Chair of the Literature Search 
Committee, Department of English, 
P.O. Box 210067, U of A, Tucson, 
AZ 85721-0067. Review of complete applications will begin October 1. 

The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA Employer-
M/W/D/V. [R] 

Arkansas 

U of Central Arkansas 

Department of Writing, 201 Donaghey Ave Conway AR 72035 

Assistant Professor of Writing 2413 

http:// www .uca .edu/ cfac/ writing/ 

The Department of Writing at the University of Central Arkansas announces 
the availability of a tenure-track position beginning fall of 2008. 
The successful candidate should have the capacity to teach, research, advise, 
and provide leadership. Our primary needs are for a specialist in rhetoric 
with a primary interest in technical communication or a specialist in 
scriptwriting including dramatic and screen writing. The successful candidate 
may also have a second area of emphasis in one of our department’s 
areas of concentration: linguistics, composition theory, creative writing 
and rhetoric. Information about the department and its programs may be 
obtained at the university’s web site: www .uca .edu. PhD or MFA in hand 
by August 2008. Review of applications begins January 10, 2008 and continues 
until the position is filled. We will interview at AWP and CCCC. 

Submit letter of application, c.v., graduate transcripts and current letters 
of recommendation to: Search Committee, Department of Writing, 
Thompson Hall 308, University of Central Arkansas, 201 Donaghey Avenue, 
Conway, AR 72035. AA/EOE [R] 

California 

California Baptist U 

Mod Langs & Lit, 8432 Magnolia Av Riverside CA 92504 

Open-rank Professor of English 
and Film Studies 1555 

http:// www .calbaptist .edu 

The Modern Languages and Literature Department of California Baptist 
University invites applicants for an open-rank tenure-track position in 
film studies and literature. Teaching responsibilities each semester will include 
upper-level and graduate courses in literature and film, film theory, 
genre studies, as well as in the candidate’s area of specialization. Duties 
also include some freshman-level composition courses. Ph.D. or MFA 
in related field preferred; ABD considered. Candidates will be expected 
to demonstrate excellence in teaching and to engage in academic service 
and original scholarship. Experience teaching at the college level desired. 
Candidates must embrace the mission of California Baptist University 
and evidence a clear understanding of, and commitment to, excellence 
in teaching through the integration of the Christian faith and learning. 
California Baptist University is a thriving undergraduate and graduate institution 
with a diverse and growing student body. Please submit online 
application and CV at https:// www .calbaptist .edu/ employment/ faculty 
.aspx. Review of applications begins December 1 until position is filled. 
Inquiries may be sent to Dr. Laura Veltman, search committee chair, at 
lveltman@ calbaptist .edu. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

California SU, Chico 

En­glish, 400 W 1st St Chico CA 95929 

Assistant Professor-Victorian Literature 750 

http:// www .csuchico .edu/ engl/ 

The minimum requirement for the appointment to this position is an 
earned doctorate in English 
at the time of appointment. The candidate 
should have demonstrated potential excellence in teaching and scholarship 
in the field of Victorian literature. Scholarly interests should be strongly 
grounded in Victorian literature and its historical and social contexts. 
Interest in religion and literature, domestic fiction, or autobiography is 
desirable. In addition, the successful candidate should be committed to 
working with California’s diverse student population. Teaching load is 
four courses per semester. Responsibilities may include teaching introductory 
literature courses, surveys of British literature, period and genre 
courses, and graduate seminars. The exact assignment is dependent upon 
departmental needs and the background of the individual. Review will 
begin December 3, 2007, and will continue until the position is filled. 
Applicants must submit a letter of application, an Application for Academic 
Employment form (found at http:// www .csuchico .edu/hr/Forms/ 
VPHR-FacultyEmplApp .doc), dossier, teaching evaluations, and three 
letters of recommendation to: Aiping Zhang, Chair, Department of English, 
CSU, Chico, Chico CA 95929-0830. Phone: 530-898-5125 or 
TDD 530-898-4666. California State University, Chico is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity/ Americans with Disabilities Act employer 
and 
employs only individuals lawfully authorized to work in the U.S. 

 ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2008 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (FEB 08) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_Feb08_P1T3.indd Job #: 130-20 1/24/08–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




California SU, Stanislaus 

Department Accounting-Finance, One University Circle Turlock CA 
95320 

Assistant Professor 2149 

http:// csustan .edu 

Position: The Department of Accounting and Finance at California State 
University, Stanislaus invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor. The primary responsibility of the 
person hired will be to annually teach four sections of junior level accounting 
writing course. 

Minimum Qualifications: An earned doctorate in Accounting or English 
or related fields with the demonstrated ability to teach accounting students 
to write within the discipline. Applicants with a Ph.D. in English 
must have demonstrated competence in and/or experience with basic accounting 
principles. 

Preferred Qualifications: An earned doctorate in English 
or related field 
with a CPA certif icate or equivalent; OR an earned doctorate in Accounting 
or related f ield from an AACSB accredited university and a 
Master’s Degree in English 
or equivalent. 

How to Apply & Deadline: A complete applicant f ile should include a 
letter of application that states your interest in the position, an updated 
and complete curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, an original transcript 
from the doctoral degree granting institution, copies of research 
and publications, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. We will begin 
screening immediately. The selection process will continue until the position 
is filled. Please send correspondence to: 

Dr. Steven Filling, Chair, Accounting Search Committee, Department 
of Accounting and Finance, California State University, Stanislaus, One 
University Circle, Turlock, Ca 95382 

Evergreen Valley C 

Human Resources, 4750 San Felipe Road San Jose CA 95135 

Reading Instructor 2533 

http:// jobs .sjeccd .org 

San Jose /Evergreen 

Community College District 

ACADEMIC EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 

Working Title: Reading Instructor 

Posting Date: 12–18–2007 

Closing Date (by 5:00PM): 02–19–2008 

Posting Number: 10021 

Work Location Evergreen Valley College 

Division: Language Arts 

Academic Position Type: Faculty Full-Time Tenure Track Position 

Academic Position Term: Regular 100% FTE 10-Months per year 

Salary Range: $56,296-$72,210 Annual Salary (Academic Salary Schedule 
FY2006–2007) 

Benefits Available. 

Employment Start Date: Fall Semester 2008 

Position Summary 

This position with a majority of the assignment in the Division of Language 
Arts will teach a full range of reading classes. The assignment may 
include day, evening, and weekend responsibilities. This faculty position 
is represented by the Faculty Association Unit, AFT 6157. 

Duties and Responsibilities: 

1. Teach a 100% load in the f ield of reading. Course assignments will 
include, but not be limited to, pre-collegiate and transfer level reading 
courses, and may include reading lab duties. 

2. Currency and depth of knowledge in assigned area of responsibility. 

3. Communicate subject matter clearly, correctly and effectively. 

Minimum Qualifications: 

1. Master’s in education with a specialization in reading or teaching reading 
OR Bachelor’s in any academic discipline AND twelve semester units 
of course work in teaching reading AND Master’s in English, 
literature, 
linguistics, applied linguistics, composition, comparative literature, TESL, 
or psychology OR the equivalent. 

Equivalency information, along with the form, can be obtained at http:// 
hr.sjeccd .org/ equiv_ form .pdf. 

Application Procedures: 

Interested applicants must submit online the following materials as 
prompted via the following URL: https:// jobs .sjeccd .org by 5:00 PM of 
the closing date to be considered for the position. It is the responsibility of 
the applicant to submit all of the following required application materials 
as a complete application packet by the closing date: 

1. Official San Jose/ Evergreen Community College District online Faculty 
Application (completed and submitted online). 

2. Resume of all professional preparation and experience (Attach to the 
online application). 

3. Letter of Application expressing your interest in the position and stating specifically 
how you meet the qualifications (Attach to the online application). 

4. Transcripts verifying degrees listed on the application (Attach to the online 
application). (Unofficial transcripts may be submitted for application 
purposes; however, official transcripts must be submitted before hiring). 

5. Application for equivalency, if applicable, and additional materials relevant 
for equivalency consideration (Attach to the online application). 

Note: ONLY A COMPLETE APPLICATION PACKET WILL BE 
CONSIDERED 

Note about Transcripts: 

If you do not have an electronic version of the transcript to attach: 

1. Attach a statement explaining you will fax or mail the transcript to be 
received by the closing date to the transcript attachment link on the online 
application; 

2. Fax a legible copy of the transcripts to (408) 223-6341 and/or mail to 
the address below. 

3. Include the position posting number on the document before mailing 
or faxing. 

Office of Human Resources, Attn: Employment Services, 4750 San Felipe 
Road, San Jose, CA 95135, Phone: (408) 270-6414 Fax: (408) 223-6341, 
Email sjeccdhr@ sjeccd .org, Telephone 408-223-6707 (when prompted 
choose option #4) 

For further information and instructions on how to apply, please visit our 
Web site @ https:// jobs .sjeccd .org. 

EOE 

San Diego SU 

Rhetoric & Writing Studies, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182 

Assistant Professor of Technical/ Professional Writing 1543 

http:// rhetoric .sdsu .edu 

The Department of Rhetoric and Writing Studies at San Diego State 
University is seeking applicants for a tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor beginning Fall Semester, 2008. 

Ph.D. in Rhetoric, Professional/ Technical Communication, Composition, 
or comparable area preferred by August 24, 2008. 

We seek candidates who have demonstrated scholarly promise in the area 
of rhetoric and technology studies with interests in one or more of the following 
areas: professional/ disciplinary writing, international dimensions 
of technical communication and/or communication technologies, organizational 
communication, rhetorics of science, new media and/or the 
workplace. Knowledge of electronic publishing, background in electronic 
communication tools, and workplace experience will be given special 
consideration. Duties include: teaching courses designed for professional 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (FEB 08) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_Feb08_P1T3.indd Job #: 130-20 1/24/08–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 




communication minors, M.A., and certificate program students; research 
and publication; departmental service; professional outreach. 

Please submit (1) letter indicating research and teaching interests, (2) detailed 
CV, (3) relevant course syllabus, (4) relevant writing sample, and 
(5) letters from three references. Applications will not be considered until 
these items have been received. Direct correspondence to Professor Linn 
Bekins, Department of Rhetoric and Writing Studies, San Diego State 
University, San Diego, CA 92182-4452. (lbekins@ mail .sdsu .edu) Please 
refer to position name: Professional Writing. 

Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2007 and will continue 
until the position is filled. We expect to conduct interviews at the 
MLA in December. 

The Department of Rhetoric and Writing Studies is a freestanding department 
within the College of Arts and Letters. The DRWS is comprised 
of collegial, nationally and internationally recognized faculty with 
interests in professional and public discourse, literacy and the teaching of 
writing, and rhetorical theory. http:// rhetoric .sdsu .edu. SDSU is a Title 
IX, equal opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate against individuals 
on the basis or race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, 
gender, marital status, age, disability or veteran status, including veterans 
of the Vietnam era. [R] 

Santa Rosa Jr C 

En­glish, 1501 Mendocino Av Santa Rosa CA 95401 

English 
Instructors 2524 

(2 Positions: 1 @ Petaluma and 1 @ Santa Rosa) 

PRIORITY FILING DEADLINE: 

Thursday, February 14, 2008 (Open until filled) 

GENERAL DESCRIPTION 

Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC) is seeking individuals with demonstrated 
instructional skills to join an outstanding team of faculty and 
instructional administrators to provide high quality services to our district, 
our community, and most importantly to our students. There are 
two full-time, regular contract positions at Santa Rosa Junior College, 
beginning Fall Semester, August 2008. One position will be located at 
the Santa Rosa Campus. A second position will be located at the Petaluma 
Campus, approximately 17 miles south of the Santa Rosa Campus. Appointments 
are contingent upon Board approval. 

DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 

To meet the diverse needs of our students, the English 
Department sponsors 
a variety of programs and services, including a Puente Program, developmental 
learning communities, a department-wide Work of Literary 
Merit to introduce literature to our freshman composition students, a 
Writing Center, and an on-line writing lab. The department has 28 fulltime 
and 55 adjunct instructors who provide comprehensive and varied 
educational programs to meet the needs of all of our students. 

PETALUMA CAMPUS DESCRIPTION 

SRJC began offering evening classes in Petaluma in 1964, and in the early 
1970s held classes in leased spaces throughout the city. In 1985, the Board 
of Trustees purchased a 40-acre site in east Petaluma, and in 1995 the rst 
phase of construction of a Petaluma Center was completed. The Petaluma 
Center ofcially became a campus in April 1999. Today, over 6000 students 
enroll in classes each semester at the SRJC Petaluma Campus, and 
the second phase of construction to expand the Petaluma Campus to a 
12,000-student capacity is now underway. The beautiful contemporary 
adobe-style buildings with red tile roofs and clock tower with Westminster 
chimes reect the Spanish history of the area. The campus is 35 miles 
north of San Francisco. 

POSITION DESCRIPTION 

The successful candidates will teach across a range of English 
classes that 
will include developmental-level reading and writing, freshman composition, 
critical thinking, creative writing and lower-division literature 
classes. With the growing diversity of the District, our need to build a diverse 
faculty has become critical. As a result, we encourage persons of all 
backgrounds and cultures, including persons with disabilities, to apply. 

QUALIFICATIONS 

Required: 

Masters degree in English, 
Literature, Comparative Literature, or Composition; 
OR Bachelors degree in any of the above AND a Masters degree 
in Linguistics, TESL, Speech, Education with specialization in Reading, 
Creative Writing, or Journalism; OR the equivalent; or a fully satisfied 
(Life) California Community College Instructors Credential in Language 
Arts and Literature. Requires a sensitivity to, and understanding of, the 
diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds 
of community college students. 

Starting Salary Range: $54,685-$76,150 per year (2007/08 Faculty Salary 
Schedule). Teaching experience, other related professional experience, 
and academic degrees determine salary placement on a schedule that is 
competitive with other California Community Colleges. 

APPLICATION MATERIALS AND PROCEDURES 

To receive application materials, please contact: Human Resources Department, 
Santa Rosa Junior College, 1501 Mendocino Avenue, Santa 
Rosa, California 95401, (707) 527-4688 Fax (707) 527-4967 

Employment Page: www .santarosa .edu/hr 

U of California, Davis 

University Writing Program, One Shields Avenue Davis CA 95616 

Lecturer 1488 

http:// writing .ucdavis .edu 

The UC Davis University Writing Program invites applications for fulltime 
Lecturers able to teach a range of writing courses, primarily at the 
upper-division level. We are especially interested in applicants experienced 
in teaching writing in the sciences, business and technical writing, 
legal writing, writing in the health professions, and writing in the academic 
disciplines. Ph.D. or other appropriate terminal degree required, 
except in cases where extensive professional experience may be considered 
the equivalent. 

One-year appointments (with possibility of renewal) beginning in the 
2008–2009 academic year. Teaching load: 7 courses over 3 quarters. 
Starting salary: $39,096, with benefits. Number of positions contingent 
on funding. Lecturers with 18 quarters of teaching in the program will be 
eligible to apply for rank of Continuing Lecturer. 

The successful candidates will join an independent writing program with 
an established emphasis on writing in the disciplines and professions, as 
well as a diverse student population. The University Writing Program 
publishes the award-winning journal Writing on the Edge and enjoys 
the support of Daviss renowned programs in the sciences, environmental 
studies, agriculture, and engineering, plus close ties with the arts, the 
humanities, and the School of Education. Located in Northern Californias 
Central Valley, adjacent to Sacramento and within easy driving distance 
of the Bay Area and the Sierras, UC Davis offers a superb, diverse 
environment for teaching and research. Websites: www .ucdavis .edu and 
writing 
.ucdavis .edu. 

Application letter, vita, sample course materials, and three letters of recommendation 
to Christopher Thaiss, Lecturer Search Chair, University 
Writing Program, University of California, One Shields Avenue, Davis, 
CA 95616-8581. We will begin reading applications November 15, 2007 
and positions will remain open until filled. We will conduct interviews 
by telephone or, when possible, on the campus. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/ equal employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities and veterans. [R] 



U of California, Los Angeles 

College of Letters and Science, Office of the Dean of Humanities 2300 
Murphy Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

UCLA Digital Humanities Open-rank Faculty Position 824 

http:// www .digitalhumanities .ucla .edu 

The University of California, Los Angeles, invites applications for an 
open-rank faculty position in Digital Humanities beginning July 1, 2008. 
Specializations may include, but are not limited to: new media and cultural/ 
literary studies, computational sciences and culture, globalization 
and media, visual studies, GIS and cultural mapping, advanced visualization, 
Internet culture, and media theory. The successful candidate will 
have a demonstrated ability to work across disciplines on broad-based humanities 
projects that build bridges between humanists and technologists 
through interdisciplinary collaboration. Applicants should demonstrate 
a strong commitment and innovative approach to teaching and research. 
Administrative experience working with technology staff and funding 
agencies is desirable. The successful candidate will be appointed in one or 
more academic departments. He/she will work closely with interdisciplinary 
centers, including the Center for Digital Humanities, and is expected 
to assume a central role in UCLAs vibrant digital humanities community. 
Please note that UCLA is conducting two additional searches in the field 
of Digital Humanities, as follows: A search by the Department of English 
in the area of New Media and a search for a Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow 
in Digital Humanities. For more information, please visit: http:// www 
.digitalhumanities .ucla .edu 

A Ph.D. is required by July 2008. To apply, please send an application 
letter, CV, three letters of recommendation, and representative research 
publications by November 20, 2007, to: Chair of Digital Humanities 
Search Committee, 2300 Murphy Hall, Box 951438, Los Angeles, CA 
90095-1438 

Position subject to final budgetary approval. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Redlands 

En­glish, PO Box 3080 1200 E Colton Av Redlands CA 92373 

Lecturer in English 
Composition 298 

http:// www .redlands .edu 

The University of Redlands seeks a full-time lecturer to teach a range of 
expository writing courses at the lower-and upper-division levels. Graduate 
degree in Composition /Rhetoric or a related field required, together 
with a commitment to teaching argumentative and analytic writing to 
undergraduates. The following are desirable: Scholarly or teaching interests 
in rhetorical theory, basic writing, language acquisition, persuasive 
writing, and /or business, scientific, or technical writing. 

Please furnish the following materials to Claudia Ingram, University 
of Redlands, 1200 East Colton Avenue, PO Box 3080, Redlands, CA 
92373-0999: CV, dossier containing three (3) letters of recommendation, 
a statement of composition teaching philosophy, a sample of teaching materials, 
and a 10–15 page writing sample. We will begin reading applications 
as of October 15. Position open until filled. 

The University of Redlands is a liberal-arts university with an undergraduate 
student body of 2400, located between Los Angeles and Palm 
Springs. The University of Redlands is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, nondisqualifying 
disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital 
status, national origin, or ethnic origin. Members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Westmont C 

En­glish, 955 La Paz Rd Santa Barbara CA 93108 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
1690 

http:// www .westmont .edu/_academics/ pages/ provost/ faculty_ pos 

Approved tenure-track position at assistant or associate professor level, 
with specialization in composition, to begin late August 2008. Applicants 
must have Ph.D. in an appropriate field, interdisciplinary interests, and 
demonstrated excellence in scholarship and classroom teaching. Additional 
expertise desired in any of the following fields: composition pedagogy 
and theory; writing across the disciplines; cultural, ethnic, or gender 
studies; or film studies. Normal teaching load of three courses (12 units) 
per semester will include upper-and lower-division writing courses, directing 
the campus writing center, and possibly an upper-or lower-division 
literature course. Send letter of application and CV to Dr. Randall J. 
VanderMey, Chair, Department of English, 
Westmont College, 955 La 
Paz Rd., Santa Barbara, CA, 93108. Applications received by November 
19, 2007, will be acknowledged by letter. Dossiers will be requested 
after initial screening. Selected candidates will be interviewed at the Chicago 
MLA Convention. 

Westmont is a nationally ranked liberal arts college in the Protestant evangelical 
tradition. Faculty members are expected to embrace the college’s 
mission wholeheartedly, relating their Christian faith to their teaching, 
scholarship, mentoring, and action. The college has a strong commitment 
to build a culturally and academically diverse faculty of the highest 
caliber. [R] 

Colorado 

Adams SC 

En­glish, 208 Edgemont Alamosa CO 81102 

Associate or Assistant Professor of Mass Communication
Position # FA8020 1775 

http:// www2.adams .edu/ academics/ communications/ 

Position Description: One tenure-track position to teach broadcast, print, 
or converged media and journalism, media theory, and freshman composition. 
May also include serving as advisor to campus radio station or 
student newspaper. Teaching load: 12 credits per semester, (3 classroom 
courses plus practicum and internship supervision). Excellence in teaching, 
scholarship, and service are required for promotion and tenure. Our 
strong, collegial department is committed to serving diverse students. 
Ph.D. (or A.B.D.) in Media Theory, English, 
Rhetoric, or related field. 
M.A. in Mass Communications, plus extensive professional experience 
at minimum. College-level teaching experience (including experience 
and/or training in teaching composition) and evidence of scholarly/ creative 
promise highly desirable. Salary is commensurate with qualifications 
within the $40K range. Adams State College offers a competitive benefits 
package. Send letter of application, curriculum vita transcripts of graduate 
work (copies acceptable), and three current letters of recommendation (including 
telephone numbers) to: Professor Carol Guerrero-Murphy, Head 
Department of English, 
Theatre, Mass Communication, and Languages; 
Adams State College; Alamosa, CO 81102. Review of completed applications 
will begin immediately and will continue until the position has 
been filled. Start date: August 20, 2008. [R] 

Colorado Mountain College 

Human Resources, 831 Grand Ave Glenwood Springs CO 81601 

Communications Faculty 2574 

http:// www .coloradomtn .edu 

Communications Faculty, Vail /Eagle Valley Campus, Edwards, CO 

This full time, 9 month position will start August 14, 2008. The successful 
candidate will maintain 30-credit hours of undergraduate English 




composition; literature; and developmental writing courses. Some evenings 
will be required. Responsibilities also include academic advising 
and service to community, campus and/or college. Emphasis is on excellence 
in teaching. Qualifications: Masters Degree in English, 
English 
Literature, 
Comparative Literature or in English 
Composition; and at least 
3 years/90 credit hours of higher education teaching experience; and 
evidence of excellence in teaching. CMC offers excellent benefits. Salary 
Range: $50,996-$62,005 depending upon education and experience. To 
be considered an applicant, transcripts must be attached with the original 
application material; transcripts submitted separately will not be accepted. 
(Unofficial transcripts accepted) To submit the required letter of interest; 
transcripts; a resume; and a list of three professional references, go 
to www .coloradomtn .edu/ employment. This position remains open until 
filled with review of resumes to begin February 4, 2008. CMC is an EOE 
committed to diversifying its workforce. 

Connecticut 

Central Connecticut SU 

En­glish, 1615 Stanley St New Britain CT 06050 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of Professional Writing (C08–093) 2384 

http:// www .English 
.ccsu .edu/ 

English 
Department seeks tenure-track faculty member with specialization 
in one or more of the fields within professional writing (e.g., business 
writing, digital humanities, digital writing, technical writing) to teach 
intermediate and advanced writing courses, and create new courses to develop 
and support a professional writing program. Additional responsibilities 
include committee work, conference participation, and publication. 

Qualif ications: Ph.D. or M.F.A. in Professional Writing, Digital Humanities, 
Hypertext or related field; evidence of scholarly and professional 
activity. Experience and credentials above this level may be eligible for 
consideration at the level of associate professor. 

To receive full consideration, applications must be received by January 31, 
2007. Submit letter of application, CV, transcripts, sample publications, 
and 3 letters of recommendation to: Dr. Gil Gigliotti, English 
Department, 
CCSU, 1615 Stanley Street, New Britain, CT 06050. [R] 

District of Columbia 

American U 

Lit, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Battelle-Tompkins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Professor of Creative Writing/ Poetry 241 

http:// www .american .edu 

Professor Rank Open 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Creative Writin/ Poetry beginning Fall 2008. Rank open. 

Requirements: MFA by August 2008. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; 
commitment to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and 
undergraduate courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 
with attention to gender and ethnic concerns; supervision of MFA 
theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of 
recommendation to Jonathan Loesberg, Chair, Department of Literature, 
American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 15. American 
University is seeking highly dedicated teachers and scholars who are 
deeply committed to interdisciplinary learning, the application of new 
technologies in teaching and scholarship, and to the preparation of students 
for life in a diverse and rapidly changing global society. American 
University is an EOE/AA university committed to diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

American U 

Lit, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Battelle-Tompkins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor of British Literature during the Long Eighteenth 
Century 242 

http:// www .american .edu 

British Literature during the Long Eighteenth Century. Courses on Milton 
and other topics in Eighteenth Century. 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
in British Literature during the Long Eighteenth Century beginning 
Fall 2008. 

Requirements: Ph.D. by August 2008. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; 
commitment to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and 
undergraduate courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 
with attention to gender and ethnic concerns; supervision of MA 
theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of 
recommendation to Jonathan Loesberg, Chair, Department of Literature, 
American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 15. American 
University is seeking highly dedicated teachers and scholars who are 
deeply committed to interdisciplinary learning, the application of new 
technologies in teaching and scholarship, and to the preparation of students 
for life in a diverse and rapidly changing global society. American 
University is an EOE/AA university committed to diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Florida 

Jacksonville U 

Humanities, 2800 University Blvd N Jacksonville FL 32211 

Assistant Professor of English 
2333 

http:// www.ju.edu 

Assistant Professor of English 
FT & Tenure Track 

Starting August 2008 

JU is seeking a specialist in Composition/ Rhetoric to teach in the firstyear 
writing program and direct the Writing Across the Curriculum 
program and the Writing Center. Teaching load would be 2/2 as well 
as duties related to the WAC/ Writing Center position. Ph.D. preferred, 
Masters Degree with 18 graduate hours in discipline required 

Application Materials: cover letter, CV transcripts, three letters of recommendation 
evidence of teaching excellence and administrative experience 

JU faculty application (found at: http:// www.ju.edu/ files/ applications/ 
faculty_ application .pdf 

NOTE: Application cannot be f illed out online. Download, f ill out 
and sign. Return by surface mail, fax: 904-256-7189 or scan/ email to 
dhazzar@ 
ju .edu 

Send application materials to: English 
Search Committee, Humanities 
Division, Council 125, 2800 University Blvd. N., Jacksonville University, 
Jacksonville, FL 32211 

Screening will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. 
EOE [R] 



Rollins C 

En­glish, 1000 Holt Av, Campus Box 2666 Winter Park FL 32789 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Critical Media & Cultural Studies 1885 

http:// www .rollins .edu 

Rollins College recently introduced an innovative, interdisciplinary department 
and undergraduate major in Critical Media and Cultural Studies. 
The curriculum includes five core courses centered on theory and 
research, five elective courses in an area of concentration (e.g., Power and 
Persuasion, Gender and Sexualities in Media), and four practicum credit 
hours focused on multimedia skills, such as digital video editing. The key 
focal point in the major is, “What content and forms of media and culture 
best facilitate our participation as agents in a free democratic society?” 

The Department of Critical Media and Cultural Studies invites applications 
for a one-year Visiting Assistant Professor beginning August 2008, 
with the possibility of renewal. The successful candidate will teach core 
and elective courses in media and cultural studies. Candidates with one 
or more of the following qualities are especially encouraged to apply: 1) a 
specialization in media, peace, and justice; media and civic engagement; 
media activism; and/or international media, 2) media production skills; 
and 3) an interest in helping further integrate our curriculum with Rollins’ 
campus media and with the Global Peace Film Festival hosted each 
year by the College. Ph.D. preferred, A.B.D. considered. Teaching load 
is three courses per semester with usual class sizes of 20–25. Academic 
advising responsibilities also required. Generous research, conference, and 
international travel funds are available. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. To apply, candidates must submit a cover letter, including 
a statement of teaching philosophy, graduate transcripts, list of references 
with phone and e-mail contact information, and C.V. to: Dr. Lisa Tillmann, 
Chair, Critical Media and Cultural Studies, Rollins College, 1000 
Holt Ave.-2723, Winter Park, FL 32789. Additional questions may be addressed 
to Dr. Tillmann at ltillmann@ rollins .edu. 

Rollins College, one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in Florida, 
is a comprehensive, liberal arts college located on a beautiful lakeside 
campus in Winter Park, FL, a Metro Orlando community. The College 
emphasizes innovative and quality teaching in small classes, and ranks 
number one among 121 Southern master’s-level universities in the annual 
rankings of “America’s Best Colleges,” released by U.S. News & World 
Report. For additional information, please visit the College website at 
www .rollins .edu. 

Through its mission, Rollins College is f irmly committed to creating 
a just community that embraces multiculturalism; persons of color and 
women are therefore encouraged to apply. 

Saint Leo U 

Lib Arts & Sciences, PO Box 6665, MC2127 Saint Leo FL 33574 

Assistant Professor of English 
2055 

http:// www .saintleo .edu 

Saint Leo University is a diverse, values-based Catholic university using 
innovative technology in undergraduate and graduate programs online 
and in the classroom. Floridas oldest Catholic education institution in the 
Benedictine tradition currently enrolls more than 13,000 students in 16 
regional centers throughout Florida and the Southeastern United States. 

Job Summary: Assistant professor of English, 
tenure-track, nine-month 
contract to teach a 4/4 load in the departments creative writing specialization 
in fiction and creative non-fiction. 

Primary Responsibilities: Teaching 4/4 load, advising, departmental service 

Education: M.F.A. in Creative Writing, fiction emphasis, with Ph.D. in 
another area of English 
or Ph.D. in Creative Writing from a regionally 
accredited institution 

Experience: Two years college teaching experience required 

Required Knowledge, skills, and abilities: Teach composition and creative 
writing courses in fiction and creative non-fiction at the undergraduate level 
and additional English 
courses as needed in a student-centered environment 

TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION: 

Submit letter of interest and current resume with contact information for 
three professional references to resume@ saintleo .edu. 

Saint Leo University, Human Resources MC 2327, PO Box 6665, Saint 
Leo, Florida 33574 

Saint Leo University is an equal opportunity employer. 
Catholics, women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

U of South Florida 

En­glish, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 1944 

http:// www .cas .usf .edu/ english 


Assistant Professor. African-American Literature, preferably with a focus 
on the 19th century. Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants will be 
considered but must have the degree conferred by the time appointment 
begins. Candidates must have a strong teaching record and outstanding 
scholarly potential. The teaching assignment will include a range of undergraduate 
and graduate courses. 2/2 teaching load. Salary and benefits 
competitive. Position contingent upon funding. Letter, vita, writing sample 
not to exceed 30 pages, list of graduate courses, and dossier of recommendations 
to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English 
Department, CPR 107, 
University of South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550. Applications will 
be accepted until position filled. According to Florida Law, applications 
and meetings regarding them are open to the public. For ADA accommodations, 
please contact Nancy Serrano (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@ 
cas .usf .edu) at least five working days prior to need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

Georgia 

Emmanuel C 

En­glish, PO Box 129 Franklin Springs GA 30639 

Assistant/ Associate Professof English 
(Rhetoric/ WID Director) 2305 

Emmanuel college is a Christ-centered, liberal arts college seeking to 
hire an Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
effective August 2008. 
An expertise in rhetoric is desirable since the position will include serving 
as Director or Assistant Director of the Quality Enhancement Plan 
(WID). All English 
faculty are expected to teach freshman composition, 
advise students, and serve on committees. Ph.D.’s preferred; M.A.’s will 
be considered. Emmanuel seeks faculty dedicated to the integration of 
faith and learning and committed to continuous teaching improvement. 
Please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts 
(unofficial acceptable), pastoral recommendation from current pastor, and 
personal testimony describing applicant’s relationship with Christ to Barbara 
Goodwin; Emmanuel College; P.O. Box 129; Franklin Springs, GA 
30639. Electronic submission to bgoodwin@ ec .edu is preferrable. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled. [R] 

Shorter C 

Humanities, 315 Shorter Av Rome GA 30165 

Assistant Professor of English 
2447 

http:// www .shorter .edu 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH. Ph.D. in hand by August 
2008. Preference will be given to those with a specialization in 
early British literature or composition and rhetoric. Teaching responsibilities 
will include both lower-division and upper-division courses, at 
a teaching-oriented institution. Send a cover letter naming position, resume, 
transcripts, at least three professional references, and statements of 



teaching and religious philosophies to: Mrs. Brenda Newman, Director 
of Human Resources, Shorter College, Box 2119, 315 Shorter Avenue, 
Rome, Georgia, 30165, or bnewman@ shorter .edu. Deadline is February 
29, 2008. Shorter College, A Georgia Baptist Convention institution 
may be visited at www .shorter .edu. EOE [R] 

U of Georgia 

En­glish, 254 Park Hall Athens GA 30602 

Assistant Professor in Medieval English 
Literature 2281 

http:// www .english 
.uga .edu 

Tenure-track assistant professorship in Medieval English 
literature, with 
a research emphasis on the 13th, 14th, and/or 15th centuries and teaching 
competence throughout the period. PhD required, and demonstrated 
potential of strong teaching and publication in the field. Competitive salary; 
2/2 load at the graduate and undergraduate levels, including Chaucer. 
Send cover letter, vita, three letters of reference, and 20–25 page writing 
sample to Douglas Anderson, Acting Head, Department of English, 
254 
Park Hall, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602-6205. To ensure full 
consideration, applications must be received by December 21. We will interview 
at the MLA Convention. The Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, 
its many units, and the University of Georgia are committed to 
increasing the diversity of our faculty and students, and sustaining a work 
and learning environment that is inclusive. The University is an EEO/AA 
employer. 


U of Georgia 

En­glish, 254 Park Hall Athens GA 30602 

Academic Professional 2392 

http:// www .english 
.uga .edu 

The Department of English, 
Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, and 
Center for Teaching and Learning of the University of Georgia seek an 
Academic Professional to teach 2/2 mostly upper-division writing courses 
in English 
(e.g., Advanced Composition, Technical Writing, Writing for 
the Web) and to coordinate a new university Writing Certificate Program. 
The position requires a Ph.D. in English, 
Rhetoric, Composition, 
Education or a comparable, related field; teaching, research and/or administrative 
experience, and excellent inter-personal skills. This is a full-time, 
nine-month renewable appointment, with competitive salary, opportunities 
for summer employment, and the prospect of advancement to Senior 
Academic Professional. Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of reference to Prof. Nelson Hilton, CTLInstructional 
Plaza, UGA, Athens GA 30602 (email with .rtf attachments 
ok-nhilton@ uga .edu) by 27 January 2008. The Franklin College of Arts 
and Sciences, its many units, and the University of Georgia are committed 
to increasing the diversity of our faculty and students, and sustaining 
a work and learning environment that is inclusive. The University is an 
EEO/AA institution. 

U of Georgia 

En­glish, 254 Park Hall Athens GA 30602 

Assistant Professor in English 
Renaissance Literature 2290 

http:// www .english 
.uga .edu 

The Department of English 
at the University of Georgia seeks applications 
for a tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level from those specializing 
in literature of the English 
Renaissance. The position offers a 2– 
2 teaching load. The successful applicant must have a promising research 
program in the area, a strong teaching record, and the PhD in hand by 
August 1, 2008. Applications should include a letter, a curriculum vitae, 
and a list of three referees. Applications received by December 21, 2007 
are assured of full consideration. Email submissions with attachments are 
preferred (PDF or RTF). Please send materials to Professor Fran Teague 
(fteague@ uga .edu). In lieu of email submission, written applications may 
be directed to: Fran Teague, Renaissance Search Chair, Department of 
English, 
Park Hall 254, University of Georgia, Athens, Georgia 30602. 
The Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, its many units, and the University 
of Georgia are committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty 
and students, and sustaining a work and learning environment that is inclusive. 
The University is an EEO/AA institution. 

Illinois 

Columbia C 

En­glish, 600 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605 

Visiting Poet: the Elma Stuckey Liberal Arts and Sciences Emerging Poet-in- 
Residence 2559 

Annual, one-year nonrenewable position: starts August 2008. Poets from 
underrepresented communities and/or those who bring diverse cultural, 
ethnic, theoretical, and national perspectives to their writing and teaching 
are particularly encouraged to apply. Position is named for Elma Stuckey, 
a poet born in Memphis who lived in Chicago for more than 40 years. 
Author of The Big Gate (1976) and The Collected Poems of Elma Stuckey 
(1987), she has been described as “the A.E. Housman of slavery”—a poet 
who recast for contemporary readers “those things that were kept from 
the ears of the unknowing slavemasters.” Successful candidate will teach 
one course per semester (undergraduate workshop, craft, and/or literature 
seminars), give a public reading, and possibly supervise a small number of 
graduate theses. Qualified candidates will have received an M.F.A. in poetry, 
or Ph.D. in English 
(with creative dissertation), or other relevant terminal 
degree in past five years; demonstrate excellence and experience in 
college-level teaching; and have strong record of publication in national 
literary magazines. Salary: $30,000 for the year. Send cover letter, CV, 
5-page sample of published poetry (photocopies are fine), sample syllabus 
for undergraduate or graduate-level poetry workshop or literature course, 
three letters of recommendation (at least one should address teaching), and 
statement of teaching philosophy to: Tony Trigilio, Director, Creative 
Writing-Poetry, Columbia College Chicago, 600 South Michigan Avenue, 
Chicago, IL, 60605. Review of applications begins March 1 and will 
continue until position is filled. The Creative Writing-Poetry Program 
has a commitment to excellence in teaching and is founded upon strong 
ties between the study of literature and the practice of creative expression, 
and features the only undergraduate creative writing-poetry BA program 
in the country and a single-genre MFA program, a national reading series 
featuring monthly readings, and two national literary magazines: Columbia 
Poetry Review and Court Green. Columbia College Chicago is 
an urban institution of over 12,000 undergraduate and graduate students, 
emphasizing arts, media, and communications in a liberal arts setting. 
Columbia College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, 
international & minority classified individuals to apply for all positions. 

Columbia C Chicago 

Columbia College, 600 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago IL 60605 

Lecturer-New Millenium Studies: The First-Year Seminar 2005 

New Millennium Studies: The First-Year Seminar (NMS) is an integrative, 
foundational course in the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
required of all Columbia College Chicago first-year students. A signature 
course for the College, it is fully interdisciplinary in its curriculum, 
faculty, and pedagogy. Through a series of carefully framed thematic 
questions and common texts, students and teachers move through four sequential 
units: beginning with reflections on the familiar (families, neighborhoods, 
communities); through considerations of the moral and ethical 
choices made by individuals and their communities; and into explorations 
of why art matters within society and how art mediates between identities 
and cultures. Students are assessed primarily through a New Millennium 
Studies portfolio that is assembled over the course of the semester. Each 
portfolio contains projects that respond to the core questions and texts of 
each unit, as well as short Artist’s Statements that reflect on the creative 
process and demonstrate each piece’s engagement with the key questions 
of the curriculum. 



The New Millennium Studies Teaching Academy is an ongoing forum that 
brings together past, current, and future NMS faculty. The Teaching Academy 
prepares and supports NMS instructors, allowing faculty from disparate 
disciplines to develop and share effective methods of teaching, learning, 
and thinking. The Academy also provides the opportunity for NMS faculty 
to formulate and implement pedagogical and curricular innovations. 

Position Description 

A Lecturer in New Millennium Studies will teach four courses per semester; 
if possible, one section each semester will be in a Columbia department 
other than NMS. When appropriate, Lecturers will serve a 
leadership role in the NMS Teaching Academy, serving as an advocate 
for NMS at Columbia, locally, and nationally and aiding in designing and 
delivering professional development opportunities for NMS faculty. This 
is a one-year position renewable for up to five years. 

Qualifications o Master’s degree in an area taught at Columbia required; 
terminal degree preferred; o A record of excellence in undergraduate 
teaching, including courses for first-year students; o Evidence of success 
in integrating scholarly and/or creative practices in the service of liberal 
education; o Understanding of and commitment to the mission of Columbia 
College and the principles of liberal education; o Excellent communication 
skills, written and oral, and a gift for listening; o Flexibility, 
creativity, persistence, and a sense of humor. 

Columbia College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, 
international, and minority-classified individuals to apply for all positions. 
No phone calls, please. We offer a competitive salary and an excellent 
benefits package. To ensure full consideration, applications should be received 
by December 1, 2007. Complete applications will include a cover 
letter detailing qualifications for and interest in this particular position; 
a curriculum vitae or resume; and the names and contact information of 
three references. Materials may be submitted electronically (as Word or 
PDF documents) to NMSSearch@ colum .edu or sent in hard copy to: 

New Millennium Studies: The First-Year Seminar, Lecturer Search, Attn: 
Robert C. Lagueux, 600 S. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 60605 

Illinois C 

En­glish, 1101 W College Jacksonville IL 62650 

Claridge Writer-in-Residence (Creative Writing) 2505 

http:// www.ic.edu 

The Illinois College English 
Department invites applications for the 
newly-established Claridge Writer-in-Residence, a one-semester teaching 
position in Creative Writing, for the fall semester 2008 or spring semester 
2009. Primary responsibilities include teaching an introductory multiplegenre 
writing class and an advanced workshop in a genre of choice. The 
resident writer will also give public readings and work informally with 
student writers. 

The ideal candidate is a talented writer with publications in at least two 
genres, who is also an energetic, experienced teacher of writing. A MFA in 
Creative Writing is required. The application should include a substantial 
writing sample (a dozen poems or twenty pages of prose from at least two 
works), a curriculum vitae, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation. 
The application should also provide evidence of strong teaching. 

Send application materials to: Robert Koepp, English 
Department Chair, 
c/o Teresa Smith, Senior Administrative Assistant, Academic Affairs, Illinois 
College, 1101 W. College Avenue, Jacksonville, IL 62650. Review 
of applications will begin March 1, 2008, and will continue until the position 
is filled. 

Illinois College, a private, Phi Beta Kappa, liberal arts college located in 
central Illinois, is a dynamic academic community committed to teaching, 
scholarship and close collaboration between faculty and students. The 
College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages applications by 
women and underrepresented minorities. [R] 

Rockford C 

Human Resources, 5050 E State Street Rockford IL 61108 

Assistant Professor of English 
1556 

http:// www .rockford .edu 

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in composition and rhetoric. Preference 
will be given to candidates with secondary expertise in creative 
writing or world literature. The position is tenure track and begins in 
August 2008. We seek candidates with a demonstrable commitment to 
teaching excellence and service. The normal teaching load is four courses 
(12 hours) per semester, including lower-or upper-division courses in academic 
writing and rhetoric. Please mail letter of application, vita, statement 
of teaching philosophy, transcripts (copies accepted), and three 
letters of recommendation to Colleen Page, Chair, English 
Search Committee, 
5050 East State Street, Rockford, IL 61108. Applicants should 
submit a self-addressed postcard for acknowledgment of applications. For 
fullest consideration, postmark deadline is Friday 16 November. Phone 
interviews of selected candidates will be scheduled during the week of 
7 January. Applications will be reviewed until the position is filled. 

www .rockford .edu [R] 

Rockford C 

Human Resources, 5050 E State Street Rockford IL 61108 

Assistant Professor of English 
1557 

http:// www .rockford .edu 

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in American literature. Preference 
will be given to candidates with secondary expertise in creative writing or 
world literature. The position is tenure track and begins in August 2008. 
We seek candidates with a demonstrable commitment to teaching excellence 
and service. The normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per 
semester, including lower-or upper-division courses in academic writing 
and rhetoric. Please mail letter of application, vita, statement of teaching 
philosophy, transcripts (copies accepted), and three letters of recommendation 
to Colleen Page, Chair, English 
Search Committee, 5050 
East State Street, Rockford, IL 61108. Applicants should submit a self-addressed 
postcard for acknowledgment of applications. For fullest consideration, 
postmark deadline is Friday 16 November. Phone interviews of 
selected candidates will be scheduled during the week of 7 January. Applications 
will be reviewed until the position is filled. 

www .rockford .edu [R] 

Trinity Christian C 

En­glish, 6601 W College Dr Palos Heights IL 60463 

English-
Literature & Composition, Tenure track 1497 

http:// www .trnty .edu/ jobopenings/ 

Tenure-track faculty position in Literature and Composition in the English 
Department starting August 16, 2008. Open rank. 

Ph.D. required, with expertise in literary studies and composition. Experience 
in teaching and scholarship desired. Focus is on early American 
and/or Restoration and Eighteenth-Century 
literature (see http:// www 
.trnty .edu/ jobopenings/ e-lc .html). 

Seeking candidates who are professing Christians who support the goals 
of a strong liberal arts education in the tradition of Reformed Christian 
higher education. 

Rank and salary commensurate with experience. Benefits include health 
insurance, pension, life insurance, and disability insurance. 

All inquiries may be addressed to the Provost. Application form is also 
available online and can be submitted electronically to provost@ trnty 
.edu. 

Dr. Liz Rudenga, Provost, Trinity Christian College, 6601 West College 
Dr., Palos Heights, IL 60463, Phone: 708-239-4839, Fax: 708-239-3967 



Trinity is an equal opportunity employer 
and welcomes applications from 
diverse candidates. 

U of Chicago 

En­glish, 1115 E 58th St Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature 149 

http:// english 
.uchicago .edu 

REVISED-The Department of English 
at the University of Chicago is 
extending its search in the long eighteenth century (1650–1850) beyond 
the original November 1 application deadline. The search will remain 
open until we have made one or more appropriate appointments. 

The University of Chicago’s Department of English 
expects to appoint 
a scholar in British literature of the long eighteenth century at the rank 
of assistant or associate professor. The specific historical frame, generic 
or thematic focus, and conceptual orientation will be less important to 
the Department than the candidate’s long-term promise as an ambitious 
scholar and exceptional teacher. Ph.D. should be completed by the time of 
employment. Applications (cover letter, CV, dissertation or book abstract, 
three letters of recommendation) should be sent to Bill Brown, Chair, 
Department of English, 
University of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker 
Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. The University of Chicago is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Indiana 

U of Notre Dame 

Theology, 130 Malloy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Religion and Literature 1662 

http://al.nd.edu/ 

The College of Arts and Letters at the University of Notre Dame announces 
a tenure-track or tenured position for a scholar-teacher whose 
work explores religion and literature. The position is open with regard 
to discipline, and the candidate could be housed in English, 
Theology, 
or any of the Colleges several language and literature departments. Candidates 
should send a letter of application and a CV to Religion and Literature 
Search Committee, 100 OShaughnessy Hall, University of Notre 
Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556. Review of applications will begin on 
November 1, 2007. The preferred candidate will be sympathetic to and 
supportive of the mission of the University of Notre Dame, which seeks 
a distinctive educational and scholarly excellence founded on its Catholic 
identity. The University is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer 
with a strong commitment to fostering a culturally diverse atmosphere 
for faculty, staff, and students. Women and members of minority 
groups are especially encouraged to apply. The University particularly 
seeks candidates who demonstrate excellence in both teaching and research. 
Information about the College of Arts and Letters is available at 
http://al.nd.edu/ . [R] 

Iowa 

Central C 

Academic Affairs, 812 University St Pella IA 50219 

Assistant Professor of Communication Studies 2439 

http:// www .central .edu 

Central College invites applications for a tenure track assistant or associate 
professor position in Communication Studies to begin August 2008. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. (ABD considered), a strong commitment to teaching 
undergraduates in a liberal arts setting, and demonstrated teaching 
excellence. Responsibilities: teach courses in communication and media 
studies: Introduction to Communication Studies; Introduction to Journalism; 
Advanced Journalism, Media Criticism, and supervise the campus 
print and online newspapers. Teaching load is six courses per year, 
which includes a course release for serving as advisor for the print and 
online newspapers. Preference will be given to candidates with radio and/ 
or video production experience. Visit the college website at www .central 
.edu for details. 

Candidates should send (1) a letter of application that addresses teaching 
experience and research interests (2) a CV, (3) a statement of teaching 
philosophy, and (4) three confidential letters of reference addressing 
the candidate’s qualifications to: Dr. Paul Naour, Provost, Central College, 
812 University, Pella, Iowa 50219. Review of applications will begin 
immediately. Candidates recommended for employment are subject to a 
background investigation. AA/EOE [R] 

Grand View C 

En­glish, 1200 Grandview Av Des Moines IA 50316 

Assistant Professor of English-
Two Positions 2327 

http:// www .gvc .edu 

Grand View College is a Liberal Arts college that supports a diverse student 
population of approximately 1750 full and part-time students. A college 
of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, Grand View was 
founded in 1896 and is located in Des Moines, Iowa. Des Moines offers 
exceptional facilities for the enjoyment of lectures, concerts, museums, 
and other cultural opportunities. 

We seek two exceptional teachers with backgrounds in all levels of composition 
and experience in directing a Writing Center. The candidates 
will teach first-year composition, various advanced composition, introductory 
literature, and tutor training. We are especially interested in applicants 
who can work effectively in learning community environments 
and with students from a variety of backgrounds and age groups. 

Successful candidates should also have additional experience in any of the 
following areas: 1) essay writing; 2) visual rhetoric; 3) professional writing; 
4) creative writing; 5) developmental writing. 

The department is currently revising the major. We are looking for colleagues 
who are enthusiastic and visionary about helping us reshape the 
writing track. Ph.D. preferred; ABD considered. 

Application materials: Current curriculum vita, transcripts, three letters 
of recommendation and a letter of interest should be mailed (please do not 
e-mail materials) to: Grand View College, Attn: Human Resources, 1200 
Grandview Avenue, Des Moines, IA 50316-1599. Letters should address 
the candidates interest/ willingness to participate in a college that engages, 
equips and empowers students throughout the entire educational process 
as well as a statement about ones teaching philosophy and style. Applications 
must be postmarked by January 11, 2008. [R] 

Northwestern C 

En­glish, 101 Seventh St SW Orange City IA 51041 

Faculty Position in Composition/ Writing/ Rhetoric 2563 

http:// www .nwciowa .edu/ employment/ 

NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE (IOWA) seeks candidates for a tenure-
track position in Composition, Writing, and Rhetoric to begin fall 
2008, tentative upon approval. Applicants with specialization or teaching 
interests in the history and theory of rhetoric, creative writing, journalism, 
or English 
Education are encouraged to apply. RESPONSIBILITIES: 
The normal teaching load is three classes a semester. Course load 
for the year will include Freshman Composition, and courses in rhetoric 
and/or creative writing and/or journalism, and/or introduction to literary 
study, depending upon the candidates areas of expertise. QUALIFICATIONS: 
Advanced degree status (PhD, ABD, or MFA in Creative 
Writing) preferred. Candidates must have successful teaching experience. 
Other requirements include a strong Christian faith and a commitment 
to Christian liberal arts. Northwestern College is affiliated with the Reformed 
Church in America. DEPARTMENT: The successful candidate 
will participate in a small but active literature and rhetoric/ writing program 
within a collegial department of nine persons. For more information 




please visit www .nwciowa .edu. Send or email letters of interest, curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference to: Northwestern College/Dr. Jasper 
Lesage, VPAA/101 7th Street SW/Orange City, IA 51041/vpaa@ 
nwciowa .edu. DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: Open until filled. 
EOE. [R] 

Kansas 

Kansas SU 

En­glish, 108 ECS Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor of American Ethnic Studies 2450 

http:// www .ksu .edu/ 

The American Ethnic Studies Program (AMETH) at Kansas State University 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in American 
Ethnic Studies. Specialization is open to all relevant disciplines, with emphasis 
given to candidates involved in one of the programs four core areas: 
African-American, American Indian, Latino/a, and/or Asian-American 
Studies. We encourage candidates to apply whose research and teaching 
interests accommodate historical, literary, sociological, anthropological, 
education, interdisciplinary and/or comparative ethnic studies approaches. 

The person hired will play a key role in AMETHs pending new major, 
currently in final approval stages. Successful candidates are expected to 
possess a PhD by beginning date of appointment, present evidence of 
strong research potential, demonstrate teaching excellence, and value 
working with diverse students. Teaching load is 3/2, including an 
AMETH survey and upper-level courses in specialty. 

Kansas State is a land-grant university of 23,000 students. Information 
about the program and university can be found at: 

http:// www .k-state .edu/ ameth/ 

http:// www .k-state .edu 

Review of applications will begin on January 28, 2008 and continue until 
position is filled. Applicants should submit a letter of application, evidence 
of teaching effectiveness (i.e. sample syllabi, statement of teaching philosophy), 
a list of graduate courses completed, and a CV. Letters of reference 
and a writing sample will be solicited later. 

Please mail completed applications to: Lawrence Rodgers, Associate Dean 
and Search Chair, American Ethnic Studies, Leasure Hall, Kansas State 
University, Manhattan, KS 66506. Kansas State University is a committed 
Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Institution. Women, minorities, 
veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Kentucky 

Northern Kentucky U 

Lit & Lang, University Dr Highland Heights KY 41099 

Assistant Professor of English 
in Scientific, Technical, and Business 
Writing 1875 

http:// www .nku .edu/ ~litlang/ jobs .html 

Tenure Track. Ph.D. in Scientif ic, Technical, or Business Writing, or 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric/ Composition or English 
with a Professional Writing 
emphasis, required by August 15, 2008. Preference will be given to candidates 
with writing experience in the private and/or government sectors 
and with teaching and research interests in one or more of the following: 
program development, document design, new media, scientific writing 
and rhetoric, service learning and outreach, and alternative course delivery 
methods. We seek an outstanding teacher and promising scholar who 
will contribute to an existing undergraduate program in professional writing, 
to the development of graduate programs, and to interdisciplinary 
initiatives. Send letter of application stating teaching and research interests 
and curriculum vitae to Dr. Tom Bowers or Dr. Roxanne Kent-Drury, 
Co-chairs, Scientific, Technical, and Business Writing Search Committee, 
Department of Literature and Language, Northern Kentucky University, 
Highland Heights, KY 41099-1500. Review of applications will 
begin Nov. 1, 2007 and continue until the position is filled. Position dependent 
upon approval of funding. Northern Kentucky University is a 
learner-centered university in the Greater Cincinnati Area at which excellent 
teaching and scholarship, professional and institutional service, and 
public engagement are valued and rewarded. NKU is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Louisiana 

Louisiana SU, Shreveport 

En­glish, 1 University Pl Shreveport LA 71115 

Assistant Professor of English 
2080 

http:// www .lsus .edu 

The Department of English 
at Louisiana State University in Shreveport 
announces a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor in 
Twentieth-Century 
literature beginning Fall 2008. The successful candidate 
will be able to teach courses in poetry, fiction, and drama. Desirable 
secondary interests include rhetoric, multi-ethnic literature, film, 
technical writing, and/or ESL. Experience using instructional technology 
is expected. Preference will be given to applicants with an earned Ph.D. 
Along with advising and committee work, all faculty teach 12 hours per 
semester, including freshman composition and sophomore literature. Our 
MA in Liberal Arts program provides opportunities for graduate teaching. 
Regular scholarly activity is required for graduate-faculty membership, 
tenure, and promotion. Send a cover letter (including email address) 
and vita to Dr. Terry Harris, Department of English, 
LSUS, One University 
Place, Shreveport, LA 71115. Screening of applications begins immediately. 
We plan to interview at MLA. LSUS is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Louisiana Tech U 

En­glish, PO Box 3162 Ruston LA 71272 

Endowed Chair in Renaissance Literature 2169 

http:// www .latech .edu/ tech/ liberal-arts/ english/ 
index .htm 

The Department of English 
at Louisiana Tech University is seeking a Full 
or Associate Professor to fill the George E. Pankey Endowed Chair in 
Renaissance literature, with a specialization in Shakespeare studies. The 
candidate will teach one or two courses per quarter at the undergraduate 
or graduate level, be expected to maintain a strong national or international 
record of publication, and advance the curricular vision of the department. 
A PhD in English 
required. Salary is competitive. Send a letter 
of application, curriculum vita, three recent letters of recommendation, 
and official transcripts to Dr. Donald P. Kaczvinsky, Department of English, 
Louisiana Tech University, Ruston, LA 71272. Review of applications 
will begin January 11, 2008 and continue until filled. Louisiana Tech 
University, a member of the University of Louisiana System, is an EEO/ 
AA employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Louisiana Tech U 

En­glish, PO Box 3162 Ruston LA 71272 

Assistant/ Associate Professor in Technical Writing 2170 

http:// www .latech .edu/ tech/ liberal-arts/ english/ 
index .htm 

The Department of English 
is seeking one, possibly two, tenure-track Assistant 
or Associate Professors of Technical Writing. PhD in English 
or 
Technical Writing required. Evidence of potential for publication, as well 
as experience in electronic learning or web-course design, desired. The 
Department offers a minor and concentration in technical writing at the 
undergraduate level, a graduate e-certificate, and an MA in English 
with 
the option of selecting Technical Writing as one of four areas of study. Salary 
is competitive. Applications will be reviewed beginning December 14, 
2007 and will continue until position is filled. Send a letter of application, 



curriculum vita, unofficial transcripts, and three current references with 
telephone numbers to Dr. Donald P. Kaczvinsky, Department of English, 
Louisiana Tech University, Ruston, LA 71272. Louisiana Tech University, 
a member of the University of Louisiana System, is an EEO/AA employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Nicholls SU 

Langs & Lits, Box 2023 University Station Thibodaux LA 70310 

The Belle and Leonard Toups Endowed Chair in English 
1995 

http:// www .nicholls .edu/hr/opportunities .htm 

(Begins Fall 2008) 

The holder of this chair should be an eminent scholar and a model teacher 
whose record of research in writing pedagogy and theory, or a closely 
related field, qualifies the occupant to provide leadership for the writing 
programs at Nicholls State University. Ph.D. required in rhetoric, composition 
theory, technical communications, or literature in which writing is 
a main focus. Teaching load: 2 classes per semester. Salary: Commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Deadline: none. Send letter of application, 
vita, transcripts, and three letters of reference to Dr. B.R. Asrabadi, 
Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, P.O. Box 2020, Nicholls State 
University, Thibodaux, LA 70310. Inquiries: Dr. Asrabadi (-985-448- 
4386) Nicholls is an EOE/AA/ADA employer. 
For a longer description 
of this position, visit the Nicholls web site http:// www .nicholls .edu/hr/opportunities 
.htm [R] 

U of Louisiana, Lafayette 

En­glish, PO Box 44691 Lafayette LA 70504 

Assistant Professor of English 
2434 

http:// english 
.louisiana .edu 

Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2008. Ethnic Studies, Multicultural 
Literature, Ecological Approaches, and related f ields. Duties: teaching 
undergraduate and graduate courses, serving on M.A. and Ph.D. committees, 
directing theses and dissertations, departmental service (e.g., advising, 
departmental and university committees), publishing in field, and 
other duties associated with holding a university position. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English, 
record of professional activities, publications, and teaching 
experience. Salary competitive. Minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. Send letter of application, CV, and names and addresses of three 
references to Professor Marcia Gaudet, Department Head, Department of 
English, 
University of Louisiana at Lafayette, P.O. Box 44691, Lafayette, 
LA 70504-4691. Applications will be reviewed as they arrive. UL Lafayette 
is a selective-admissions, state-supported university of 16,300 students 
located in the heart of the Acadian-Creole region. The department 
offers the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. in English, 
with graduate concentrations 
in Rhetoric, Creative Writing, Folklore, and Linguistics. AA/EEO 
compliant. [R] 

Maine 

Bates C 

En­glish, 305 College St Lewiston ME 04240 

Visiting Assistant Professor in Medieval Literature 2558 

http:// www .bates .edu/ faculty-positions-available .xml 

The Bates College Department of English 
invites applications for a oneyear 
Visiting Assistant Professor position in Medieval literature. Courses 
include Chaucer, introductory colloquia on Medieval literature, and 
upper-division courses developed by the candidate. Some advising of senior 
theses may be included. Courses will be cross-listed with the Classical 
and Medieval Studies program. Please see the online description of 
this program (http:// www .bates .edu/ CMS .xml). The teaching load is five 
courses per year, one of which may be in the five-week Short Term in 
May. PhD preferred, ABD considered. 

Review of applications will begin March 1 and continue until the position 
is filled. Please send a letter of application, c.v., writing sample, syllabi 
from courses taught, and 3 letters of recommendation to: 

Medieval Literature Search, R2213, c/o Off ice of Academic Services, 
Bates College, 2 Andrews Rd, 7 Lane Hall, Lewiston, ME 04240 

Bates College values a diverse college community and seeks to assure 
Equal Opportunity through a continuing and effective Affirmative Action 
program. 

U of Maine 

En­glish, 304 Neville Hall Orono ME 04469 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Composition Studies 1714 

http:// www .umaine .edu/ english/ 


PhD in composition/ rhetoric or related field in hand by 9/1/08. The 
successful applicant for this tenure-track position will teach and develop 
courses for undergraduate and graduate concentrations in composition 
and will have the opportunity to assist in the training of teaching 
assistants. Successful teaching experience in college-level writing courses 
and demonstrated scholarly potential required. Experience in Writing 
Across the Curriculum, Writing in the Disciplines, or program administration 
welcome. The anticipated teaching load is five courses per 
year. Send portfolio including letter of interest, c.v., statement of teaching 
philosophy, scholarly writing sample, and letters of recommendation 
to Search Committee, Department of English, 
304 Neville Hall, University 
of Maine, Orono, Maine 04469-5752. Review of applications 
will begin November 1 and continue until a viable pool of candidates is 
identified. The University of Maine is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

Maryland 

Villa Julie C 

En­glish, 1525 Greenspring Valley Rd Stevenson MD 21153 

Assistant Professor of English 
Language and Literature 2274 

http:// www .vjc .edu 

Villa Julie College (VJC) is a rapidly growing and dynamic independent 
college with a career-focused liberal arts curriculum. Located just north 
of Baltimore, with a student body of approximately 3000 and 1200 resident 
students, VJC offers master’s and bachelor’s degrees and accelerated 
adult programs. 

VJC seeks a full-time assistant professor for Fall 2008 with a specialization 
in post Early Modern dramatic literature (a background in multicultural 
or world literature, a plus). 

Qualifications and responsibilities: Ph.D. in English 
with teaching experience. 
The position will carry a 12 credit per semester course load— 
including 
first year composition and student advising. 

Submit: Letter of intent with teaching statement, and curriculum vita at 
http:// apps .vjc .edu/ employment/ regular. EOE/M/F/V/D [R] 

Massac husetts 

Amherst C 

Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought, 208 Clark House Amherst 
MA 01002 

Visitor 2517 

http:// https:// cms .amherst .edu/ academiclife/ departments/ ljst 

Amherst College’s Department of Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought 
invites applications for a one year visiting appointment for the 2008–09 
academic year. Teaching responsibilities include two courses per semester 
and supervision of senior honors projects. We welcome applications from 



persons trained in the social science, humanities, and/or law. We are particularly 
interested in candidates whose research and teaching is in one or 
more of the following areas: jurisprudence and modern legal theory, interpretation 
in law and literature, legal institutions and democratic practice, 
international criminal law, law and popular culture, law and the arts, 
law and science. 

Candidates should send a curriculum vitae, a sample of their scholarship, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Professor Austin Sarat, c/o 
Ms. Karen Underwood, Department of Law, Jurisprudence and Social 
Thought, Amherst College, 74 College Street, Amherst, MA 01002. We 
will begin reviewing applications on March 1, 2008. 

Amherst College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages 
women, persons of color, and persons with disabilities to apply. The administration, 
faculty, and student body are committed to attracting qualified 
candidates from groups currently underrepresented on campus. [R] 

Clark U 

For Lang & Lit, 950 Main St Worcester MA 01610 

Henry J. Leir Chair in Foreign Languages and Cultures 1172 

http:// www .clarku .edu 

Clark University seeks a candidate to occupy the newly established Henry 
J. Leir Chair in Foreign Languages and Cultures. We encourage applications 
from distinguished teacher-scholars with interest in European Studies. 
The Leir Chair will assume responsibility for: 

-developing a set of comparative and interdisciplinary courses focusing on 
national identity and culture and how they relate to language, concepts 
central to Clark’s innovative National Imagination course, 

-establishing programmatic and research linkages with other departments 
and programs at Clark, and 

-generating conferences, symposia, and other projects related to Clarks 
international profile. 

The Search Committee will begin reading applications on October 15 
and does not plan to interview at the MLA. We expect to make a tenured 
appointment at the rank of advanced Associate or early Full Professor. A 
letter of application, CV and three letters of recommendation may be sent 
via e-mail to: Leirsearch@ clarku .edu or as hard copy to: 

Prof. Marvin DLugo, Director of the Henry J. Leir Search Committee, 
Department of Foreign Languages, Clark University, 950 Main Street, 
Worcester, MA 01610-1477 

AA/EO employer. 
Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. 

Emerson C 

Writing, Lit, & Publishing, 120 Boylston St Boston MA 02116 

One-Year Term Position in Expository Writing 1575 

http:// www .emerson .edu 

The Department of Writing, Literature and Publishing seeks to fill a oneyear 
Term position in Expository Writing. A Term faculty appointment is 
a full-time, non-tenure track appointment that may be renewed depending 
on the needs of the department. The appointment is for the 2008–09 
academic year beginning September 1, 2008. 

A terminal degree (PhD or MFA) is required. Qualified candidates must 
have proven experience teaching composition to join the faculty of Emersons 
Freshman Expository Writing Seminars. The successful candidate 
must have proven experience and excellence teaching composition to 
join the faculty of Emersons First-Year Writing Program (FYWP), work 
closely with the Director of the FYWP, and help mentor graduate student 
teachers from the departments MFA program in Creative Writing 
and MA program in Publishing and Writing. The teaching load is three 
courses per semester. 

Emerson College values and has placed an institutional priority on multiculturalism 
in the campus community. Through its constantly evolving 
curriculum it seeks to prepare students for success in an increasingly multicultural 
society. The successful candidate must have the ability to work 
effectively with faculty, students, and staff from diverse backgrounds. 
Members of historically under-represented groups are encouraged to 
apply. Emerson College is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
that encourages 
diversity in its workplace. 

Please visit our Emerson College faculty employment page to view the complete 
job description and application instructions before applying: http:// 
www .emerson .edu/ academic_ affairs/ faculty/ Faculty-Employment .cfm 

Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample, and three 
letters of recommendation to Arlene Lyons, First-Year Writing Program 
Search Coordinator, The Department of Writing, Literature, and Publishing, 
Emerson college, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. Review 
of applications will begin November 15, 2007 and continue until 
the position is filled. [R] 

Fitchburg SC 

En­glish, 160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 2307 

http:// fsc .edu/ humanres 

Please visit our jobsite at jobs .fsc .edu as the preferred application method 
and detailed job description. 

General Statement of Duties: Full-time, tenure-track assistant professor 
to teach a wide range of courses in Film Studies, with a concentration in 
transnational film/ literature, cultural studies, and/or scriptwriting. Ability 
to teach on the graduate level, as well as first-year writing. Requires 
doctorate in English 
or Film Studies or related field. 

Please submit cover letter, CV, three professional references and statement 
of teaching philosophy and writing sample. 

Full-time, 9 month Benefited Position 

Salary Commensurate with Qualifications and Experience and the MSCA 
Bargaining Agreement 

Fitchburg SC 

En­glish, 160 Pearl St Fitchburg MA 01420 

Assistant Professor/ British Romanticism 2280 

http:// fsc .edu/ humanres 

Please visit jobs .fsc .edu for detailed job descriptions and as the preferred 
application method. 

Assistant Professor in British Romanticism: 

General Statement of Duties: Full-time, tenure-track assistant professor 
to teach a wide range of courses in British Romanticism, with a concentration 
in continental literature, gender studies, cultural studies and/or 
classical literature. Ability to teach first-year writing, survey, and graduate-
level courses. Requires doctorate in English. 


Please submit letter of interest, CV, three professional references and statement 
of teaching philosophy. 

Full-time, 9 month Benefited Positions 

Salary Commensurate with Qualifications and Experience and the MSCA 
Bargaining Agreement 

Gordon C 

En­glish, 255 Grapevine Rd Wenham MA 01984 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
literature 2377 

http:// www .gordon .edu. 

Gordon Colleges English 
Department anticipates an opening for a tenuretrack 
Generalist position in British Literature (with specialization open) 
at the Assistant or Associate Professor level. Secondary interests in literary 
criticism and/or comparative literature will be especially appreciated. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by August 2008. 

The successful candidate is expected to embrace the mission of integrating 
faith and learning and be willing to teach core curriculum, British 



literature 
surveys, and upper-division courses, with a 3/3 load. Candidates 
should demonstrate potential for excellence in teaching and scholarship 
and be enthusiastically committed to teaching undergraduates at a college 
committed to historic evangelical Christianity. Other responsibilities include 
committee service, mentoring and advising students and participating 
in scholarly, departmental, and college activities. 

Gordon College is a member of the elite Annapolis Group, a consortium 
of the nation’s leading liberal arts institutions and among the premiere 
Christian liberal arts colleges in the country. Gordon offers excellent 
academics, a strong sense of community and an atmosphere of open intellectual 
inquiry and personal responsibility within the framework of 
Christian faith. Gordon College is located in a classic New England 
town 
on Bostons North Shore. 

Please submit letter of application, vita with references, sample of academic 
writing, and a two-page statement of Christian commitment and its implications 
for scholarship and teaching via U.S mail to Dr. Kina Mallard, 
Academic Dean, Gordon College, 255 Grapevine Road, Wenham, MA 
01984. Position will remain open until filled. We plan to interview at the 
MLA Convention in Chicago. 

For more information visit our web page at www .gordon .edu. 

Massachusetts Inst of Tech 

Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, Bldg 14E Room 303 
Cambridge MA 02139 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of Nonfiction Prose or Media 
Production 1578 

http:// web .mit .edu/ humanistic/ www/ 

MIT’s Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies in the School of Humanities, 
Arts and Social Science is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor 
in nonfiction prose or media production to start in the Fall of 2008. 
Candidates should have a Ph.D. or equivalent professional experience 
with significant publications, productions, or research. The field of specialization 
may be in the contemporary practice or history of one or more 
of the following: nonfiction prose; the arts; biography; environmental and 
nature writing; rhetoric; documentary in conventional or digital forms; 
and digital media practice. Applicants should have teaching experience. 
Please send a letter of application, C.V., three letters of recommendation, 
and hard copy samples of your research and publications to Prof. James 
G. Paradis, Head, Program in Writing and Humanistic Studies, Room 
14E-303, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge 02139. Our 
committee will begin reviewing applications in December, 2007. MIT is 
an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Westfield SC 

En­glish, PO Box 1630 577 Western Av Westfield MA 01086 

Assistant Professor English 1769 

http:// www .wsc.ma.edu 

Westfield State College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor specializing in business and technical writing to begin Fall 
2008. Candidates should have experience in teaching business writing, 
technical writing, and composition. Interest in developing other courses 
in professional writing and strength in new media, writing for the web, 
and/or rhetoric desired. Four courses per semester. Salary is competitive 
and commensurate with qualifications and experience. Minimum 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or appropriate field required. Candidates 
should have experience in teaching business writing, technical writing, 
and composition. 

Applications postmarked by December 12 will be under consideration for 
interviews at the MLA convention. 

Deadline Extension: Applications accepted until position is filled. 

AN ONLINE APPLICATION IS REQUIRED 

Please visit: http:// jobs .wsc.ma.edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50829 
to review a more detailed job description and minimum qualifications, 
submit an online application, and attach required documents. If you need 
assistance, please call 413-572-8158. 

Westfield State College is committed to building a culturally diverse faculty 
and staff dedicated to teaching and working in a multi-cultural environment. 
The college strongly encourages applications from women, 
minorities, and individuals with disabilities. 

An Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
[R] 

Michiga n 

C for Creative Studies 

Liberal Arts, 201 East Kirby Detroit MI 48202 

Full-Time Faculty-Liberal Arts, Visual Culture/ Critical Studies (Non- 
Western) 2295 

http:// www .ccscad .edu 

The Liberal Arts Department at the College for Creative Studies invites 
applications for a full-time faculty member in Visual Culture/ Critical 
Studies (Non-Western). Interested candidates should have a non-western 
subject specialty and be capable of teaching a broad spectrum of subjects 
and themes including a range of visual culture courses in historic or 
contemporary periods; History of Design and/or Graphic Design; Film, 
Media Studies, Semiotics, Ethnic Studies; and at least one interdisciplinary 
freshmen seminar each semester. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in Visual Culture, Critical Studies, 
or relevant field of study such as Media Studies; promise of scholarly distinction 
and teaching excellence; college-level teaching experience preferred. 

For complete details please visit our web site at www .ccscad .edu 

Interested individuals should forward their current curriculum vitae, 
teaching philosophy statement, and the contact information for at least 
three references to: College for Creative Studies, Office of Human Resources, 
201 E. Kirby, Detroit MI 48202-4034, hr@ ccscad .edu 

Lawrence Tech U 

Humanities, 21000 W Ten Mile Rd Southfield MI 48075 

Assistant Professor of English 
631 

http:// www .ltu .edu/ arts_ sciences/ humanities_ss_comm/ undergra 

Lawrence Technological University, the Detroit Metropolitan Region’s 
premiere private university, is seeking an assistant professor in any area 
of English 
and American literature, with a secondary concentration in 
creative writing and/or technical writing, to teach in a new, innovative 
English 
program that combines creative writing, literature, and technology. 
This position is tenure-track. The successful candidate will have 
the opportunity to teach a wide range of courses including a great books 
sequence in a core curriculum to majors and non-majors, composition, 
creative writing, and upper-level courses in the candidate’s area of expertise. 
Experience with technology a plus. Ph.D. in literature required. 4/4 
load with some administrative duties. Candidates must show potential for 
scholarship and interest in guiding undergraduate research. Publications 
in creative writing or technical writing a plus. Please send CV and three 
letters of recommendation to Dr. Melinda Weinstein, Associate Professor, 
Humanities, College of Arts and Sciences, 21000 West Ten Mile Road, 
Southfield, MI 48075-1058. Deadline: December 15, 2007. We will be 
interviewing at the MLA conference in Chicago. [R] 

Macomb Comm C 

Communications, 14500 Twelve Mile Rd Warren MI 48093 

Instructor of English 
(2 positions) 2463 

http:// www .macomb .edu/ jobsatmacomb 

Primary responsibility will be to teach composition, develop /modify curriculum, 
refine /modify course syllabi. Masters degree in English. 
$43,071 
$64,607 comm w/exp, plus potential for overload comp up to $22,000. 



Benefits. To ensure consideration, required application materials must be 
received by 2/18/08. For more information, visit www .macomb .edu/ jobsatmacomb, 
or call 586.445.7885. Submit to Macomb Community College, 
Human Resources, 14500 E. 12 Mile Road, Warren, MI 48088. 

AA/EEO Employer 

Michigan Relay Center 1.800.649.3777 (Voice and TDD). 

Marygrove C 

En­glish & Mod Langs, 8425 W McNichols Rd Detroit MI 48221 

Assistant Professor of English 
1682 

http:// www .marygrove .edu 

Marygrove College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
in English 
to begin in August 2008. Possible areas of expertise 
may include Shakespeare, drama, comparative literature, ethnic literatures, 
and composition. Ph.D. required. We seek an energetic teacher, an 
active scholar, and a dependable colleague who will participate enthusiastically 
in an ambitious schedule of undergraduate and graduate programs 
and activities, including reading series, literary journals, and student-oriented 
activities. Normal teaching load: twelve credit hours per semester. 
Because Marygrove College is committed to maintaining a faculty that 
reflects its diverse student body, we encourage applications from members 
of communities traditionally underrepresented in college faculties. 
We will interview at the MLA. Send application letter, vita, unofficial 
transcript, and three letters of recommendation by December 1, 2007, to: 
Donald E. Levin, Chair, English 
and Modern Languages Department, 
Marygrove College, 8425 West McNichols Road, Detroit, MI 48221- 
2599. [R] 

Michigan SU 

Residential College in the Arts and Humanities, 524 S. Kedzie East 
Lansing MI 48824 

Assistant Professor, Writing & Rhetoric in Transcultural Contexts 2140 

http:// www .rcah .msu .edu 

Tenure system. 

Academic appointment. 

Salary commensurate with experience. 

The Residential College in the Arts and Humanities (RCAH) is a fouryear 
degree-granting college at Michigan State University with a structured 
curriculum that emphasizes transcultural history, literature, visual 
and performing arts, composition, language immersion, civic engagement, 
and social justice. Writing and composition in various forms are 
an integral part of the curriculum. The RCAH offers students a unique 
opportunity to work closely with faculty and visiting artists and writers in 
a state-of-the art learning and residential environment. Students, faculty, 
visitors, and staff explore modes of cultural expression in carefully organized 
workshops, tutorials, and seminars. They learn to communicate and 
navigate within the evolving cultural milieus that define our contemporary 
world through study abroad and off campus programs. For additional 
information on the College, see http:// rcah .msu .edu. 

Duties: Teaching will include regular participation in the first-year writing 
sequence, with opportunities to develop and teach courses across the 
curriculum, including creative workshops, civic engagement courses, 
first-year seminars, and other electives in candidates area of specialization. 
Co-curricular programming, mentoring, and advising will also be part 
of faculty responsibilities. Research expectations are commensurate with 
a teaching intensive program within a research university. RCAH faculty 
have opportunities to apply for both College-and University-funded 
research leaves. College and university committee service will gradually 
become part of the regular workload, and there will be opportunities for 
community service. 

Qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric and Composition Studies or related field 
by time of appointment, or terminal degree in another discipline with 
relevant teaching experience. Candidates with experience and interest in 
productive arts are encouraged to apply. Proven successful teaching at the 
university level. Experience and knowledge of engaged learning in residential, 
study abroad, or study-away programs will be especially desired. 

Applications: Review of submissions will begin December 1, 2007. Late 
submissions will be considered if a suitable candidate pool is not identified 
by the deadline. Preliminary interviews will be conducted by phone or at 
the Modern Language Association annual convention December 27–30. 
Position to begin on August 16, 2008. Michigan State University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
The University actively 
encourages applications and/or nominations of women, persons of color, 
veterans, and persons with disabilities. Persons with disabilities have the 
right to request and receive reasonable accommodation. 

Send curriculum vitae, transcript of doctoral study, contact information 
for three professional references, and a letter of application summarizing 
teaching and research relevant to the residential college setting. Submit 
materials to Dr. David Sheridan, Residential College in the Arts and Humanities, 
Michigan State University, 524 South Kedzie Hall, East Lansing, 
MI 48824-1032. [R] 

Oakland U 

En­glish, Squirrel Rd Rochester MI 48309 

Assistant Professor of Modern Drama 2385 

http:// www2.oakland .edu/ english 


Oakland University seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor in English 
literature with a specialization in Modern Drama, beginning 8/15/08. 
Secondary teaching interests open. Ph.D. in hand by August 2008. Competitive 
salary and benef its, 3/2 load. Teaching experience required; 
publication expected. We seek an individual with evidence of genuine 
enthusiasm for teaching undergraduate general education courses, as well 
as specialized majors and masters level graduate courses. 

In order to receive full consideration, please send letter (including teaching 
interests), c.v., writing sample, dossier, and sample teaching materials 
to Professor Susan E. Hawkins, Chair, Department of English, 
Oakland 
University, Rochester, MI 48309-4479. Application will be acknowledged 
by letter. The position will remain open until f illed. Oakland 
University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
and encourages 
applications from women and minorities. For more information 
on the Department of English 
at Oakland University, visit http:// www2. 
oakland .edu/ english/. 
[R] 

Minnesota 

Concordia C 

En­glish, 901 8th St S Moorhead MN 56562 

Assistant Professor of Composition 2309 

http:// www .cord .edu/ About/ Jobs/ faculty .php#English 


Full-time, three-year contract with possible renewal and/or conversion to 
tenure track. 3/3 load includes 2–3 sections every semester in our innovative 
first-year college writing program involving interdisciplinary teaching 
collaboration. Additional expertise desirable in one or more of the 
following: composition theory, developmental composition, writing in 
the disciplines, technical writing, business writing, ESL/ ELL, introductory 
literature, African and/or African American Studies, Asian and/or 
Asian American Studies, GLBT studies, global studies, environmental 
studies, cultural studies, or service learning. Ph.D. in English 
or Composition 
preferred by start date in August 2008. Demonstrated commitment 
to and excellence in teaching college writing required. International 
and/or intercultural experience desired. Applicants should be in sympathy 
with the mission of a liberal arts college of the Lutheran (ELCA) church, 
which entails a commitment to academic freedom and active discussion 
about the relationship between faith and learning. 



Send letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, and transcripts 
to Dr. Jonathan Steinwand, Department of English, 
Concordia 
College, 901 8th Street South, Moorhead, MN 56562 

Applications will be accepted until January 31, 2008, or until the position 
is filled. EOE [R] 

Concordia U, St Paul 

En­glish & Mod Langs, 275 N Syndicate St Paul MN 55104 

Assistant Professor of English 
2000 

http:// www .csp .edu 

Concordia University St. Paul, Minnesota seeks nominations and applications 
for a tenure-track faculty position in English. 
Teaching responsibilities 
include beginning and advanced print journalism, general education 
composition courses, and other writing courses as needed (e.g., business 
communications, public relations writing). Other responsibilities include 
advising the student newspaper staff as well as building and promoting a 
fledgling writing program. A normal teaching load is 12 credits per semester. 
A Ph.D. in English, 
Composition, Rhetoric or Journalism is preferred. 
A Masters degree will be considered. Prior teaching experience 
is required. Applicants are expected to advise and mentor students, recruit 
for the university, and engage in other forms of service to the university, 
church, profession, and community. Salary will be competitive. 
Completed applications must include application letter, curriculum vitae, 
graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation. Review of applications 
will begin December 1 and will continue until the position is 
filled. Normal starting date is August 1, 2008. Send all materials to Dr. 
Robert DeWerff, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Concordia University, 
St. Paul, 275 Syndicate Street North, St. Paul, MN 55104-5494. 
Applications will be acknowledged by letter. Concordia University, St. 
Paul is committed to promoting diversity in its faculty so that it reflects its 
student body; minorities are encouraged to apply. This position requires 
commitment to the mission of Concordia University-St. Paul. Because 
Concordia is an institution of the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod, active 
members of Lutheran churches may be given preference. [R] 

Mississippi 

Mississippi SU 

En­glish, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor 2228 

http:// www .msstate .edu/ dept/ english 


Assistant Professor. The African American Studies Program at Mississippi 
State University invites applications for a tenure-track position beginning 
on August 16, 2008. The position is a joint appointment with the department 
of Political Science, the department of English, 
or the department of 
Sociology, Anthropology and Social Work, depending on the candidate’s 
area of expertise. The successful candidate will devote 50% of his or her 
research, teaching, and service efforts to African American Studies and 
50% to the department where he or she will be tenured. While the area of 
specialization is open, preference will be given to candidates who have a 
strong interdisciplinary background, especially in the area of Africana or 
Ethnic Studies, with a research focus on African Americans or the African 
Diaspora. A teaching load of two courses per semester will usually include 
the Introduction to African American Studies, as well as upper-level undergraduate 
and graduate courses. 

A Ph.D. by time of appointment (August 2008), and evidence of successful 
teaching and publication in the subject area of the candidate are required. 
Mississippi State University is a Ph.D.-granting institution; therefore, an 
active record of scholarship is required for promotion and tenure. 

Salary is commensurate with qualifications. Review of applications will 
begin on January 16, 2008, and will continue until the position is filled. 
Please include your email address and a phone number in your letter to 
facilitate communication. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Stephen Middleton, Chair, African American 
Studies Search Committee, Mississippi State University, P.O. Box 846, 
Mississippi State, MS 39762-0846. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Mississippi State University 
is an AA/EOE. [R] 

U of Mississippi 

En­glish, PO Box 1848 C128 Bondurant Hall University MS 38677 

Assistant Professor of British Literature of the 18th Century 1900 

http:// jobs .olemiss .edu 

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of British Literature of the 18th Century, beginning Fall 
2008. We particularly welcome candidates with an interest in the broader 
field of Britain’s long 18th Century. Apply by visiting http:// jobs .olemiss 
.edu. The University of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/Title IX/Section 504/ 
ADA/ ADEA employer. 


For further information, contact Professor Greg Schirmer at eggas@ 
olemiss 
.edu. [R] 

Missouri 

Avila U 

En­glish, 11901 Wornall Rd Kansas City MO 64145 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric/ Composition 1715 

http:// avila .edu 

Avila University, a Catholic University with a strong commitment to the 
liberal arts, located in Kansas City, Missouri, is seeking a tenure track 
position in English 
rhetoric/ composition beginning Fall 2008. Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric/ Composition with evidence of strong teaching required. ABD 
considered with conversion to tenure-track upon completion of doctorate. 
Preference given to candidates with current scholarly interests in cultural 
rhetorics, Writing Across the Curriculum, professional and/or technical 
writing, community literacy and new media/ digital literacy. Primary 
responsibilities include collaborating with English 
Department Chair to 
implement writing initiatives and teaching undergraduate writing and literature 
courses. 

Teaching load is 4/4 with reductions for scholarly work. Research opportunities 
in community literacy, urban studies, cultural and visual 
rhetorics, or new media rhetorics. Candidates must demonstrate ability to 
work effectively with ethnically, culturally, and socio-economically diverse 
students. Send cover letter, CV, pedagogy statement, 15–20 page 
writing sample, and dossier to Marie Harris, CSJ, Provost, 11901 Wornall 
Rd, Kansas City, MO 64145 or Marie .Harris@ avila .edu. Interviews conducted 
at MLA or by phone. To ensure consideration, all materials must 
be received by December 1, 2007. EOE [R] 

Central Methodist U 

En­glish & Mod For Langs, 411 Central Methodist Sq Fayette 
MO 65248 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Medieval/ Early Modern Literature 2419 

http:// www .centralmethodist .edu 

Central Methodist University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
or Associate Professor to begin August 2008. Required: Ph.D. in Medieval/ 
Early Modern British literature by August 2008; one year teaching 
experience; demonstrated ability to conduct scholarly, publishable work. 
The 4/4 workload will include upper-division Medieval Literature, History 
of the English 
Language, Modern Grammar, and upper-and lowerdivision 
literature and writing courses. Submit letter of application, c.v., 
and names of three references with phone numbers and e-mail addresses. 
We especially invite applications from women and minorities. Review of 



applications begins 1 February 2008: Dr. John Healy, Department of English, 
Central Methodist University, 411 Central Methodist Square, Fayette, 
MO 65248-1192. CMU is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Saint Louis U 

En­glish, 3800 Lindell Blvd Humanities Bldg, Rm 127 St Louis 
MO 63108 

Walter J. Ong, S.J., Endowed Chair in Humanities 2275 

http:// slu .edu 

Saint Louis University, a Catholic, Jesuit institution dedicated to student 
learning, research, health care, and service, invites nominations and applications 
for the Walter J. Ong, S.J., Endowed Chair in Humanities. This 
distinguished professor will be a member of the English 
Department. The 
current Ong Professor, Thomas M. Shippey, is retiring at the end of the 
2007–08 academic year. The English 
Department seeks exceptional candidates 
whose scholarship and teaching have made major contributions to 
the study of language and literature. The area of specialization is open. 
The Department offers B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. degrees in literature and 
composition/ rhetoric. The Ong professor contributes to the full range of 
English 
Department programs, and participates in the community of Professors 
who hold Endowed Chairs in Arts and Sciences. Applications, including 
cover letter and c.v., should be filed online at http:// www .jobs .slu 
.edu. Nominations can be sent to Prof. Sara van den Berg, Department of 
English, 
Saint Louis University, 3800 Lindell Blvd., St. Louis MO 63108- 
3414. Email inquiries welcome to vandens@ slu .edu. Review of candidates 
will begin January 20, and will continue until the position is filled. 
Preliminary conversations can be held at the MLA convention. Saint 
Louis University is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer 
(AA/EOE), and encourages nominations of and applications from women 
and minority candidates. [R] 

U of Missouri, Columbia 

En­glish, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Assistant Professor 1884 

http:// english 
.missouri .edu 

Assistant Professor of English 


The English 
Department at the University of Missouri-Columbia seeks an 
assistant professor (tenure track) in African Diaspora Studies with demonstrated 
research and teaching excellence in one or more of the following 
areas: Caribbean Literature, Creative Writing, Folklore, and/or African 
Diaspora Literature of any period. Appointment begins August 2008. 

MU is the state’s flagship university. We offer generous research leaves for 
faculty, and the ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per semester. 
The person hired to fill this position will join four current faculty who 
teach in our African Diaspora Studies area. 

Send letter of application and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English 
Department, 
107 Tate Hall, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, 
MO 65211. Preference given to applications received by November 23. 
Applications will be acknowledged by department letter. The University 
of Missouri is an EOE/AA/ADA employer. 
[R] 

Washington U 

En­glish, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Professor or Associate Professor: English 
1169 

Professor or Associate Professor: English. 
Specialization in American literature 
and culture 1900-present. Subfields might include transnational, 
hemispheric, ethnic and queer literatures. Please submit application materials 
electronically (for guidance contact engchair@ artsci .wustl .edu), or 
contact Professor David Lawton (dalawton@ wustl .edu), Chair of English, 
Washington University, 1 Brookings Drive, Box 1122, Saint Louis, MO 
63130. Priority will be given to applications received by November 11, 
2007, but the search will continue until the position is filled. Washington 
University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
Applications 
from women and other members of underrepresented groups are especially 
encouraged. Employment eligibility verification required upon 
hire. [R] 

Nevada 

U of Nevada, Las Vegas 

En­glish, PO Box 455011, 4505 Maryland Pky Las Vegas NV 89154 

Rogers Professor/ Fellow of Post-Colonial Literature 1938 

http:// hrsearch .unlv .edu/ current_ vacancies .asp 

The Department of English 
seeks an advanced Associate Professor or Full 
Professor with an exceptionally distinguished record of publication and 
teaching to fill this newly created distinguished appointment. Candidates 
with interest in any of the following fields are especially welcome: Literature 
of the Americas/ Hemispheric, Post-Colonial Literature, Global/ 
World Literarture. The is a full-time, 9-month, tenured position as a Full 
Professor, beginning Fall 2008. UNLV is a rapidly growing research university, 
located in one of the most intriguingly postmodern and transnational 
urban landscapes in the world. The very competitive salary for this 
position will be attractive to those with national and international reputations 
in this field. For information contact Richard Harp, Chair, Rogers 
Professorship Search Committee, Department of English, 
University 
of Nevada, Las Vegas, 89154; e-mail Richard .Harp@ unlv .nevada .edu, 
UNLV is an AA/EEO employer. 
[R] 

U of Nevada, Las Vegas 

En­glish, PO Box 455011, 4505 Maryland Pky Las Vegas NV 89154 

Associate Professor of African American Literature and/or Black Diaspora 
Studies 2022 

The Department of English, 
University of Nevada, Las Vegas, invites applications 
for a full-time, 9-month, tenured position at the rank of Associate 
Professor in African American literature and/or Black diaspora studies. 
Assistant professors with sufficient research record for promotion are also 
eligible to apply. We seek applicants who work in any period or genre. 
Our department emphasizes its high quality Ph.D., M.A., and M.F.A. 
programs. The successful applicant will instruct at both the undergraduate 
and masters/ doctoral levels and will be expected to demonstrate a 
record of excellence in research, publications, and teaching. UNLV is a 
rapidly growing research university, located in one of the most intriguingly 
postmodern and transnational urban landscapes in the world. Salary 
competitive, contingent on labor market. Review of materials will begin 
November 1, 2007, and will continue until the position is filled . Materials 
should be addressed to Dr. Vincent Perez, Search Committee Chair, 
and are to be submitted via on-line application at https:// hrsearch .unlv 
.edu. For assistance with UNLVs on-line applicant portal, contact Jen 
Martens at (702) 895-3886 or email HRSearch/ UNLV@ UNLV. UNLV 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer 
committed to excellence 
through diversity. [R] 

New Hampshire 

Franklin Pierce U 

Humanities, 40 University Dr Rindge NH 03461 

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing and Composition 2568 

http:// www .franklinpierce .edu 

Begins Fall 2008 pending budget approval. Primary expertise in writing 
of poetry and poetics, secondary expertise in writing of fiction/ nonfiction. 
Ideal candidate has established national reputation; significant publications; 
demonstrated excellence in teaching poetry at college/ university 
level. 4/4 annual load teaching Creative Writing and Composition. Will 



advise English 
majors, contribute to college service, and maintain a program 
of scholarly/ creative work in English-
Creative Writing. Demonstrable 
commitment to undergraduate education and liberal arts learning. 
Terminal degree from accredited institution required—PhD w/creative 
dissertation preferred; MFA considered. 

Send samples of creative work and/or dissertation abstract; letter of application; 
vita; contact information for three references; transcripts; statement 
of teaching philosophy and evidence of teaching effectiveness to: 
Human Resources-Creative Writing Search, Franklin Pierce University, 
40 University Drive, Rindge, NH 03461, or electronically to: hrdept@ 
franklinpierce .edu . 

Application review begins immediately and continues until position is 
filled. Interviews conducted at the 2008 AWP Conference. EOE [R] 

Rivier C 

En­glish & Communications, 420 S Main St Nashua NH 03060 

Instructor English 
and Communications 2344 

http:// www .rivier .edu 

Rivier College seeks a faculty member to fill a non-tenure track appointment 
in the Department of English. 
The successful candidates primary 
responsibility will be to teach in the First-Year Writing Seminar, part of 
an innovative, multi-disciplinary endeavor involving the departments of 
English, 
Philosophy, and Religious Studies, and literature courses as part 
of the Colleges Core Curriculum. The successful candidates secondary 
responsibility will be to teach courses in American Literature within a 
transatlantic and transnational context. Ph.D. in English 
preferred; ABD 
considered. 4/3 teaching load. 

Candidates must possess a keen interest and enthusiasm for teaching and 
mentoring students as well as the ability to work effectively with students at 
both the undergraduate and graduate levels. A strong, demonstrable commitment 
to an Arts and Sciences education in the Roman Catholic tradition 
will differentiate the successful candidate. Also important is the ability to 
work collaboratively with colleagues throughout the College community. 

Rivier College has the advantage of a central New England 
location in 
a thriving small city less than 50 miles from metropolitan Boston. With 
a student population of 2,300 undergraduate and graduate students, the 
College is recognized for academic excellence, a strong liberal arts program, 
and professional career preparation in various fields. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. Submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae and the names 
and telephone numbers of 3 professional references to: Office of Human 
Resources, RIVIER COLLEGE, 420 South Main Street, Nashua, NH 
03060-5086. EOE 

New Jersey 

Georgian Court U 

En­glish, 900 Lakewood Av Lakewood NJ 08701 

Assistant Professor of English 
2403 

http:// www .georgian .edu 

This full-time tenure track faculty position in English 
composition serves 
the general education program beginning Fall 2008. Experience in composition 
assessment methods and developmental composition helpful. 

Responsibilities: 

Teach 4 composition sections. 

Advise English 
majors. 

Participate in university-wide committees. 

Engage in research. 

Assist in or mentor department-sponsored student publications and/or 
organizations. 


Qualifications: 

Ph.D. in English 
or Composition/ Rhetoric. 

College-level teaching experience required. 

Commitment to research. Publications helpful. 

Experience teaching in diverse delivery methods (online, accelerated, internet 
classroom) helpful. 

Commitment to undergraduate education and student life. 

For full consideration, please send 2 copies each of cover letter, resume, 
unofficial transcript, and recent letters of recommendation from three 
professional references with contact information to: Georgian Court 
University, APEng Search Committee, Office of Human Resources, 900 
Lakewood Ave., Lakewood, NJ 08701-2697. Review of applications will 
begin January 22 and continue until the position is filled. AA/EO [R] 

Montclair SU 

En­glish, Montclair NJ 07043 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing (Fiction) 1396 

http:// www .montclair .edu 

Full-time, tenure-track position in creative writing with primary expertise 
in the writing of fiction and secondary expertise in the writing of poetry. 
Record of fiction publication essential. We are looking for a writer 
with significant publications, a PhD or MFA, and a record of successful 
teaching in a diverse, multi-ethnic environment at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. All department members teach first-year writing 
and literature courses. Candidates should be prepared to teach a combination 
of creative writing courses, first-year courses, and such courses in 
the major as Introduction to Fiction or Contemporary American Fiction. 
Excellence in publication and teaching is expected, as well as active grant 
seeking and service to department, university, and larger professional 
community. Candidates must be willing to participate in a review of the 
existing creative writing concentration and in the future development of a 
proposed creative writing minor. 

Send letter and resume to Prof. Daniel Bronson, Chair, English 
dept., 
Dickson Hall 468, Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ 07043 

Montclair SU 

En­glish, Montclair NJ 07043 

Marie Frazee-Baldassarre Endowed Chair in English 
1708 

http:// www .montclair .edu 

The candidate selected for the Marie Frazee-Baldassarre Chair will be 
granted a tenure-track faculty appointment at the rank of Associate or 
Full Professor. Appointment to the Chair is for a five-year term, dependent 
upon maintenance of good standing in the faculty appointment, and 
may be renewable. 

The candidate selected for the Chair may be in sub-disciplines appropriate 
to a Department of English 
(such as literatures, rhetoric and creative 
writing). Candidates must demonstrate significant scholarly achievements 
and an agenda for continuing distinguished contributions to the discipline. 
Equally important, the individual selected for this Chair must demonstrate 
a deep commitment to mentoring and supporting the intellectual 
development of students. Appropriate terminal degree required. 

Nominations or applications for consideration for appointment to the 
Marie Frazee-Baldassarre Endowed Chair in English 
should include a 
cover letter, a resume, four letters of support and other appropriate materials. 
Send applications to: Dr. Daniel Bronson, Chair, English 
Department, 
Dickson Hall 468, Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ 07043 



New Jersey City U 

En­glish, 2039 Kenn edy Memorial Blvd Jersey City NJ 07305 

Assitant Professor in British and World Literature & Assistant Professor in 
Composition 1958 

http:// web .njcu .edu/ joblistings/hr 

Please refer to updated ads for these positions 

Ramapo C 

Dr. Monika Giacoppe, Search Committee Chair, 505 Ramapo Valley 
Road Mahwah NJ 07430 

Assistant/ Associate Professor and Director of First Year Writing 1859 

http:// ramapojobs .com 

Tenure Track Position Fall 2008 

Ramapo College of New Jersey is located in the beautiful foothills of the 
Ramapo Valley Mountains, approximately 25 miles northwest of New 
York City. Accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education, 
Ramapo College is a comprehensive institution of higher education 
dedicated to the promotion of teaching and learning within strong 
liberal arts based curriculum, thus earning the designation New Jerseys 
Public Liberal Arts College. Its curricular emphasis includes the liberal 
arts and sciences, social sciences, fine and performing arts, and the professional 
programs within a residential and sustainable living and learning 
environment. Organized into thematic learning communities, Ramapo 
College provides academic excellence through its interdisciplinary curriculum, 
international education, intercultural understanding and experiential 
learning opportunities. 

DESCRIPTION: Responsible for teaching writing courses, administration 
and oversight of Composition/ Critical Reading course, College English. 
Coordinates freshman and development writing with the Writing 
Center Director. 

REQUIREMENTS: Candidates must have a Ph. D in Rhetoric and 
Composition or English; 
at least three years experience teaching writing; 
and three to five years experience in a writing program that includes some 
or all of the following: administering and assessing a first-year writing 
program, testing and placement issues; knowledge of contemporary composition 
pedagogy, incorporation of computers into writing pedagogy. A 
record of scholarship, which could include grant writing, is preferred. 

Faculty members are expected to maintain active participation in research, 
scholarship, college governance, service, academic advisement and 
professional development activities. 

All applications must be completed online at: http:// www .ramapojobs 
.com. Attach resume, cover letter, statement of teaching philosophy, 
research interests and a list of three references to your completed application. 
Since its beginning, Ramapo College has had an intercultural/ 
international mission. Please tell us how your background, interest and 
experience can contribute to this mission, as well as to the specific position 
for which you are applying. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
the position is filled. Position offers excellent state benefits. To request accommodation, 
call (201) 684-7406, Dr. Monika Giacoppe, Search Chair. 

Ramapo College of New Jersey, 505 Ramapo Valley Road, Mahwah, NJ 
07430 

“New Jersey’s Public Liberal Arts College 

Ramapo College is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges 
(COPLAC), a national alliance of leading liberal arts colleges in the 
public sector. 

EEO/ AFFIRMATIVE ACTION 

Seton Hall U 

En­glish, 400 South Orange Av South Orange NJ 07079 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Fiction 2341 

http:// www .shu .edu 

The English 
Department at Seton Hall University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in Creative Writing specializing in fiction to 
begin September 2008. We seek candidates with a commitment to excellence 
in teaching, scholarship, and service. The successful applicant will 
have a significant publication record, evidence of teaching excellence, and 
the terminal degree (MFA or PhD.) in hand by the time of appointment. 
The standard teaching load for tenure-track probationary faculty who are 
both publishing and service active is 9 credits each semester. Course assignments 
will be balanced between first-year writing courses, advanced 
electives in the undergraduate major, courses in the graduate program, 
and courses in the university’s new core curriculum. Send a letter of application, 
a current vita, a copy of a recent publication, and three letters 
of reference to Human Resources, Seton Hall University, 400 South Orange 
Avenue, South Orange, NJ 07079. Attn.: English 
Dept. Job Search- 
Creative 
Writing. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled 
or Jan. 15, 2008, whichever is latest. Some candidates will be interviewed 
at the 2007 MLA conference in Chicago; for consideration at MLA, 
please submit applications by December 14, 2007. Seton Hall University is 
a Catholic diocesan university and an EO/AA employer. 
[R] 

William Paterson U 

En­glish, 300 Pompton Rd Wayne NJ 07470 

Assistant Professor of English 
with a specialization in Creative Writing 1747 

http:// www .wpunj .edu 

Tenure track, assistant professor of English 
with a specialization in Creative 
Writing, especially fiction, creative non-fiction, and multi-genre 
writing courses. PH.D. preferred. M.F.A considered. Relevant publications 
and teaching experience required. The successful candidate will 
teach a variety of specialized undergraduate and graduate writing courses, 
as well as general education courses. We are especially interested in writers 
with experience in teaching courses in literature and professional writing. 
Send letter, CV, and three letters of recommendation to Linda Hamalian, 
Chair, English 
Department, William Paterson University, 300 Pompton 
Road, Wayne, NJ 07470. Telephone: 973-720-2254. Email for inquiries 
only: hamalianl@ wpunj .edu. [R] 

New York 

Alfred U 

En­glish Div, 1 Saxon Dr, Seidlin Hall Alfred NY 14802 

Gertz Chair in Technical Writing: Rank Open 1765 

http:// our .alfred .edu/ 

Ph.D. in technical writing, rhetoric and composition, or related disciplines 
to direct a university-wide writing program. The position is tenure 
track and begins in August 2008. Responsibilities will include teaching 
first-year composition courses in English 
required of all students, as well 
as developing and teaching discipline-specific courses at the upper level 
for Alfred’s world-class programs in the School of Engineering and the 
School of Art and Design. In addition, the position will include working 
with faculty across the University to help them develop writing-intensive 
courses within their disciplines. A successful candidate must have experience 
teaching technical writing courses and a commitment to writing 
within the different disciplines. Experience with faculty development 
in writing-across-the-curriculum preferred. Salary commensurate with 
experience. Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference 
to Susan Morehouse, Chair, Division of English, 
Alfred University, One 
Saxon Drive, Alfred, NY 14802. Applications will be acknowledged 



by letter. Postmark deadline is November 30. Interviews will be held at 
MLA. AA/EOE [R] 

Alfred U 

En­glish Div, 1 Saxon Dr, Seidlin Hall Alfred NY 14802 

Assistant Professor of Modern British Literature 1766 

http:// our .alfred .edu/ 

Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in Modern British Literature and 
possible secondary interests in post-colonial literatures, or cultural studies. 
The position is tenure track and begins in the August 2008. We seek 
candidates with a strong commitment to teaching excellence and scholarship. 
The teaching load is three courses (12 hours) per semester, including 
first-year composition, general education courses in literature, as well as 
courses for the major and minor in English. 
Send a letter of application, 
vita, and three letters of reference to Susan Morehouse, Chair, Division 
of English, 
Alfred University, One Saxon Drive, Alfred, NY 14802. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. Postmark deadline is November 
30. Interviews will be held at MLA. AA/EOE [R] 

C of Saint Rose 

En­glish, 432 Western Av Albany NY 12203 

Assistant Professor of English/ 
Fiction Writer 2133 

http:// www .strose .edu 

The College of Saint Rose in Albany, NY, seeks a qualified candidate 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the English 
Department, 
starting in August 2008. Candidate must have an earned doctorate 
or MFA with a primary specialization in fiction writing and secondary 
expertise in another genre or composition studies. Candidate must have 
a strong record of publications in fiction. Candidate should also have a 
demonstrated ability to work with and instruct a culturally diverse group 
of people. This line will involve courses in fiction writing on both the 
graduate and undergraduate levels and a range of courses in creative and 
expository writing, including first-year composition. Send letter of application 
and dossier, including c.v., copy of transcript(s), writing sample of 
no more than twenty pages of fiction, and three letters of recommendation 
to Catherine Cavanaugh, English 
Department Chair, The College of 
Saint Rose, 432 Western Ave., Albany, NY 12203. Deadline for applications: 
January 3, 2008. 

The College of Saint Rose is a dynamic, comprehensive college of more 
than 5,140 students. Located in the heart of New York States Capital District, 
we are an independent, coeducational institution. The College of 
Saint Rose is an equal opportunity employer; 
members of traditionally 
underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Fordham U 

En­glish, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor/ Director of Creative Writing 2569 

http:// www .fordham .edu/ english 


Assistant Professor/ Director of Creative Writing, tenure track. Genre 
open (poetry, literary fiction, creative non-fiction). Research-based English 
department with growing undergraduate creative writing program 
and M.A. with writing concentration seeks author with terminal degree, 
substantial record of publication, administrative experience, and experience 
teaching at college level. Responsibilities include: teaching writing 
workshops (graduate & undergraduate); teaching undergraduate intro to 
literature and comp courses as needed; administration of writing program. 
Please send letter, CV, three written references and writing sample 
consisting either of a book (which will be returned) or substantial published 
work to Writing Search Committee, English 
Department, Fordham 
University, Bronx, NY 10458. Deadline: Feb. 29, 2008. Fordham is 
an independent, Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition and welcomes 
applications from men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an affirmative 
action/ equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Hamilton C 

En­glish, 198 College Hill Rd Clinton NY 13323 

Visiting Poet 2537 

http:// www .hamilton .edu 

The Hamilton College English 
Department invites applications for a twoyear 
appointment, with the possibility of renewal, in Creative Writing, 
specializing in poetry. Teaching load is five courses annually: two sections 
of introduction to creative writing, a senior workshop or an intermediate 
poetry workshop, and two literature courses. Ph.D. or M.F.A. with 
additional graduate training in literature required. While we have a particular 
need in U.S. Latina/o literatures, we welcome all applications. Appointment 
to begin July 1, 2008. Review of applications will commence 
February 15 and continue until the position is filled. Please send vita and 
a letter of application to Professor Naomi Guttman, Hamilton College, 
198 College Hill Road, Clinton, NY 13323. Hamilton is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to diversity in all 
areas of the campus community. Hamilton provides domestic partner 
benefits. [R] 

Lehman C, CUNY 

En­glish, 250 Bedford Pk Blvd W Bronx NY 10468 

Assistant or Associate Professor in British Literature of ‘The Long 18th 
Century,’ 1660—1815 1764 

http:// www .lehman .edu 

POSITION DESCRIPTION AND DUTIES 

Tenure track position for specialist in British Literature of ‘The Long 18th 
Century,’ 1660—1815. The successful candidate will teach in other areas 
to students taking distribution courses as well as to English 
majors. He or 
she will also be expected to teach in the Department’s Master’s Program. 
Teaching, publication, and service are the College’s indispensable requirements 
for tenure. 

QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 

Earned doctorate and college teaching experience. 

Send resume and cover letter to: 

Walter Blanco, Chair, Department of English, 
Lehman College, CUNY, 
250 Bedford Park Boulevard West, Bronx, New York 10468. 

Lehman College/ CUNY is an EEO/AA/ADA Employer. 
[R] 

Lehman C, CUNY 

En­glish, 250 Bedford Pk Blvd W Bronx NY 10468 

Tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor in Composition/ Rhetoric 1757 

http:// www .lehman .edu 

The English 
department at Lehman College, one of the senior colleges of 
the City University of New York, seeks a tenure-track Assistant or Associate 
Professor in Composition/ Rhetoric, with experience and interest in 
WAC/ WID, professional development, and in cultural studies. Applicants 
should have a Ph.D. in hand by May 2008. 

The successful candidate would co-coordinate the college’s WAC/ WID 
program (part of a CUNY-wide initiative), teach a wide range of distribution 
courses in literary and cultural studies, develop specialized writing 
classes as part of the department’s professional writing concentration, 
teach in the M.A. program in Composition and Rhetoric, and be a part 
of innovative projects affiliated with the Institute for Literacy Studies and 
the New York City Writing Project. 

Relevant Material should be sent to Prof. Walter Blanco Chair, English 
Dept Lehman College/ CUNY 250 Bedford Park Blvd West Bronx, NY 
10468-1589. 

Lehman College is an EEO/AA/ADA Employer. 
[R] 



Long Island U 

En­glish, 720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric or English 
Language 1316 

http:// www .cwpost .liu .edu/ cwis/ cwp/ clas/ english/ 
english 
.htm 

LIU, C W Post, 720 Northern Blvd, English, 
Greenvale NY 11548- 
1300. Probable tenure-line asst. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. 
Field: Rhetoric or English 
language able to teach a variety of 
courses in linguistics from a humanities perspective to students without 
previous study of linguistics. The successful candidate will have a background 
in English 
as a second language and serve as a resource person for 
helping non-native speakers with written English 
at various levels. The 
ability to teach wide-ranging surveys of Western literature to non-majors 
would be welcome. Scholarly publications required. To begin September 
2008. Salary and teaching load: competitive. E-mail applications 
preferred and acknowledged by return e-mail; surface mail applications 
acknowledged if return postcard is provided. By 20 November 2007, send 
cover letter and CV to Edmund Miller, Chair. Please do not send copies 
of publications or letters of reference at this time. Interviews at MLA 
Convention. edmund .miller@ liu .edu [R] 

Long Island U 

En­glish, 720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548 

Assistant Professor of English 
Novel 1317 

http:// www .cwpost .liu .edu/ cwis/ cwp/ clas/ english/ 
english 
.htm 

LIU, C W Post, 720 Northern Blvd, English, 
Greenvale NY 11548-1300. 
Probable tenure-line asst. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. 
Field: English 
novel of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, 
perhaps with an interest in gender studies. The successful candidate will 
also have experience or expertise in teaching wide-ranging surveys of 
Western literature for non-majors. Scholarly publications required. To 
begin September 2008. Salary and teaching load: competitive. E-mail 
applications preferred and acknowledged by return e-mail; surface mail 
applications acknowledged if return postcard is provided. By 20 November 
2007, send cover letter and CV to Edmund Miller, Chair. Please do 
not send copies of publications or letters of reference at this time. Interviews 
at MLA Convention. edmund .miller@ liu .edu [R] 

Saint Lawrence U 

En­glish, Romoda Drive Canton NY 13617 

Visiting Assistant Professor in Poetry 1895 

http:// www .stlawu .edu 

The St. Lawrence University English 
department invites applications for 
a one year leave replacement position in poetry writing, with primary or 
secondary interests in poetics and/or literary theory. Three course load 
per semester: two sections of our introductory craft course, Techniques 
of Poetry, two sections of the department’s Methods of Critical Analysis 
course, an overview of research and theoretical methods for prospective 
English 
majors, a section of advanced poetry writing, and the remaining 
course in the instructors area(s) of specialization. 

Preference given to candidates with Ph.D. or M.F.A. in hand, teaching 
experience, and those who bring diverse cultural, ethnic, theoretical, and 
national perspectives to their writing and teaching. The successful candidate 
will join a department with a commitment to excellence in teaching 
and to a program founded upon strong ties between the study of literature 
and the practice of creative expression. 

Please send a letter of application, a vita, and sample syllabi for two relevant 
courses to Peter Bailey, Chair, Department of English, 
St. Lawrence 
University, Canton, NY 13617. Review of applications begins on November 
15, 2007, and continues until the position has been filled. We will 
be interviewing candidates at the MLA Convention. 

St. Lawrence University, chartered in 1856, is an independent, private, 
coeducational institution of higher learning in New York State. For additional 
information, please visit SLUs homepage at http:// www .stlawu 
.edu/. SLU is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Employment Opportunity 
employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

SU of New York, U at Albany 

En­glish, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor-Journalism Program 2482 

The University at Albany, SUNY, seeks an experienced journalist and 
promising scholar to fill a tenure-track assistant professor position in its 
interdisciplinary Journalism Program. Successful applicants preferred area 
of expertise is New Media, including multimedia journalism, new media 
studies, videography, visual culture, digital publishing, and citizen journalism. 
The ideal candidate has a doctoral degree in an appropriate discipline 
from a university accredited by the U.S. Department of Education 
or an internationally recognized accrediting organization. Exceptional 
candidates with a professional masters degree or candidates with outstanding 
professional experience or significant creative achievements are also 
strongly encouraged to apply. The Program is looking for an individual 
who will sustain a serious program of research or creative scholarship and 
will enjoy teaching lecture courses as well as introductory and advanced 
workshops. Review of applications will begin on January 15, 2008 and 
continue until the position is filled. Candidates must address in their applications 
their abilities to work with and instruct a culturally diverse 
population. Please submit applications, including work samples, a writing 
sample, and three letters of recommendation, to Professor Thomas Bass, 
Chair, Journalism Search Committee, College of Arts and Sciences, AS 
216, University at Albany, 1400 Washington Ave., Albany, NY 12222. 
The University at Albany is an EO/AA/IRCA/ ADA Employer. 


SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

Asian & Asian Amer Studies, 1046 Humanities Bldg Stony Brook 
NY 11794 

Assistant Professor 2079 

http:// www .stonybrook .edu/ jobs 

Stony Brook Universitys Department of Asian and Asian American Studies 
is seeking applications for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor 
of Asian American Literature to begin September 2008. Required: 
Candidates are expected to have a Ph.D. in Asian American Literature 
from English, 
Comparative Literature, Cultural Studies, or a related discipline. 
The person appointed to this position will join the vibrant research, 
teaching, and outreach environment of Stony Brook, including 
the Charles B. Wang Center, and contribute to the development of the 
curriculum in Asian American Studies. Applications for this position will 
be considered until December 7, 2007, or until filled subsequently. To 
apply, please submit a cover letter with a statement of research interests, 
writing samples, C.V., and arrange to have three letters of recommendation 
sent to: Professor Kamal Sridhar, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of Asian and Asian American Studies, 1046 Humanities Building, 
Stony Brook University, SUNY, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5343. Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Visit www .stonybrook .edu/ 
jobs to apply online and for complete job description. [R] 



North Carolina 

East Carolina U 

En­glish, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English: 
Professional & Technical 
Communication 1203 

http:// www .ecu .edu/ english 


Assistant or Associate Professor of English, 
tenure-track, specializing in 
professional and technical communication, starting August 11, 2008. Tenure 
consideration at the level of Associate Professor. 

Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary research and a teaching background 
in professional communication. Expected to support and contribute 
to teaching, research, and innovative curriculum development in 
well-established graduate and undergraduate programs in technical and 
professional communication, as well as a doctoral program in technical 
and professional discourse (current emphases in technical and professional 
communication, writing studies and pedagogy, and discourses and cultures). 
Appropriate service to the university, community, and profession 
is expected. 

Earned doctorate and record of scholarship commensurate with rank required. 
Applicants with experience in business, industry, and government 
are encouraged to apply. Screening begins November 1, 2007; position 
open until filled. Applicants must complete a Candidate Profile online at 
www .jobs .ecu .edu and send letter, vita, one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy and research agenda, writing sample, and three current reference 
letters to: 

Dr. Michael Palmer, Chair, Box T1, Department of English, 
East Carolina 
University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353 

EEO/AA Employer. 
Visit the department websites at http:// www .ecu 
.edu/ english, 
http:// english 
.ecu .edu/ ~phd, and http:// english 
.ecu .edu/ 
~tpc. [R] 

Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant Professor of English 
2345 

We seek candidates for a tenure track position in Composition /Professional 
Writing beginning August 2008. 

Requirements: Ph.D with a specialization in Composition or Rhetoric. 
Responsibilities include teaching introductory courses in composition, 
including developmental writing, and upper division courses in professional 
writing; performing department and college service, and engaging 
in research and publication. Teaching load is 12 hours per semester. 

Application deadline is February 20, 2008. 

Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference 
and transcripts to Dr. Edward McShane, Chair, Department of English 
and Foreign Laqnguages,Fayetteville State University, Fayetteville, N.C. 
28301 

Fayet tevi l le St ate i s an a f f i rmat ive act ion/ equa l oppor tunit y 
employer. 
[R] 

Western Carolina U 

En­glish, Coulter 305 Cullowhee NC 28723 

Assistant Professor of English 
Education 1906 

http:// www .wcu .edu/as/english 


Tenure-track, beginning August 2008. Required: demonstrated teaching 
excellence; current teaching licensure; Ph.D. in English, 
English 
education, 
or related field. Preferred: ability to teach courses focusing on linguistics 
or educational linguistics such as Grammar for Teachers; other 
secondary specialties open; evidence of commitment to diverse students. 
Responsibilities: teach English 
and English 
education courses, recruit and 
advise candidates, supervise interns/ student teachers, service, research. 
All full-time faculty teach freshman/ sophomore level liberal studies 
courses and help implement the university’s new Quality Enhancement 
Plan (QEP), which emphasizes engagement and integration of learning. 
Apply only online for Position #1537 at https:// jobs .wcu .edu/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=51015. Attach cover letter, c.v., and list of three references. 
Western Carolina University, set in the scenic Smoky Mountain 
area, is a regional comprehensive university in the University of North 
Carolina system. The English 
Department is vibrant and congenial, with 
teaching award winners and productive writers and scholars. WCU, AA/ 
EOE, conducts criminal background checks. Application review begins 
November 15, continues until position f ills. Screening interviews at 
MLA. Graduate transcripts required before campus interview. More information: 
Dr. Elizabeth Addison, Head, Department of English, 
Western 
Carolina University, Cullowhee, NC 28723. [R] 

Western Carolina U 

En­glish, Coulter 305 Cullowhee NC 28723 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (Fiction) 1908 

http:// https:// jobs .wcu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51017 

Tenure-track, begin August 2008. MFA or Ph.D. in Creative Writing or 
Literature required by August 2008. Strong record of creative publication 
(one book with a nationally recognized press, or the equivalent), demonstrated 
excellence in teaching. Preferred: qualification to teach journalism, 
reporting, and editing; evidence of commitment to work with diverse 
students. This department is vibrant and congenial, with teaching award 
winners and productive writers and scholars. All full-time faculty teach 
freshman/ sophomore level liberal studies courses and play significant roles 
in a new Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP), which emphasizes engagement 
and integration of learning. Western Carolina University, set in the 
beautiful Smoky Mountain area, is a regional comprehensive university in 
the University of North Carolina system. Apply only online for Position 
#0639 at https:// jobs .wcu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51017. Attach 
current c.v.; cover letter; list of three references. Two published writing 
samples should be sent to Dr. Elizabeth Addison, English 
Department, 
Coulter 305, Western Carolina University, Cullowhee, NC 28723. Interviewing 
at MLA; graduate transcripts required of candidates invited to 
campus. WCU is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer 
and 
conducts criminal background checks. Review of applications will begin 
November 15 and will continue until the position is filled. For more information 
about the department, see http:// www .wcu .edu/as/english. 
[R] 

North Dakota 

Jamestown C 

En­glish, 6046 College Lane Jamestown ND 58405 

Assistant or Associate English 
Professor 1931 

http:// www.jc.edu 

Jamestown Colleges Department of English 
invites applications for a fulltime 
position beginning August 2008. Teaching responsibilities: Four 
courses/ semester, including Freshman Composition, Shakespeare, firsthalf 
of British Survey, and Classics in Western Literature. Qualifications: 
Doctorate attained by August 2008, preferably in Renaissance or Shakespeare; 
teaching experience preferred. Rank and salary commensurate 
with experience. Application review begins November 1 and continues 
until the position is filled. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
and contact information for three current references to Office of the President, 
6080 College Lane, Jamestown, ND 58405. Jamestown College is 
a church-related, private liberal arts college with a commitment to nonsectarian 
Christian higher education, and is an AA/EO employer. 
[R] 



Ohio 

Bowling Green SU 

En­glish, 1001 E Wooster St Bowling Green OH 43403 

Arts & Sciences Distinguished Visiting Writer 2514 

http:// www .bgsu .edu/ departments/ english/ 
index .html 

The English 
Department seeks applicants for the College of Arts & Sciences 
Distinguished Visiting Writer. The successful candidate will be in 
residence spring 2009; teach one fiction writing workshop in our BFA 
program and one workshop in our MFA program; give a reading and a 
lecture; and advise theses. Qualifications: 1) MA, MFA or Ph.D. by time 
of employment; 2) at least one book of fiction and critical recognition 
consistent with a writer of national reputation; and 3) evidence of outstanding 
teaching. Salary: competitive. See our website, http:// www .bgsu 
.edu/ departments/ english, 
for a fuller description of the position. Send 
cover letter, CV, transcripts, three current letters of reference, writing 
sample (one book), a list of courses taught with brief descriptions, and 
1–2 samples of undergraduate syllabi to Kristine Blair, Chair, English 
Department, 
Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, Ohio 43403- 
0191. The starting date of employment for this position is January 2009. 
Screening of applicants will begin February 1, 2008 and continue until 
the position is filled. BGSU is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer 
and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
veterans, and individuals with disabilities. [R] 

Kent SU 

Personn el/ Employment Services, PO Box 5190 Kent OH 44242 

Assistant Professor [No. 994775] 2418 

http:// www .kent .edu 

Tenure-track position beginning Fall, 2008 to teach undergraduate 
courses in English 
including Freshman Composition. The position carries 
a 4/4 teaching load, with expectation of scholarly activity and service to 
the university. 

Ph.D. in English 
or Rhetoric/ Composition required by the time of appointment. 
Area of specialization includes rhetoric and composition, with 
experience in basic writing, linguistics, or grammar preferred. 

For a complete description of this position and to apply online, visit our 
jobsite at http:// jobs .kent .edu. In addition, please submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, transcripts, evidence of teaching effectiveness, 
and three (3) letters of reference to: Ms. Kerry Kurchak, Kent State 
University Stark Campus, 6000 Frank Avenue NW, North Canton, OH 
44720. Email: kkurchak@ kent .edu. 

Mt Vernon Nazarene U 

En­glish, Martinsburg Rd Mt Vernon OH 43050 

Full-Time English 
Teaching Faculty in Composition and Literature 2556 

http://hr.mvnu .edu 

Academic Affairs 

POSITION ANNOUNCEMENT 

English 
Faculty Position Full-time 9 Months 

Full-time position in English 
at Mount Vernon Nazarene University, an 
intentionally Christian teaching university for traditional students, graduate 
students, and working adults. The University seeks to hire a Ph.D. in 
English 
(ABD considered) to teach courses in writing and in literature 
(expertise in multicultural, contemporary and dramatic literature desirable) 
at the rank of instructor or assistant professor. The successful candidate 
will be a generalist who has ability teaching writing and literature 
and is strongly committed to classroom instruction and to the Universitys 
Christian faith tradition and lifestyle requirements. The position is 
contingent upon budget funding by the Universitys Board of Trustees. 
For more complete details see the full posting at http:// www .mvnu .edu/ 
news/ JobPostings/ Faculty/ index .asp 

Oberlin C 

En­glish, 10 North Professor Oberlin OH 44074 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 2468 

http:// www .oberlin .edu 

Oberlin College, Creative Writing Program, seeks a fiction writer to fill 
a temporary, full-time faculty position for the academic year 2008–09, 
commencing in fall 2008. Each term, candidate will teach a beginning 
multi-genre workshop in poetry and fiction, an advanced workshop in 
fiction or creative non-fiction, and supervise up to 8 advanced projects in 
the long and short forms of these prose genres. 

Requirements: MFA or equivalent (in hand or expected by fall 2008) and 
demonstrated interest and excellence in undergraduate teaching. Familiarity 
with teaching intensive liberal arts programs is highly desirable, as is 
the promise of a successful publishing career. Information about the Creative 
Writing Program at http:// www .oberlin .edu/ crwrite/. 

Send letter of application, c.v., graduate academic transcripts, and at least 
three recent letters of reference, to Sylvia Watanabe, Co-Director, Creative 
Writing Program, Rice Hall 13, Oberlin, Ohio 44074, by 2/15/08. 
Applications may be considered until filled. AA/EOE [R] 

Ohio U 

Interdisciplinary Arts, 120 Lindley Hall Athens OH 45701 

Assistant Professor of Early American Literature 2530 

http:// www .english 
.ohiou .edu/ 

One-year position, renewable up to three years. We seek a specialist in 
Early American Literature (Colonial and/or Early National), able to teach 
upper-level undergraduate and graduate courses in the field of specialization, 
as well as introductory courses in writing and literature. Teaching 
assignment is two courses per quarter (2–2-2). Candidates are expected 
to show evidence of promise in scholarship and teaching. PhD preferred. 
Please send letter, c.v., brief writing sample, and dossier to Joe McLaughlin, 
Chair, Department of English, 
Ellis Hall, Athens, OH 45701. Review 
of applications will begin February 1 and continue until position is filled. 
Women and other minorities are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is 
an EEO/AA employer. 
Further information about Ohio University can 
be found at the University’s web site: http:// www .ohio .edu. 

Oklahoma 

Cameron U 

En­glish & For Langs, 2800 W Gore Blvd Lawton OK 73505 

Assistant Professor of English 
2566 

http:// www .cameron .edu 

Assistant Professor of English 
(tenure track) with specialization in creative 
writing (nonfiction/ fiction). Teaching load twelve hours per semester. 
Scholarly activity and service expected. MFA in Creative Writing or PhD 
in English 
by August, 2008. One year of teaching experience required. 
Preferred qualifications: MFA in Creative Writing and PhD in English 
at 
time of interview. Secondary emphasis in modernism. Significant publication 
and two years of teaching at the college or university level. Preference 
will be given to applications received by March 1, 2008. Submit 
letter of application, cv, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. John Morris, Chair, Search and Screening Committee F090, Cameron 
University, 2800 West Gore Blvd., Lawton, OK 73505. Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 



U of Oklahoma 

Expository Writing Program, 401 W. Brooks St., Bizzell Library Rm 4 
Norman OK 73019 

Lecturer in Expository Writing 1798 

http:// www.ou.edu/ expo 

Freshman Writing Seminars 

The Expository Writing Program at OU announces two lectureships for 
2008–2009. Lecturers will design a topic-based course in the academic 
essay and will teach two classes of 14–16 students per semester. Contracts 
are for one year, renewable for five years, with the possibility of a two-year 
extension. Starting salary for the 2008–2009 year is $40,000. Preference 
will be given to candidates with college teaching experience who demonstrate 
a lively interest in writing pedagogy and who favor interdisciplinary 
course design. Applicants should have a Ph.D. or M.F.A. degree; current 
lecturers have doctoral degrees in English 
(5), History (2), Anthropology 
(2), Folklore (2), and Geography (1). Course proposals that feature science, 
business, and/or law are also welcome. Send c.v. (including contact 
information for references) along with a cover letter that includes methods 
and philosophy of teaching writing to: David Long, Director of Expository 
Writing, 401 W. Brooks St., Bizzell Library, Room 4, Norman 
OK 73019-2121. Applicants who submit their materials by December 10 
will be considered for an MLA interview in Chicago; subsequent applications 
received by February 1 will also be reviewed. The search will remain 
open until the positions are filled. The University of Oklahoma is 
an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. 
[R] 

Pennsylvania 

Penn State U 

En­glish, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Two Year Fixed Term Position, Latina/O Studies 1645 

http:// english.
la.psu .edu/ 

The Penn State English 
Department seeks to hire a fixed-term faculty 
member to teach in our established Latina/o Studies undergraduate minor. 
Candidates must be qualified to teach an interdisciplinary introductory 
class on the history, politics, economics, and culture of the major Latino 
groups in the U.S.; a mid-level course on Latina/o border theories and 
concepts; and an upper-level course on Chicana/o cultural production. 
Expertise in Latina/o feminisms preferred. This is a two-year position 
that includes opportunities to collaborate with Latina/o studies faculty 
in other departments. For more information on Latina/o Studies at Penn 
State, go to www .latino .psu .edu Start date: Fall 2008. Please send a letter 
of application, two letters of recommendation, and a C.V. to: Professor 
Mark Morrisson, Associate Head, Box LAT, Department of English, 
Penn 
State, University Park, PA 16802-6200, U.S.A. Screening of applications 
will begin November 1, 2007. Applications will be considered until the 
position is filled. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, 
and the diversity of its workforce. [R] 

West Chester U 

En­glish, University & High St, Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor of English 
2452 

http:// www .wcupa .edu 

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is ref lected in its 
diversity and student success. Two full-time, tenure-track positions in 
a progressive, collaboratively-administered Composition Program that 
embraces basic writing; general education composition; a Writings track 
in the English 
major; and an M.A. program in Writing, Teaching, and 
Criticism. Minimum qualifications: Ph.D., or Ph.D. expected by August, 
2008, in Composition, Rhetoric, or related f ield; or in English, 
with 
demonstrated commitment to composition as the primary field of study, 
continuing interest, experience, and scholarship. Preferred candidates will 
also have experience and scholarly interest in one or more of the following 
areas: classical rhetoric and rhetorical history; basic writing theories 
and pedagogies; creative nonfiction; multicultural, contrastive, global, 
and transnational rhetorics; WAC, WID, and interdisciplinary rhetoric. 
Four course teaching responsibility per semester; salary and benefits very 
competitive. Finalists must successfully complete a campus interview and 
teaching demonstration. Come join an academic community where composition 
and rhetoric are an integral part of a diverse department. Send 
letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and dossier including three letters of 
reference and undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Dr. Anne Herzog, 
Chair, Dept. of English, 
West Chester University, West Chester, PA 
19383-2124. Applications will be reviewed starting February 2, 2008 and 
continue until positions are filled. Members of the search committee will 
meet with qualified candidates at the CCCC 2008 in New Orleans. Developing 
and sustaining a diverse faculty advances West Chester University’s 
educational mission and Plan for Excellence. West Chester University 
is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Puerto Rico 

U of Puerto Rico 

En­glish, PO Box 9265 Mayagüez PR 00681 

Literature with Specialization in Early American Literature (17th and 18th 
centuries) 2436 

The Department of English 
at the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez 
(UPRM) seeks two PhDs for tenure-track positions at the level of Assistant 
Professor starting July 1, 2008. Teaching, research experience, and 
publications expected. Knowledge of Spanish desirable. 

Literature with specialization in Early American Literature (17–18th centuries). 
The professor hired will teach primarily Advanced Freshman English 
courses and a course in their specialization. 

Send resumé, official transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Betsy Morales Caro, Director, Department of English, 
University of 
Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, Box 9265, Mayagüez, PR 00681. Website: 
http:// www .uprm .edu/ english. 
The closing date for applications is February 
20, 2008. The UPRM is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


U of Puerto Rico 

En­glish, PO Box 9265 Mayagüez PR 00681 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and Communication 2435 

The Department of English 
at the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez 
(UPRM) seeks two PhDs for tenure-track positions at the level of Assistant 
Professor starting July 1, 2008. Teaching, research experience, and 
publications expected. Knowledge of Spanish desirable. 

Rhetoric and Communication. The professor hired will teach primarily 
Technical Writing and Public Speaking courses. 

Send resumé, official transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Betsy Morales Caro, Director, Department of English, 
University of 
Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, Box 9265, Mayagüez, PR 00681. Website: 
http:// www .uprm .edu/ english. 
The closing date for applications is February 
20, 2008. The UPRM is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Rhode Island 

Rhode Island C 

En­glish, 600 Mt Pleasant Av Providence RI 02908 

Assistant Professor, Composition and Rhetoric 2411 

http:// www .ric .edu 

The English 
Department at Rhode Island College invites applications for 
a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor. Responsibili



ties include teaching undergraduate courses in composition and general 
education as well as the possibility of introductory surveys and specialty 
courses at upper-division and MA levels; an ongoing commitment to 
scholarly work; and departmental and college service. Faculty in composition 
may collaborate with Writing Across the Curriculum or Writing 
in the Disciplines work on campus as well as with a very active Writing 
Center and the Rhode Island Writing Project. Requirements include: 
Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in composition and rhetoric or Ph.D. 
in composition and rhetoric. Preferred: An interest in professional, business, 
and/or technical writing; expertise in writing assessment. 

Applications must be received in the Office of Human Resources by February 
8, 2007. Submit cover letter, resume, transcripts, and three current 
letters of reference; the cover letter must include the Search Code for the 
position (ENGWC 08). Mail or fax (e-mail not accepted) applications to: 

Off ice of Human Resources, Attention: (Search Code: ENGWC 08), 
Rhode Island College, 600 Mt. Pleasant Avenue, Providence, RI 02908)- 
1991, Fax: 401-456-8717 Tel: 401-456-8216 

An AA/EOE [R] 

Roger Williams U 

En­glish, 1 Old Ferry Rd Bristol RI 02809 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing-Poetry 2078 

http:// www .rwu .edu 

Review of applications will begin January 15, 2008 and will continue 
until the position is filled. 

Description and Responsibilities: 

The Department of Creative Writing at Roger Williams University invites 
applications for a tenure-track appointment in poetry. Roger Williams 
University offers a BFA in Creative Writing, focusing primarily on 
fiction and poetry. The department has an active learning environment 
that houses an established visiting writers series, programs that work on 
international humanitarian issues, and roger: an arts & literary magazine. 

Primary responsibilities include teaching undergraduate courses in poetry, 
contributing to the university Core curriculum, advising students, and being 
an active member in department, college, and university communities. 

In general, all tenure-track RWU faculty must demonstrate effectiveness 
in the following four categories: 1) teaching; 2) academic advising and 
program development; 3) scholarly, professional and/or creative activities; 
and 4) institutional and/or community service. 

Qualifications: 

The successful candidate will have a terminal degree in creative writing, 
an active writing career that is demonstrated by on-going excellence in 
publishing (at least one book by a nationally recognized press in the discipline, 
as well as significant publication in quality journals that indicate 
evidence toward a second book), and an established record of university 
teaching. Additional experience in MFA program development, and/or 
teaching interest in creative non-fiction is desirable. 

Contact Person: 

Please contact the search committee chair, Adam Braver (abraver@ rwu 
.edu) for further information. 

To Apply: 

Qualified applicants should send: 1) letter of intent including statements 
of teaching philosophy and research interests; 2) a current vita; 3) names 
and contact information of at least three references. Applications should 
be submitted to: 

Creative Writing Search Committee (ref. #FAC08–001), C/O Dean of 
Arts & Sciences, Roger Williams University, One Old Ferry Road, Bristol, 
Rhode Island 02809-2921 

Roger Williams University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
committed 
to inclusive excellence and encourages applications from underrepresented 
populations. 

Roger Williams U 

En­glish, 1 Old Ferry Rd Bristol RI 02809 

Assistant Professor of English 
Literature/ Literary Theory and Postcolonial 
Literatures 2076 

http:// www .rwu .edu 

Review of applications will begin January 15, 2008 and will continue 
until the position is filled. 

Description and Responsibilities: 

The Department of English 
Literature invites applications from individuals 
who can demonstrate a strong commitment to undergraduate education, 
a desire to assist the Department in sustaining and creating courses 
in the major, and a willingness to teach in the University Core Curriculum 
Program. 

Primary responsibilities include delivery of courses in literary theory, 
postcolonial literatures, the Core Curriculum, and other English 
Literature 
courses as appropriate. 

In general, all tenure-track RWU faculty must demonstrate effectiveness 
in the following four categories: 1) teaching; 2) academic advising and 
program development; 3) scholarly, professional and/or creative activities; 
and 4) institutional and/or community service. 

Qualifications: 

A Ph.D. in English 
Literature is preferred; ABD will be considered, but 
the degree must be completed by August 2008. Evidence of successful 
undergraduate teaching experience, along with a strong publication and 
conference presentation record. 

Contact Person: 

Please contact the search committee chair, Dr. Dianne Comiskey (dcomiskey@ 
rwu .edu) for further information. 

To Apply: 

Qualified applicants should send: 1) letter of intent including statements 
of teaching philosophy and research interests; 2) a current vita; 3) names 
and contact information of at least three references. Applications should 
be submitted to: 

English 
Literature Search Committee (ref. #FAC08–003), C/O Dean of 
Arts & Sciences, Roger Williams University, One Old Ferry Road, Bristol, 
Rhode Island 02809-2921 

Roger Williams University is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
committed 
to inclusive excellence and encourages applications from underrepresented 
populations. 

South Carolina 

Charleston Southern U 

En­glish, PO Box 118087 Charleston SC 29423 

Assistant Professor of English 
2096 

http:// www .csuniv .edu 

Description: Charleston Southern University invites applications for an 
Assistant Professor of English. 
Qualifications: A Ph.D. in English 
with 
evidence of excellence in teaching and potential for scholarly activity; 
preference is for Rhet/ Comp writing specialists with secondary education 
and NCATE experience. Applicants specializing in post-Victorian British 
literature will receive secondary preference. 

Responsibilities: Teaching assignments may include freshman composition 
and sophomore literature courses with occasional upper-level courses; 
additionally, faculty are called upon to observe student teaching, participate 
in academic advising, and fulfill other obligations. 

Application Process: Applicants should forward a letter of interest addressing 
qualifications and compatibility with the Universitys mission, current 
vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references 
to rphillip@ csuniv .edu or Human Resources Office, Charleston Southern 
University, P.O. Box 118087, Charleston, SC 29423-8087, (843) 863- 



8070. Direct questions regarding the position to Dr. Scott Yarbrough, 
Chair, English 
Department (syarbrou@ csuniv .edu). 

Charleston Southern University (www .csuniv .edu) is an independent 
comprehensive university with over 3,200 students and offers over 30 
undergraduate majors and graduate degrees in Education, Business and 
Criminal Justice. The University is aff iliated with the South Carolina 
Baptist Convention and employs faculty who are professing Christians. 
Review of credentials will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. 

Charleston Southern University does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, national or ethnic origin, disability or sex. [R] 

Furman U 

En­glish, 3300 Poinsett Hwy Greenville SC 29613 

Assistant Professor of English 
1355 

The English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
to develop and offer a writing course in creative nonfiction and a course 
or courses that examine the documentary impulse in writing and film. 
Preference 
given to candidates with promising publication record and 
MFA or Ph.D. that will be in hand by 1 September 2008. Teaching load 
will be five courses per year, at least two of which will be upper-level 
courses. Department members can expect to contribute significantly to 
Furman’s new Freshman Seminar Program. In Fall 2008, Furman’s English 
Department will have 16 full-time tenure-track positions. We are 
actively seeking to increase the diversity of our faculty. Furman University 
is a private, independent liberal-arts college with 2600 students. Send 
letter of application, c.v., and writing sample of approximately 20 pages to 
Stanley Crowe, Chair, Department of English, 
Furman University, 3300 
Poinsett Highway, Greenville, SC 29613. Review of applications will 
begin immediately, and selected candidates will be invited to interview 
at the MLA Convention. Furman University is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of South Carolina, Beaufort 

En­glish, 801 Carteret St Beaufort SC 29902 

Non-Tenure Track Position in English 
Composition, Instructor 1909 

http:// uscjobs.sc.edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ frameset/ Frames 

The University of South Carolina Beaufort—located in South Carolina’s 
coastal islands, close to Hilton Head, Savannah, and Charleston—invites 
applications for a full-time, non-tenure-track English 
composition 
instructor. The successful candidate will teach a 4/4/2 (or 5/5) load of 
freshman composition and introduction to literature, with occasional 
composition courses at the upper-division level. Summer school teaching 
is possible on an as-needed basis. A commitment to teaching excellence, 
university service, and the development of USCB’s writing program is 
required; a commitment to scholarship and publication is encouraged but 
not required. The successful candidate will receive a two-year contract 
with the possibility of renewal, potentially leading to continuing appointment 
status. Salary will reflect the candidate’s training and experience and 
will include full benefits. Qualifications/ Requirements: Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Composition or a related field. 

Application procedures: Applicants must complete the Academic Personal 
Information form on-line at https:// uscjobs.sc.edu and are required to 
submit a letter of application, CV, unofficial transcripts, and at least three 
letters of recommendation. Final candidates will be required to submit 
official transcripts. Please see the Special Instructions to Applicants in the 
on-line system job posting. Items required which cannot be submitted 
electronically should be mailed to Chair, English 
Search Committee, c/o 
Human Resources, USC Beaufort, One University Boulevard, Bluffton, 
SC 29909. Initial review will begin November 15, 2007. 

If you have any problems or questions using the on-line system please 
contact the USCB Human Resources Office at 843 208-8144 for assistance. 
USC Beaufort is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
[R] 

Tennessee 

Rhodes C 

En­glish, 2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112 

Spence L. Wilson Distinguished Chair in Humanities 1384 

http:// www .rhodes .edu 

Rhodes College seeks applications and nominations for a newly-created 
endowed position, the Spence L. Wilson Distinguished Chair in Humanities. 
The person selected to this Chair will be a highly accomplished 
and active scholar-teacher engaged in the Humanities, eager to work 
with undergraduate students in a liberal arts setting to make an impact 
on the College and the wider community. The successful candidate will 
be someone with a record of engagement with undergraduates, able to 
communicate excitement and a sense of possibilities to both the College 
community and beyond. 

This position has not been allocated to any particular department and the 
range of scholarly concentrations is not limited to particular disciplines. 

In addition to a remuneration package commensurate with a tenured, endowed 
Chair appointment, this position offers substantial funding for research 
and scholarly activities. 

Nominations are requested by 1 November; applications by 30 November 
2007. Applications should include a letter detailing scholarly interests 
and record of and ideas for student engagement; and a curriculum vitae. 
Candidates who are under active consideration as the search progresses 
will be contacted for a list of references. 

Nomination and applications should be sent to Dr. Michael Leslie, Department 
of English, 
Chair, Spence L. Wilson Distinguished Chair 
Search Committee, Rhodes College, 2000 North Parkway, Memphis, 
TN 38112-1690 

Founded in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly selective, private, residential, 
undergraduate college, located in Memphis, Tennessee. We aspire to 
graduate students with a lifelong passion for learning, a compassion for others, 
and the ability to translate academic study and personal concern into 
effective leadership and action in their communities and the world. We encourage 
applications from candidates interested in helping us achieve this 
vision. Memphis has a metropolitan population of over one million and is 
the nations 18th largest metropolitan area. The city provides multiple opportunities 
for research and for cultural and recreational activities. 

Rhodes College is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity 
in the workforce. [R] 

Texas 

U of Texas, Pan American 

En­glish, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor Rhetoric and Composition 1732 

http:// www .utpa .edu/ dept/ english 


FY 07/08–36 DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH 

Rhetoric and Composition: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. 
PhD in English 
or related field required by August 2008. Scholarship and/ 
or teaching experience in literacy studies preferred. Secondary interests 
might include comparative or multi-cultural rhetoric, service learning, 
community based projects, new media, technology literacies, workplace 
literacies, or second language writing. The position has a 3–3 teaching 
load, and will initially consist of a combination of first-year composition, 
upper-division writing, and composition pedagogy courses, with the opportunity 
to develop undergraduate and graduate courses in area of specialization. 
Position begins Fall 2008. 

Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential 
as teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest 
in and enthusiasm for developing innovative curricula and projects in 
an institutional setting that emphasizes the intersection of scholarship and 



teaching. The successful candidate will be able to play a key role in further 
developing both a first-year writing program and an MA track in rhetoric, 
composition, and literacy studies with emphases in pedagogy, discourse 
studies, and professional writing. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities and individuals with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application specifying the position 
number and a C.V that includes graduate course work to English 
Dept. R/C Search, c/o Dean of College of Arts and Humanities, CAS 334, 
1201 W. University Drive, Edinburg Texas 78539-2999. Screening of applications 
will begin immediately. Position open until filled. This position 
is security-sensitive as defined by the Texas Education Code §51.215(c) and 
Texas Government Code §411.094(a)(2). Texas law requires faculty members 
whose primary language is not English 
to demonstrate proficiency in 
English 
as determined by a satisfactory grade of 500 or greater on the International 
Test of English 
as a Foreign Language (TOEFL). 

For more information about our department please visit our website: 
www .utpa .edu/ dept/ english. 


Pending budget approval. 

U of Texas, Pan American 

En­glish, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor Multiethnic American Literature 1733 

http:// www .utpa .edu/ dept/ english 


FY 07/08–37 DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH 

Multiethnic American Literature: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. 
Ph.D. in English 
or related field with a specialization in Multiethnic 
American Literature to begin Fall 2008. We are looking for a candidate 
whose research and teaching focuses on one or more US ethnic literature 
areas, preferably the literature and cultural study of the Latina/o diaspora, 
especially Chicana/o or Mexican American Literature, but are also interested 
in candidates with specializations in African American, Asian Pacific 
American, Caribbean American, Jewish American, Middle Eastern 
American, and/or Native American literature. The candidate will join 
a rapidly-growing University with a strong commitment to developing 
diverse programs and establishing ties to the community. The 3/3 load 
includes courses at both the undergraduate and masters level. Ph.D. required 
by August 2008. 

Send C.V., three letters of recommendation and a letter of application 
specifying the position to Dean Dahlia Guerra, College of Arts and Humanities, 
University of Texas Pan American, 1201 W. University Dr., Edinburg 
Texas 78539. Additional information will be requested after initial 
screening. Review of applications begins November 15; the position is 
open until filled. 

UTPA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, 
minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. This 
position is security-sensitive as def ined by the Texas Education Code 
§51.215(c) and Texas Government Code §411.094(a)(2). Texas law requires 
faculty members whose primary language is not English 
to demonstrate 
proficiency in English 
as determined by a satisfactory grade of 
500 or greater on the International Test of English 
as a Foreign Language 
(TOEFL). Pending budget approval. 

Virginia 

Christopher Newport U 

En­glish, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English 
(Technical Writing & Composition) 1546 

http:// www .cnu .edu 

Christopher Newport University Department of English 
invites applications 
for full-time, tenure-track position in technical writing and composition, 
effective August 2008. Requirements for tenure-track appointment 
include earned doctorate in either technical and professional communication 
or doctorate in composition and rhetoric grounded in technical and 
professional communication. Ph.D. in Literature will be considered if candidate 
has extensive teaching and/or workplace experience in technical, 
professional, or scientific writing. For all candidates, teaching experience 
in one or more of the following areas (grant writing, technical writing, 
public relations, or corporate business writing) and interest in developing 
student internships, industry contacts, and upper-division course in technical 
and professional writing desirable. Well qualified ABD candidates 
may be considered for restricted (non-tenure-track) appointment at rank 
of instructor. This position is expected to teach upper division courses in 
composition, business, and professional writing as well as first and second 
year composition seminars and other lower division courses in support of 
the Liberal Learning Core Curriculum. Successful candidates should possess 
broad knowledge of technical and professional communication, ability 
to teach effectively in Universitys Liberal Learning Core, promising 
scholarly agenda related to the area of appointment, and commitment to 
taking active part in the life and work of the Department and University. 
The Department of English 
offers concentrations in the following: Technical 
Writing, Creative Writing, Writing, Journalism, Literature, and 
Language Arts. Typical teaching load is 4–4 though we anticipate moving 
to 3–4 load Fall 2008. CNU, a vibrant, selective, state-supported liberal 
arts and sciences university of 4,800 students, is located on the Virginia 
Peninsula between Williamsburg and Virginia Beach. CNUs hallmark is 
outstanding teaching with a strong commitment to undergraduate education 
and liberal studies core. CNU will soon seek to shelter a Phi Beta 
Kappa chapter. The Fall 2007 freshman class of more than 1,200 students 
was selected from over 7,000 applicants and has an average SAT of about 
1171. For further information on CNU, please see www .cnu .edu. Successful 
candidates will be committed to effective and creative undergraduate 
teaching and to a program of scholarly activity having the potential to enrich 
the intellectual lives of the Universitys students. Successful candidates 
will be able to create and deliver rigorous courses and effectively assist students 
in meeting high academic expectations. Experience as a student or 
faculty member at a liberal arts and sciences institution desirable. To apply, 
send letter of application, curriculum vita, three letters of reference, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and duplicate copy of last graduate transcript 
to: Director of EO and Faculty Recruitment, English 
(Technical Writing 
and Composition) Faculty Search, Search #8345, Christopher Newport 
University, 1 University Place, Newport News, VA 23606-2998. Review 
of applications will begins 12/14/07. Applications received after 12/14/07 
accepted but considered only if needed. EOE [R] 

Hampden-Sydney C 

En­glish, College Rd Hampden-Sydney VA 23943 

Lecturer in Rhetoric 2466 

http:// www2.hsc .edu/ academics/ rhetoric/ 

Three-Year, Full-Time Lectureship in Rhetoric 

Hampden-Sydney College invites applications for a three-year, full-time 
lectureship in rhetoric, beginning August 2008. The successful candidate 
will teach seven writing courses per year, with maximum enrollments of 
fourteen students per section. Qualifications include college teaching experience 
and a Ph.D. in rhetoric, composition, or a related field, although 
candidates with a masters degree will be considered. Applicants with ESL 
certification and/or experience are encouraged to apply. 

One-Semester, Full-Time Lectureship in Rhetoric 

Hampden-Sydney College invites applications for a one-semester, fulltime 
lectureship in rhetoric as a sabbatical replacement for Fall 2008. The 
successful candidate will teach four writing courses with maximum enrollments 
of fourteen students per section. Qualifications include college 
teaching experience and a masters degree in rhetoric, composition, or a 
related field. 

Hampden-Sydney College, located on a beautiful 1000-acre campus in 
Virginia, is a selective liberal arts college for men enrolling about 1,100 
students. Hampden-Sydney’s Rhetoric Program, praised and supported by 
its administration, faculty, and alumni as a central part of the curriculum, 
was established in 1978 with the mandate that students be able to write 



clearly, cogently, and grammatically. A minor in rhetoric offers students 
extensive study in both writing and speaking. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference 
to Professor Claire Deal, Director of the Rhetoric Program, Hampden- 
Sydney College, Hampden-Sydney, VA 23943. Review of applications 
begins February 1, 2008. Hampden-Sydney College is an equal-opportunity, 
affirmative-action employer. 
[R] 

Randolph-Macon C 

En­glish, PO Box 5005 Ashland VA 23005 

Tenure track-16th-17th century English 
literature 1713 

http:// rmc .edu 

Tenure-track position in English 
to begin in fall 2008. Specialization in 
16th-or 17th-century 
literature. Ph.D. required at commencement of duties. 
Responsibilities include teaching within an interdisciplinary firstyear 
program as well as teaching major courses on non-dramatic literature. 
Teaching load is six courses per year. A strong commitment to undergraduate 
education in a liberal arts environment is essential. Please send 
letter of application and vita, including three letters of recommendation, 
to Amy Goodwin, Chair, Department of English, 
Randolph-Macon College, 
P.O. Box 5005, Ashland, VA 23005. We will be interviewing at 
MLA. Minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. EOE 

U of Virginia 

En­glish/ American Studies, PO Box 400121, 219 Bryan Hall 
Charlottesville VA 22904 

Associate or Professor in English 
2461 

http:// https:// jobs .virginia .edu 

The English 
Department of the University of Virginia invites applications 
for an Associate or Full Professorship with tenure in the area of nineteenth-
century 
studies (British, American, or transnational). The position 
includes the duties of the Director of the Networked Infrastructure 
for Nineteenth-century 
Electronic Scholarship (NINES) and will carry 
a commensurate salary, as well as substantial funds for the NINES initiative 
and its required technical personnel. The academic appointment will 
begin on August 25, 2008. Candidates will possess a record of excellence 
in scholarship and teaching, as well as strong promise in project management 
and resource development. The position will require expertise in 
digital humanities. Interested candidates must apply online at Jobs@ UVA, 
posting number jobs .virginia .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=53616. 
Candidates are required to complete a candidate profile and attach a cover 
letter, CV, and a separate list/ word file containing the names and contact 
information of three references. For immediate consideration, please apply 
before February 1, 2008. We expect to conduct interviews in March of 
2008. The position will remain open, however, until filled. Inquiries may 
be directed to Herbert Tucker, Search Committee Chair, ninessearch@ 
virginia .edu. 

The University of Virginia is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer 
committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. 
We strongly encourage applications from women and under-represented 
minorities. 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

World Studies Sch, PO Box 842019 Richmond VA 23284 

Initiative in Cultural and Media Studies 2523 

http:// www .vcu .edu 

The College of Humanities and Sciences of Virginia Commonwealth 
University announces a hiring initiative in Cultural and Media Studies. 

We seek a group of dynamic scholars whose work would contribute significantly 
to the interdisciplinary climate of the College of Humanities and 
Sciences. Currently, the College of Humanities and Sciences hosts a number 
of innovative programs such as an interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Media, 
Art, and Text, a Science, Technology, and Society (STS) program, established 
programs in American Studies and British Studies, a Ph.D. in Public 
Policy and Administration, and a growing program in global cinema. 

We seek applicants and nominations of scholars with competence in research 
areas that would complement and extend our presence in areas such 
as Cultural Studies, Media Studies, Womens Studies, and Science, Technology, 
and Society. While we encourage applications from a wide range 
of interests and disciplines, we particularly seek scholars whose research 
and teaching interests fall within the following areas: 

Cultural Studies-with a focus on literary and popular culture 

Film Studies 

Multimedia Studies, Transpositions of Old and New Media 

Policy and Political Communication 

Sexuality, The Body, and Identity 

Media and Gender 

Social and Cultural Understanding of Health and Illness 

Ideal candidates will possess an earned doctorate in a relevant discipline(s) 
and will be appointed in an appropriate academic unit. Rank and salary 
will be determined by qualifications. Areas of research and teaching 
specializations are open. We seek scholars able to teach graduate and advanced 
undergraduate courses, as well as introductory courses (e.g. Introduction 
to Cultural Studies, Introduction to Media Studies, Introduction 
to Film Studies, Introduction to Womens Studies) or courses within established 
disciplines. Desirable candidates will have a theoretically motivated 
research agenda coupled with a secondary expertise or teaching 
interest in a humanities unit. 

Applications, preferably emailed, should include a current cv, copies of 
relevant publications, and a list of at least three references. Letters of application 
should specifically address why the candidate seeks to work in an 
innovative, interdisciplinary environment, and the ways in which the candidate 
envisages working with and furthering the goals of the initiative. 

Consideration of application materials begins immediately and will continue 
until filled. 

Positions contingent upon funding. 

Send inquires, applications, and nominations to: Dr. Catherine Ingrassia, 
Chair, CM Search Committee, Office of the Dean, College of Humanities 
and Sciences, Box 842019, Virginia Commonwealth University, 
Richmond, VA 23284-2019, Email: cingrass@ vcu .edu 

VCU is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 


Women, minorities and persons with disabilities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Washington 

Saint Martin’s U 

Humanities, 5300 Pacific Av SE Lacey WA 98503 

Assistant Professor of English 
2383 

http:// www .stmartin .edu 

Pending f inal budget approval, Saint Martin’s University announces a 
tenure-track position in English 
at the Assistant Professor level starting 
in Fall, 2008. Ph.D. required. Primary responsibilities include teaching 
writing and sophomore literature classes and occasional courses in areas of 
the candidate’s expertise (desirable specialties include, but are not limited 
to, history of English, 
world literature, ecocriticism, eighteenth-century 
British literature, twentieth-century 
British and American poetry). We 
seek candidates with a strong commitment to teaching excellence and 
scholarship. Normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per semester 
or its equivalent. Salary is $42,497 plus benefits; additional summer 
teaching possible. Send letter of application and vita (no dossiers, please, 
unless requested) to Keri Graham, Humanities Administrative Assistant, 
Saint Martin’s University, 5300 Pacific Avenue, S.E., Lacey, Washington 
98503. Applications will be acknowledged. MLA interviews likely. Apply 
immediately if interested. Saint Martin’s is a growing comprehensive co



educational university with a strong liberal arts tradition; it is the educational 
apostolate of Saint Martin’s Abbey, a Benedictine monastery of 
the Roman Catholic Church. It is located near Olympia, the state capital, 
at the southern tip of Puget Sound, and is within easy driving distance 
of Seattle, Mount Rainier and Pacific Ocean beaches. Candidates must 
be supportive of a Catholic Benedictine philosophy of education. Saint 
Martin’s University is EOE/AA. [R] 

Washington SU 

En­glish, 2710 University Drive Richland WA 99354 

Assistant Professor of English (Rhetoric and Composition, Technical 
Communication) 1299 

http:// www .chr .wsu .edu 

Assistant Professor of English 
with expertise in rhetoric and professional 
writing to begin August, 2008 for WSUs growing Tri-Cities campus. 
Responsibilities will include teaching lower-and upper-division writing 
courses and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition, and serving as 
the campus Writing Program Administrator. Desirable areas of scholarship 
include composition theory, multimodal composition, rhetorical theory, 
and technical communication. Candidates will possess evidence of scholarly 
potential, demonstrated ability to teach at the college level, work in 
diverse, multi-cultural communities and will demonstrate the ability to 
contribute to the goals and growth of the department and the campus. 
Candidates must have their Ph.D in hand by date of hire. Review of applications 
will begin 9 November 2007. Send letter of application, cv, three 
current letters of reference, and a writing sample (maximum 20 pages) to 
Kristy Gutierrez, Clerical Manager, English 
Search Committee, Liberal 
Arts, Washington State University Tri-Cities, 2710 University Dr., Richland 
WA 99354-1671. Refer to search 4858 at www .chr .wsu .edu for more 
complete information. WSU is an EEO educator and employer. 
[R] 

Whitman C 

Provost and Dean of the Faculty, 345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
(Creating Writing, Fiction) 2354 

http:// www .whitman .edu 

One-year position, beginning August 2008. MFA or Ph.D. with fiction 
writing emphasis and evidence of publication required. Teaching responsibilities 
include introductory and upper-level courses in Creative Writing, 
introductory literature courses, and composition. Three courses per 
semester. Whitman College wishes to reinforce its commitment to enhance 
diversity, broadly defined, recognizing that to provide a diverse 
learning environment is to prepare students for personal and professional 
success in an increasingly multicultural and global society. In their application, 
candidates are strongly encouraged to address their potential 
contribution to the promotion of diversity, a core value of the Whitman 
College community; their interest in working with undergraduates as 
teachers and scholars in a liberal arts environment that emphasizes close 
student-faculty interaction; and their interest in participating in the College’s 
general education offerings. Deadline: Postmark by Friday, February 
22, 2008. Materials should include a letter of application; curriculum 
vitae; writing sample; undergraduate and graduate transcripts; teaching 
evaluations or other evidence of demonstrated or potential excellence 
in undergraduate instruction; and a dossier with three letters of recommendation 
(have recommendations sent directly from the referee or enclosed 
in the dossier). Send to: Professor Roberta Davidson, Chair of the 
Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, 
Whitman 
College, 345 Boyer Ave, Walla Walla, WA 99362. Applications will be 
acknowledged. No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis 
of race, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital 
status, religion, creed, or disability. Whitman College, located in the 
scenic Columbia Basin, is a small, selective, liberal arts college dedicated 
to providing excellent educational opportunities for students. The College 
has a generous sabbatical leave program and professional development 
support for both research and teaching. For additional information about 
Whitman College and the Walla Walla area, see www .whitman .edu and 
www .wallawalla .org. [R] 

Wisconsin 

Milwaukee Sch of Engineering 

General Studies Department, 1025 N. Broadway Milwaukee WI 53202 

Assistant Professor of General Studies 2367 

http:// www .msoe .edu/hr 

The interdisciplinary General Studies Department at the Milwaukee 
School of Engineering is seeking a full-time faculty member to teach 
courses in composition, technical composition and speech, as well as a 
freshman-level interdisciplinary humanities class, and (depending upon 
competencies) an occasional upper-division communication, technical 
communication or humanities course. (An ability to teach a foreign 
language would be a plus). Employment is based on long-term contracts, 
with institutional peer performance reviews at regular intervals. MSOE is 
a teaching institution, so primary emphasis is on excellence in the classroom. 
Some engagement in scholarly activity is also expected. Teaching 
experience and a Ph.D. in Composition, Communication or a Humanities 
subject area field are required. Salary is commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. An institution that also offers degrees in business, 
nursing, and technical communication, the Milwaukee School of Engineering 
is located on the beautiful east side of downtown Milwaukee, just 
blocks from Lake Michigan and within easy walking distance of the citys 
highly acclaimed fine arts and entertainment venues. Please send a letter 
of interest, a current curriculum vita, and evidence of successful teaching, 
including (but not limited to) a statement of teaching philosophy, to Dr. 
David Kent, Chair, General Studies Department, the Milwaukee School 
of Engineering, 1025 N Broadway, Milwaukee, WI 53202-3109. (Applications 
will be acknowledged by e-mail). MSOE is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

En­glish, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Linguistics 531 

http:// www .uwlax .edu/ vacancies 

The English 
Department at the University of Wisconsin La Crosse invites 
applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Linguistics, beginning 
Fall 2008. We seek a new colleague who is an engaging teacher and 
scholar with a strong commitment to undergraduate education. Primary 
upper level teaching responsibilities are in general linguistics, modern 
grammars, and history of language, as well as regular assignments in General 
Education courses and Freshman writing. Desirable secondary areas 
of expertise include developmental writing, ESL and TESOL, multicultural 
linguistics, Asian and Asian-American language, literature, and culture, 
multicultural English 
education, including childrens and adolescent 
literature, language studies for teacher education, and disability studies, 
disability culture, and deaf studies. The UW-L English 
Department has 
a strong commitment to multicultural and international education and 
is currently developing a degree partnership with a Chinese university. 
Opportunities exist for curriculum development and reform in these and 
other areas related to linguistics and to secondary area(s) of expertise. 

A PhD in Linguistics, or English 
with a strong concentration in linguistics, 
in hand by August 25, 2008, is required, as well as a strong record 
of undergraduate teaching, including Freshman writing. Teaching load is 
4/4. We offer a very competitive salary and excellent benefits. 

The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is one of 13 four-year campuses 
in the University of Wisconsin System, with around 9,000 students enrolled 
in a variety of liberal arts and professional programs. 

La Crosse (pop. 51,000) is regularly ranked as one of the best small metropolitan 
communities in the U.S. The city is set among scenic bluffs along 



the Mississippi River at the Minnesota/ Wisconsin border, within easy 
driving distance to Minneapolis, Chicago, Milwaukee, and Madison. 

As an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
The University of 
Wisconsin La Crosse is engaged in an effort to be a leader in Wisconsins 
movement toward increased diversity and inclusiveness. Women, persons 
of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to apply. If you 
have a special need or accommodation to assist in your participation in the 
hiring process please contact Dr. Richard Sullivan at (608) 785-8295 to 
make appropriate arrangements. To learn more about the English 
Department 
visit http:// www .uwlax .edu/ english. 
To learn more about the position 
and the university, visit http:// www .uwlax .edu/ vacancies . 

To apply, send a letter of application, a current vita, official transcripts, 
and three current letters of recommendation to Dr. Richard Sullivan, 
Chair, English 
Department, University of Wisconsin La Crosse, 1725 
State Street, La Crosse, Wisconsin, 54601. All application materials must 
be received no later than December 14, 2007. Initial interviews at the 
Chicago MLA. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, UW-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Milwaukee 

En­glish, PO Box 413 Curtin Hall, Rm 413 Milwaukee WI 53201 

Assistant Professor 1912 

http:// www .uwm .edu/ Dept/ English/ 


The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee English 
Department seeks a 
tenure-track assistant professor with a specialization in fiction writing. 
Additional area of expertise such as contemporary/ post-WW II American 
literature, world literatures in English, 
nonfiction writing, or professional 
writing highly desirable, as is experience/ interest in program administration 
and online pedagogy. Requirements: PhD (preferred) or MFA 
in creative writing, a significant record of published fiction, an excellent 
teaching record, and a willingness to work within a large, innovative 
MA/PhD graduate program. Preference will be given to candidates who 
have published a novel or collection of short stories. 

Send letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation and writing 
sample to Professor Andrew Martin, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, Box 413, Milwaukee, WI 53201. 
Review of candidates will begin November 19, 2007 and continue until 
position is f illed. UW-Milwaukee is an AA/EEO employer. 
To learn 
more, see http:// www .uwm .edu/ letsci/ jobs/ index .html 

Canadian Institutions 

Simon Fraser U 

Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences, 250-13450 102nd Ave Surrey BC V3T 
Canada 

Associate or Full Professor /Director, World Literature Program 2518 

http:// www .sfu.ca/vpacademic/ Faculty_ Openings 

Simon Fraser University seeks a Director for its new programs in World 
Literature, beginning July 1, 2008. The major, minor, and honors programs 
in World Literature are comparative with a focus on intercultural 
exchange. MA and PhD programs in World Literature may be considered 
for development at SFU Surrey in the future. 

Excellence in research and teaching and extraordinary diversity distinguish 
Simon Fraser University as a Canadian and global university. The 
diversity of the student body at the Universitys three closely connected 
urban campusesat Surrey, Burnaby and Vancouverreflects the multiculturalism 
of Vancouvers metropolitan region. 

The appointment will be at the rank of Associate or Full Professor. While 
tenure-track faculty at SFU have a 2/2 teaching load and teach in two 
of the Universitys three trimesters, program directors are offloaded one 
course in each teaching semester for administrative responsibilities. 

Applicants for this position must hold a doctoral degree with a comparative 
focus, have expertise in two linguistic, literary and cultural traditions, and 
be proficient in two languages other than English. 
Applications are encouraged 
from scholars with cross cultural research and/or teaching interests, 
such as east/ west or north/ south exchange. Appointments will be made 
commensurate with experience in research, teaching, and administration. 

Applicants should submit a detailed letter of application that addresses 
current and future interests in research and teaching as well as administrative 
philosophy and experience. The letter must be accompanied by a curriculum 
vitae and two examples of peer-reviewed publications. Please also 
include a teaching dossier with a short statement of teaching philosophy, 
three sample syllabi, and evidence of excellence in teaching. If applicable, 
include a summary of your experience in curricular development, in departmental 
or university governance, and in mentoring new scholars. Applicants 
must also arrange for three letters of reference to be sent directly 
to Dr. Heather Dawkins at the address below. 

The deadline for applications is February 15, 2008 or until the positions 
are filled. 

All materials should be sent to: Dr. Heather Dawkins, Associate Dean, 
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, Simon Fraser University Surrey, Central 
City 250-13450 102nd Avenue, Surrey, BC, V3T 0A3 Canada 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to the principle of equity in employment and offers equal employment 
opportunities to qualified applicants. The position is subject to 
final budgetary approval. 

Under the authority of the University Act personal information that is required 
by the University for academic appointment competitions will be 
collected. For further details see the Collection Notice at http:// www .sfu. 
ca/vpacademic/ Faculty_ Openings/ Collection_ Notice .html [R] 

U of Waterloo 

En­glish, HH 253 Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 Canada 

Open-Rank Position in Literary Studies 2091 

http:// english 
.uwaterloo.ca/ 

Senior scholars are invited to apply for an open-rank position in Literary 
Studies in the Department of English 
Language and Literature at the University 
of Waterloo. The Department will consider applicants working in 
all areas of Literary Study in English 
including historical periods, national 
or diasporic literatures, cultural movements, genres, and theories. The 
Faculty of Arts at the University of Waterloo is currently promoting several 
pertinent research themes, including Culture, Identity, and Memory; 
Global Engagement; Cognitive Science; and Creativity and Performance. 
The successful candidate will be offered a wide range of teaching experiences 
from first year undergraduate courses through to graduate teaching 
and supervision of doctoral students. In addition to undergraduate 
programs in Literature, Literature and Rhetoric, and Rhetoric and Professional 
Writing, our Department offers innovative MA programs in Literary 
Studies and in Rhetoric and Communication Design, as well as a 
unique PhD that integrates Literary Studies with fields of Rhetoric, Writing, 
Discourse and Text Analysis, and Media Theory and Design. As the 
Department promotes an integrated research culture, secondary expertise 
in any area of rhetoric or language study will be considered an asset. 
The teaching load is 2 + 2, which normally includes one graduate course. 
Salary will be commensurate with rank and experience. Please visit our 
website at http:// english 
.uwaterloo .ca for more information about the 
Department. 
Appointment date flexible. 

The successful candidate will have the opportunity to participate in the 
growth of the Humanities and Graduate Studies in Waterloos Faculty of 
Arts. The University of Waterloo is a research-intensive public institution, 
with the largest and most successful cooperative education program 
in North America. In last years Macleans Magazine national rankings, 
Waterloo was named one of the top three comprehensive universities in 
the country and has ranked Best Overall university in Canada in the na



tional reputational survey in 12 out of the last 15 years. The university is 
located in a mid-sized city in the heart of Canadas Technology Triangle, 
one hour from Toronto, fifty minutes from Pearson International Airport. 
Consideration of applications will begin on March 4, 2008. Please send 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, and supporting documents (graduate 
transcripts, writing sample), and arrange for three letters of reference 
to be sent to: Dr. Kevin McGuirk, Chair, Department of English 
Language 
and Literature, University of Waterloo, Waterloo ON N2L 3G1. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. The University of Waterloo 
encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, 
members of visible minorities, native peoples and persons with disabilities. 
This appointment is subject to the availability of funds. [R] 

Ambrose University C 

En­glish Literature, 833–4th Avenue SW Calgary AB T2P 3T5 Canada 

Assistant Professor of English 
Literature 1741 

http:// www .ambrose .edu 

Ambrose University College invites applications for a permanent position 
in English, 
at the rank of Assistant professor, effective 1 August 2008 or 
earlier. The area of specialty is open, yet preference will be given to candidates 
who specialize in literature prior to 1800. Successful candidates will 
demonstrate a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching informed 
by research, and be able to teach first-year composition and survey courses 
as well as senior courses in one or more areas of specialization. Candidates 
must have a completed or nearly completed Ph.D. and be committed to 
integrating Christian faith and academic excellence. 

The review of applications will remain open until the position is filled. 
Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. Applicants 
should send a curriculum vitae, letter of application, writing sample, 
statement of teaching philosophy, transcripts, and arrange to have three 
referees to write directly to 

Dr. Bernie Potvin, Dean of Arts & Science, Ambrose University College, 
630, 833 Fourth Avenue S.W. ,Calgary, Alberta, T2P 3T5, PH: (403) 410- 
2000 ext. 5912, FAX: (403) 571-2556, bpotvin@ ambrose .edu 

Overseas Institutions 

American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

English 
as a Foreign Language 944 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008. (see the New Campus website at http:// www 
.aucegypt .edu/ aboutauc/ CampusandFacilities/ NewCampus/ Pages/ default 
.aspx ). AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the Commission 
on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and 
Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and the Management 
program is accredited by AACSB. For more information visit our 
website at www .aucegypt .edu. 

English 
as a Foreign Language. The English 
Language Institute anticipates 
several openings for English 
Language instructors to teach English 
as a Foreign Language to pre-freshman or freshman university students. 
Candidates able to teach in a Rhetoric and Composition program as well 
as the English 
intensive program will be given special consideration. Position 
# ELI-1/2–08 

Masters degree in TEFL/ TESL is required. Several years of teaching experience, 
including international experience, are preferred, along with EAP 
experience and a commitment to instructional improvement. Experience 
in curriculum and materials development, academic reading and writing, 
testing, and/or CALL/ instructional technology is highly desirable. 
Appointment will be made at Instructor level on a two-year (renewable) 
contract. Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 
2007; applications accepted until positions are filled. 

One-two-or three-year appointments, subject to mutual agreement will 
begin September 2008. Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional 
needs and/or the appointee’s performance. 

Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications and professional 
experience. For expatriates, benef its include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

For complete details and application information: http:// aucegypt 
.interviewexchange 
.com. 

The American University in Cairo is an EEO Employer. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

American Literature 948 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008. (see the New Campus website at http:// www 
.aucegypt .edu/ aboutauc/ CampusandFacilities/ NewCampus/ Pages/ default 
.aspx ). AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the Commission 
on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and 
Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and the Management 
program is accredited by AACSB. For more information visit our 
website at www .aucegypt .edu. 

English 
Literature: The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature 
anticipates two vacancies to teach undergraduate and MA-level courses: 

American Literature: American Literature/ Literature of the Americas 
with knowledge of American Studies and a strong scholarly and pedagogical 
interest in the relation between American Studies and its regional/ 
hemispheric/ international contexts. Successful candidate will also teach 
appropriate humanities courses in the Universitys freshman and sophomore 
Core Curriculum. 

Position # ECL-1–08 

World/ Comparative Literature: Interdisciplinary perspective and ability 
to teach across two or more periods of the canonical Anglophone literature 
curriculum. Proven scholarly and pedagogical interest in the Middle 
East, in particular, and the global south more generally will be given special 
consideration. Successful candidate will also teach appropriate humanities 
courses in the Universitys freshman and sophomore level Core 
Curriculum. Position # ECL-2–08 

Ph.D. is required and teaching experience is preferred. It is a tenure track 
position, after initial two or three year (renewable) appointment. Priority 
will be given to applications received by November 1, 2007. Initial interviews 
may be held at the MLA conference. 

One-two-or three-year appointments, subject to mutual agreement will 
begin September 2008. Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional 
needs and/or the appointee’s performance. 

Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications and professional 
experience. For expatriates, benef its include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

For complete details and application information: 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

The American University in Cairo is an EEO Employer. 




American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

World/ Comparative Literature 950 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

American University in Cairo 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008. (see the New Campus website at http:// www 
.aucegypt .edu/ aboutauc/ CampusandFacilities/ NewCampus/ Pages/ default 
.aspx ). AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the Commission 
on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and 
Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and the Management 
program is accredited by AACSB. For more information visit our 
website at www .aucegypt .edu. 

English 
Literature: The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature 
anticipates two vacancies to teach undergraduate and MA-level courses: 

American Literature: American Literature/ Literature of the Americas 
with knowledge of American Studies and a strong scholarly and pedagogical 
interest in the relation between American Studies and its regional/ 
hemispheric/ international contexts. Successful candidate will also teach 
appropriate humanities courses in the Universitys freshman and sophomore 
Core Curriculum. 

Position # ECL-1–08 

World/ Comparative Literature: Interdisciplinary perspective and ability 
to teach across two or more periods of the canonical Anglophone literature 
curriculum. Proven scholarly and pedagogical interest in the Middle 
East, in particular, and the global south more generally will be given special 
consideration. Successful candidate will also teach appropriate humanities 
courses in the Universitys freshman and sophomore level Core 
Curriculum. Position # ECL-2–08 

Ph.D. is required and teaching experience is preferred. It is a tenure track 
position, after initial two or three year (renewable) appointment. Priority 
will be given to applications received by November 1, 2007. Initial interviews 
may be held at the MLA conference. 

One-two-or three-year appointments, subject to mutual agreement will 
begin September 2008. Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional 
needs and/or the appointee’s performance. 

Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications and professional 
experience. For expatriates, benef its include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

For complete details and application information: 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

The American University in Cairo is an EEO Employer. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Film Historian/ Theorist 941 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008. (see the New Campus website at http:// www 
.aucegypt .edu/ aboutauc/ CampusandFacilities/ NewCampus/ Pages/ default 
.aspx ). AUC’s degree programs are accredited by the Commission 
on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and 
Schools; Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and the Management 
program is accredited by AACSB. For more information visit our 
website at www .aucegypt .edu. 

Film Historian/ Theorist. The interdisciplinary Department of Performing 
and Visual Arts anticipates a vacancy for a Film Historian/ Theorist. 
The successful candidate will teach the introductory film and selected 
courses in film, film/ video production, and other areas within his/ her 
special field of expertise, as well as organize campus film events, occasionally 
in conjunction with community organizations and/or international 
festivals. Position # Film-1–08 

Ph.D. required. It is a tenure track position, after an initial two-year (renewable) 
contract. Interest in Third World cinema and significant production 
experience are a plus. The film specialist will work closely with 
the dynamic faculty in theatre, art, and music to craft premier academic 
and performance programs. Priority will be given to applications received 
by December 15, 2007. 

One-two-or three-year appointments, subject to mutual agreement will 
begin September 2008. Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional 
needs and/or the appointee’s performance. 

Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications and professional 
experience. For expatriates, benef its include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

For complete details and application information: 

http:// aucegypt .interviewexchange .com 

The American University in Cairo is an EEO Employer. 


American U of Kuwait 

Academic Affairs, PO Box 3323 Safat 13034 Kuwait 

English 
Faculty-Multiple Positions 2278 

http:// www .auk .edu.kw 

English 
(Position Code No. 07207-AUKWEB7): Teach undergraduate 
writing courses, including Freshman Composition, Writing & Information 
Literacy, Business Writing, and Public Speaking to a diverse, primarily 
non-native-English-
speaking student body. The successful candidate will 
have a minimum of three years experience teaching writing at the college 
level, a strong background in writing pedagogy, a commitment to lowerdivision 
teaching, and an excellent teaching record. Preference given to 
candidates with TESL experience and secondary interests in Medieval/ 
Renaissance or Early American literature. Ph.D. in English 
required. 

English 
(Position Code No. 07208-AUKWEB7): Writing Program Coordinator. 
Split teaching/ administrative position in the English 
Program. 
Teach a variety of undergraduate writing courses (Freshman Composition, 
Writing & Information Literacy, Business Writing, etc.) to a diverse, 
primarily non-native-English-
speaking student body, and coordinate the 
Writing Program (curriculum development, course scheduling, and student 
advising and placement). Additional duties include managing the 
Writing Center. The successful candidate will have a minimum of three 
years experience teaching writing at the college level, a strong background 
in writing pedagogy, a commitment to lower-division teaching, an excellent 
teaching record, and at least one year writing program administrative 
experience. Preference given to candidates with experience in TESL 
and interests in Professional Writing, Global Communication, Technical 
Writing, and/or Applied Linguistics. Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric, 
English, 
or Applied Linguistics required. 

The American University of Kuwait (AUK) is a new, private, co-educational 
university in Kuwait organized on the U.S. model of undergraduate 
liberal arts education. The University is accredited by the Council for 
Private Universities of the Kuwait Ministry of Higher Education. AUK 
also has a Memorandum of Understanding with Dartmouth College and 
is seeking U.S. accreditation. Visit the AUK website (www .auk .edu.kw) 
to learn about the degree programs, university facilities, and campus life. 

Faculty rank will be determined by the candidate’s degree, previous employment, 
and professional history. Contracts are normally issued for 3 



years and are renewable. Visiting appts for 2 years or less may be available. 
U.S. interviews will be held in Washington D.C. 

Benefits Package: AUK offers a comprehensive benefits package. There 
is no personal income tax in Kuwait. For international hires, benefits include 
roundtrip travel for faculty members and dependents, health insurance 
for employee and family members, tuition allowance for up to two 
children through high school, accommodation subsidy, annual summer 
leave travel for faculty and dependents, and an end-of-contract indemnity. 
AUK is an equal opportunity employer, 
fully committed to becoming a 
model university of the twenty-first century in the region. 

Application Instructions: Email a letter of interest, current CV, and names 
and email addresses of three professional references to faculty@ auk .edu. 
kw. Evidence of successful teaching, official transcripts, and three current 
letters of recommendation are required before appointment. [R] 

Bar Ilan U 

En­glish, Ramat Gan 52900 Israel 

open-rank Instructor of 18th/19th C. English 
Literature 2544 

http:// www .biu.ac.il/hu/en 

A candidate specializing in 18th or 19th century British Literature, or history 
of the novel. Administrative experience/ abilities a plus. The candidate 
should have a PhD in Literature, teaching experience, desire to live 
in Israel and speak Hebrew. Courses will be taught in English. 


Please send a letter of application and detailed vita (including a list of references) 
by January 30, 2008 to Prof. Susan Handelman, Chair, Department 
of English: 
susanhandelman@ gmail .com 

http:// www .biu.ac.il/HU/en 

Bar Ilan U 

En­glish, Ramat Gan 52900 Israel 

Director of Graduate Program in Creative Writing and Instructor of English 
or American Literature 2545 

http:// www .biu.ac.il/hu/en/cw 

A candidate combining experience teaching creative writing (poetry or 
prose) workshops at the master’s level and/or administering a creative 
writing program-and who also specializes in a traditional literary period 
and can teach courses in that area. Rank open. The candidate should have 
a PhD in Literature, several years of teaching experience, desire to live in 
Israel and speak Hebrew. Courses will be taught in English. 
http:// www 
.biu.ac.il/HU/en/cw 

Please send a letter of application and detailed vita (including a list of references) 
by January 30th, 2008 to Prof. Susan Handelman, Chair, Department 
of English: 
susanhandelman@ gmail .com 

Bilkent U 

Humanities & Letters, Bilkent, Ankara 06533 Turkey 

Professor of English 
Literature 2160 

http:// elit .bilkent .edu.tr/ 

The English 
Language and Literature Department of Faculty Humanities 
and Letters at Bilkent University invites applications for one faculty position 
(associate or full professor) in the areas of 

16th and 17th Century Literature 

Shakespeare 

The Neoclassical Age 

Victorian Poetry 

20th Century British Drama 

20th Century Poetry 

International Baccalaureate 

Examiner Training and Recruitment, Peterson House Malthouse 
Avenue Cardiff CF23 Wales 

Assistant Examiner 1471 

http:// www .ibo .org/ examiners 

International Baccalaureate 

The International Baccalaureate (IB) is a recognized leader in the field of 
international education, encouraging students to be active learners, wellrounded 
individuals and engaged world citizens. Founded in 1968, the IB 
currently works with 1,720 schools in 122 countries to develop and offer 
three challenging programmes to more than 200,000 students aged 3 to 19 
years. Further details are available on the IBs public web site (www .ibo .org). 

Become an IB Diploma Programme Examiner 

As a consequence of continued growth in the number of candidates entering 
the IB Diploma Programme for the 16 to 19 year age group, the IB 
is seeking applications from professional educators worldwide to become 
assistant examiners. 

Becoming an IB examiner will help your Professional Development; you 
will learn from our senior examiners and gain an insight into the IB assessment 
process. 

Assistant examiner positions are available for the May 2008 examination 
session in: 

English 
A1 (Literature) 

German A1 (Literature) 

Spanish A1 (Literature) 

Dutch A1 (Literature) 

English 
A2 (for fluent speakers) 

Swedish A2 (for fluent speakers) 

Dutch A2 (for fluent speakers) 

English 
B (as a foreign language) 

French B (as a foreign language) 

Spanish B (as a foreign language) 

Japanese B (as a foreign language) 

Dutch B (as a foreign language) 

Italian ab initio (for beginners) 

Previous experience of examining is desirable, but not essential. All applicants 
must have e-mail and access to the Internet in an environment that 
is suitable for marking examination material. 

For further details and an application form, please visit www .ibo .org/ examiners. 
Completed application forms should be sent to the address below, 
quoting the reference MLA-07. Any enquiries should be sent by e-mail to 
examrecruit@ ibo .org. 

Examiner Training and Recruitment, International Baccalaureate, Peterson 
House, Malthouse Avenue, Cardiff CF23 8GL, Wales 

Deadline for applications: 21 December 2007 

Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, Administration Building 50 Nanyang 
Avenue 639798 Singapore 

Assistant Professor, Comparative Literature 1188 

http:// www .ntu .edu.sg/hss/ 

The Division of English 
at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position in Comparative 
Literature. An emphasis on Asian literature is especially welcome. 
Secondary specializations will also be an advantage. Teaching workload 
is commensurate with the expectation that faculty will pursue an active 
research and publication agenda. PhD by July 2008 required. 

NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is committed 
to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in a multi



cultural environment. It offers competitive annual salaries, strong research 
support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. Review of 
applications begins November 15, 2007, and will continue until the position 
is filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
recommendation, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample 
to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, 
School of Humanities & Social 
Sciences S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798. NTU is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, Administration Building 50 Nanyang 
Avenue 639798 Singapore 

Assistant Professor, Pre-1800 British Literature 1187 

http:// www .ntu .edu.sg/hss/ 

The Division of English 
at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenurable faculty position in pre-1800 
British literature (any period). Secondary specializations are welcome. 
PhD by July 2008 required. 

The teaching load for Faculty in the Division of English 
is commensurate 
with the expectation that they pursue an active research and publication 
agenda. NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is 
committed to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in 
a multicultural environment. It offers competitive annual salaries, strong 
research support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. 

Review of applications begins November 15, 2007, and will continue 
until the position is filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
three letters of recommendation, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and 
a writing sample to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, 
School of 
Humanities & Social Sciences S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 
639798. NTU is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, Administration Building 50 Nanyang 
Avenue 639798 Singapore 

Assistant Professor of Nineteenth-Century 
American Literature 1186 

http:// www .ntu .edu.sg/hss/ 

The Division of English 
at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
(NTU) invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position in Nineteenth-
Century 
American Literature. Secondary specializations are welcome. 
Teaching workload is commensurate with the expectation that 
faculty will pursue an active research and publication agenda. PhD by 
July 2008 required. 

NTU is a rapidly growing, progressive research university that is committed 
to contributing to a comprehensive educational experience in a multicultural 
environment. It offers competitive annual salaries, strong research 
support, and is committed to nurturing faculty development. Review of 
applications begins November 15, 2007, and will continue until the position 
is filled. To apply, send cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
recommendation, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample 
to Dr. Neil Murphy, Division of English, 
School of Humanities & Social 
Sciences S3.2 B4 01, Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798. NTU is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Zayed U 

Human Resources, Academic City/Al Ruwayyah PO Box 19282 Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 

Director, University Language Center 2143 

http:// www.zu.ac.ae 

Zayed University, a premier university in the United Arab Emirates, is an 
innovative institution based on an international model of higher education. 
With 600 faculty and staff serving 3,500 students across two main 
campuses-as well as satellite locations-in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, the University 
prepares graduates to become leaders in government, business, 
civil society, and family life. The University expects its graduates to be 
fully bilingual in English 
and Arabic, proficient in the use of computing 
technology, and strong in quantitative and research skills. The language 
of business and instruction at the University is English. 


Zayed University is fully accredited in the U.A.E. and is a candidate for 
accreditation with the Middle States Commission on Higher Education 
in the U.S.A. 

The United Arab Emirates is a progressive country known for its high 
standard of living and its safe and family-friendly environment. 

The Opportunity 

The Director of the University Language Center will take the lead in articulating 
and implementing a set of programs dedicated to supporting 
the development of students written and oral abilities in academic English 
and in effective interpersonal and global communication. As a full 
partner in the Colloquy On Integrated Learning, the Universitys general 
education program, the Director will oversee programs that support the 
English 
composition program and will support the development of academic 
and professional English 
skills across the curriculum. In addition 
s/he will take the lead in articulating a professional development plan that 
will help faculty from across the University to improve students academic 
and professional language abilities. The Universitys objective is to prepare 
students to engage with the U.A.E.s global economy and consciously 
manage this societys processes of change. 

It is expected that the appointment will be made at the level of Associate or 
full Professor. A highly experienced Assistant Professor will be considered. 

The Requirements 

Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, Applied Linguistics, English, 
TESOL, or a related field. 

Significant experience in supervising faculty and in effectively coordinating 
with multiple academic units. 

Experience with multi-section university-level language development 
courses. 

Aptitude for consultative consensus building among faculty with regard 
to curricular and co-curricular programs. 

Experience with two or more of the following a must: writing-acrossthe-
curriculum programs, effective assessment protocols, writing in the 
disciplines, English 
Centers, ESL students, speech labs. 

Experience with multi-lingual environments or international contexts a plus. 

The Benefits 

The University’s benefits package is highly attractive, with competitive 
salaries free of tax in the United Arab Emirates, housing, a furniture allowance, 
annual vacation airline tickets for the employee and immediate 
family, educational subsidies for children and subsidized healthcare for the 
employee. 

To Apply 

Visit our Web site at www.zu.ac.ae. In addition to completing the online 
application form, attach one document containing a letter of application, a 
current CV, the names and contact details of three referees, a statement of 
management philosophy and a statement of scholarly and creative interests. 

The review of applications will begin on December 6 and will continue 
until the position is filled. Although it is presumed that the successful candidate 
will take up the position in August 2008, we do have some flexibility 
in the start date. 

Zayed U 

Human Resources, Academic City/Al Ruwayyah PO Box 19282 Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 

Chair-Humanities and Social Sciences 2300 

http:// www.zu.ac.ae 

Zayed University, a premier university in the United Arab Emirates, is an 
innovative institution based on an international model of higher education. 
With 600 faculty and staff serving 3,500 students across two main 



campuses-as well as satellite locations-in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, the University 
prepares graduates to become leaders in government, business, 
civil society, and family life. The University expects its graduates to be 
fully bilingual in English 
and Arabic, proficient in the use of computing 
technology, and strong in quantitative and research skills. The language 
of business and instruction at the University is English. 


Zayed University is fully accredited in the U.A.E. and is a candidate for 
accreditation with the Middle States Commission on Higher Education 
in the U.S.A. 

The Opportunity 

The Chair will provide vision and leadership for a vibrant, multidisciplinary 
department which is being formed from a merger of the former 
departments of English 
Language and Literature and Social Sciences. The 
Chair will assume operational responsibility for the department on the 
Abu Dhabi and the Dubai campuses, provide academic leadership to departmental 
faculty, and help set the intellectual tone in the departments 
emerging concentrations, such as International Affairs, and Culture and 
Society. As an academic administrator, the Chair will be involved in 
the strategic planning for the department, and will serve as part of the 
Deans leadership team in the College. Other responsibilities will include 
the recruitment and mentoring of faculty, and the promotion of faculty 
research and curriculum development. The department and the University 
are poised to offer graduate programs and the Chair will be expected 
to actively lead the development and delivery of graduate curricula. The 
normal term for the Chair is three years but this can be renewed; teaching 
load is of one course per semester. 

The Requirements 

A Ph.D. degree in a departmental discipline (Anthropology, Sociology, 
Economics, Political Science, Cultural Geography, History, Literatures in 
English, 
Comparative Literature, Socio-Linguistics, World Philosophies, 
or any other Humanities Discipline.) 

Substantial experience in higher education administration and a proven 
record of academic leadership. 

The ability to combine insights and approaches from the social sciences 
and humanities in majors and minors that are responsive to the local cultural 
context and the emergent professional interests of the students. 

A successful record in research and baccalaureate-level teaching. 

Experience mentoring and supervising faculty. 

A strong interest in innovative approaches to instruction, including the 
incorporation of educational technology in the learning environment. 

An understanding of and commitment to a learning outcomes-based 
program. 


A commitment to the Universitys General Education program which is 
the core of every students educational experience. 

The Benefits 

The University’s benefits package is highly attractive, with competitive salaries 
free of tax in the United Arab Emirates, housing, a furniture allowance, 
annual vacation airline tickets for the employee and immediate family, educational 
subsidies for children and subsidized healthcare for the employee. 

To Apply 

Visit our Web site at www.zu.ac.ae. In addition to completing the online 
application form, attach one document containing a letter of application, a 
current CV, the names and contact details of three referees, a statement of 
undergraduate teaching philosophy and a statement of scholarly and creative 
interests (particularly as they might apply to the socio-political and 
educational imperatives of the Middle East). 

Zayed U 

Human Resources, Academic City/Al Ruwayyah PO Box 19282 Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 

Assistant, Associate and Full Professors-English 
Language 2144 

http:// www.zu.ac.ae 

Zayed University, a premier university in the United Arab Emirates, is an 
innovative institution based on an international model of higher education. 
With 600 faculty and staff serving 3,500 students across two main 
campuses-as well as satellite locations-in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, the University 
prepares graduates to become leaders in government, business, 
civil society, and family life. The University expects its graduates to be 
fully bilingual in English 
and Arabic, proficient in the use of computing 
technology, and strong in quantitative and research skills. The language 
of business and instruction at the University is English. 


Zayed University is fully accredited in the U.A.E. and is a candidate for 
accreditation with the Middle States Commission on Higher Education 
in the U.S.A. 

The United Arab Emirates is a progressive country known for its high 
standard of living and its safe and family-friendly environment. 

The Opportunity 

The University is seeking teaching scholars (Assistant, Associate and Full 
Professors Rhetoric and Composition) able to contribute to the English 
composition and writing-in-the-disciplines curriculum. The successful 
candidate must demonstrate excellence in teaching and research. Experience 
in working with second-language learners or in international contexts 
is highly desirable. 

The Requirements 

A minimum of a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, Applied Linguistics, 
English, 
TESOL, or a related field. 

Relevant baccalaureate-level teaching experience and active research interests. 

Experience with multi-section university-level language development 
courses. 

Experience with writing-across-the-curriculum programs, effective assessment 
protocols, writing in the disciplines, English 
Centers, ESL students, 
or speech labs. 

The Benefits 

The University’s benefits package is highly attractive, with competitive salaries 
free of tax in the United Arab Emirates, housing, a furniture allowance, 
annual vacation airline tickets for the employee and immediate family, educational 
subsidies for children and subsidized healthcare for the employee. 

To Apply 

Visit our Web site at www.zu.ac.ae. In addition to completing the online 
application form, attach one document containing a letter of application, a 
current CV, the names and contact details of three referees, a statement of 
your undergraduate teaching philosophy and a statement of your scholarly 
and creative interests. 

Department Chairs and 
Other Administration 

Missouri Western SU 

En­glish, For Langs, & Journalism, 4525 Downs Dr St Joseph MO 
64507 

Director of Composition and Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor of 
English 
2542 

http:// www .missouriwestern .edu/ EFLJ 

Start date: August 2008. Duties include directing the Department’s Composition 
Program, developing a practicum for graduate assistants in our 
new masters program, and teaching writing courses from introductory 
to graduate levels. In addition to composition, course opportunities reflect 
the Department’s interdisciplinary mix of composition, technical 



communication, integrated media, public relations, and journalism at the 
undergraduate and graduate levels. MWSU is a National Writing Project 
site. Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, 
Rhetoric, Composition, 
or related English 
field; writing program administrative experience; familiarity 
with using technology to teach; and a record of successful teaching. 
Salary is commensurate with experience and rank. 

Qualified applicants must submit a letter of interest, vita, a one-page statement 
of administrative and pedagogical philosophy, and three letters of 
reference to Dr. Mike Cadden, Chair, Department of English, 
Foreign 
Languages & Journalism, Missouri Western State University, 4525 Downs 
Dr., St. Joseph, MO 64507. AA/EOE. [R] 

Montclair SU 

En­glish, Montclair NJ 07043 

Associate or Full professor of English/ 
Director of the Center for Writing 
Excellence 1417 

http:// www .montclair .edu 

Associate or full professor position to develop and direct the Universitys 
new Center for Writing Excellence. Expertise in composition/ rhetoric 
and writing center theory and practice, and/or related field. The candidate 
will have strong leadership and administrative skills and a record of 
accomplishment in developing writing-related centers, programs or other 
initiatives. The Director is expected to reach across disciplinary boundaries 
and develop programs with college as well as university-wide programs. 
With primary responsibility for developing and implementing a 
new university-wide Center for Writing Excellence at an institution 
committed to changing the culture of writing on campus, the successful 
candidate will maintain an active research agenda and teach 1/1, with 
opportunity to join colleagues in comp/ rhetoric and teacher education to 
teach graduate courses in Writing Studies and undergraduate courses in 
yeacher education and first year writing. 

PhD and strong record of scholarship and an active and evolving research 
agenda in composition/ rhetoric or related field; administrative success in 
writing centers, and first year writing and/or WAC/ WID; grant seeking/ 
writing experience; record of excellence in teaching composition/ rhetoric. 

Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation to: 
Prof. Daniel Bronson, Chair, English 
Department, Dickson Hall 468, 
Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ 07043. 

Samford U 

En­glish, 800 Lakeshore Dr Birmingham AL 35229 

Director of Communication Arts 1956 

http:// www .samford .edu/ academicaffairs/ index .html 

Samford University invites applications and nominations for a tenuretrack 
Assistant or Associate Professor to direct its Communication Arts 
Program starting August 18, 2008. 

With a beautiful Georgian-Colonial campus located just south of Birmingham, 
Alabama, Samford University provides a strong liberal arts education 
to students enrolled in the Howard College of Arts and Sciences 
and the five professional schools that include undergraduates. 

Communication Arts 101 and 102 is the integrated writing and speaking 
sequence that all freshmen take as part of the Core Curriculum. The 
program has received national attention for its innovative design, based on 
the concept that writing and speaking are mutually reinforcing activities. 

The Director will be responsible for the day-to-day operations of the 
Communication Arts Program and its long term strategic planning. The 
Director will serve as the administrative head of the program and will 
offer dynamic leadership for the Communication Arts Program and ensure 
its visibility and effectiveness across campus and beyond. 

A Ph.D. in composition studies, rhetoric, speech communication, writing 
pedagogy or related fields, and significant experience in administration are 
required. Applicants should have a research agenda in writing pedagogy, 
composition studies, scholarship of teaching and learning, assessment, or 
other appropriate field. Review of applications will begin December 1, 
2007, and continue until the position is filled. Submit a cover letter, curriculum 
vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and letters of reference to: 

Rosemary Fisk, Associate Dean of the Howard College of Arts and Sciences, 
Department of English, 
Samford University, Birmingham, AL 
35229 

Candidates should be willing to contribute to and promote the school’s 
mission as a Christian university. Samford is an Equal Opportunity Institution 
and welcomes application for employment and educational 
programs from all individuals regardless of race, color, sex, disability, or 
national or ethnic origin. [R] 

SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

En­glish, 2096 Humanities Building Stony Brook NY 11794 

Director of Program in Writing and Rhetoric 429 

http:// www .stonybrook .edu/ jobs 

Stony Brook University seeks to hire a Director for the Program in Writing 
and Rhetoric at the advanced Associate or Full Professor level. Required: 
Applicants must have experience with administration of a writing 
program as well as a substantial publication record. Apply online at www 
.stonybrook .edu/ jobs or send letter of application with C.V. to: Director 
Search, Department of English, 
2096 Humanities Building, Stony Brook 
University, Stony Brook, NY 11974-5350. Applications will be accepted 
until November 15 or until the post is filled. Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


U of Memphis 

En­glish, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Chair 1989 

http:// cas .memphis .edu/ english/ 


The department invites applications and nominations for the position of 
Chair. Consisting of approximately 50 full-time faculty lines, the department 
offers an undergraduate major and minor, an M.A. in English 
(with 
concentrations in literature, technical writing, composition, language 
and linguistics, and ESL), an M.F.A. in Creative Writing, and a Ph.D. 
in English 
(with concentrations in applied linguistics, composition studies, 
professional writing, and textual studies). The department has a Chair 
of Excellence in Creative Writing, publishes The Pinch, a creative writing 
journal, and with the Department of Communication has established 
the Center for the Study of Rhetoric and Applied Communication. The 
University of Memphis is a comprehensive state university with an enrollment 
of approximately 20,000 students, including more than 350 undergraduate 
majors and 170 graduate students in English. 
Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English 
or related discipline; exemplary undergraduate and graduate 
teaching experience; strong record in research or creative work, as 
well as in academic administration. Candidates should qualify for rank of 
professor. Salary competitive. Starting date of August 2008. Committee 
will begin reading applications December 5, 2007; applications may continue 
to be considered until the position is filled. Minorities and women 
are urged to apply. The University of Memphis is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Letter of application, vita, and names and 
addresses of five references to English 
Department Chair Search Committee, 
467 Patterson 
Hal, Memphis, TN 38152. 

U of Redlands 

En­glish, PO Box 3080 1200 E Colton Av Redlands CA 92373 

Director of Writing Across the Curriculum 197 

http:// www .redlands .edu 

The University of Redlands seeks a director for its composition and Writing 
Across the Curriculum programs. The successful candidate will be 
charged with supporting thoughtful undergraduate writing instruction 
across diverse disciplines. Responsibilities include: 



• assessing, developing, promoting, and teaching in the writing program; 

• training, mentoring, and advising disciplinary faculty in writing pedagogy 
and curricular design, through instructional workshops and other 
means; 

• placing students and assessing their progress in writing-intensive courses 
and composition classes; 

• developing composition program curriculum; 

• hiring and overseeing lecturer and adjunct faculty; 

• advising faculty on the sensible use of computer applications in smallclass 
writing instruction; 

• advising students about their progress with writing requirements; 

• assessing and meeting the learning needs of “generation 1.5” students; 
and 

• developing program assessment projects. 

Must have PhD in hand in Composition /Rhetoric or a related field. The 
following are desirable: at least 4 years of successful university teaching; at 
least 2 years of administrative experience; demonstrated leadership skills; 
knowledge of rhetorical theory; creativity in writing curriculum development; 
expertise in testing, program assessment, and /or language acquisition; 
experience with team grading and /or portfolio scoring; strong 
interdisciplinary interests. 

Please furnish the following materials to Heather King, Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Redlands, Redlands, CA 92373-0999: 
CV, dossier containing 3 letters of recommendation, a description of relevant 
experience, a statement of teaching philosophy, and a 15–20 page 
writing sample. We will begin reading applications as of October 15. Position 
open until filled. 

The University of Redlands is a liberal-arts university with an undergraduate 
student body of 2400, located between Los Angles and Palm Springs. 
The University of Redlands is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and does 
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, nondisqualifying 
disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status, national 
origin, or ethnic origin. Members of underrepresented groups are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Texas, Pan American 

En­glish, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Open Rank Department Chair 1734 

http:// www .utpa .edu/ dept/ english 


FY 07/08–38 DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH 

CHAIR, DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH. Rapidly growing, dynamic, 
research-centered department seeks a Chair interested in teamwork and 
faculty governance to lead a department with a faculty base in literature, 
linguistics, rhetoric/ composition and creative writing. REQUIRED: 
Ph.D. in English 
or field represented by the disciplines in the department; 
demonstrated record of effective administrative experience; established 
record of scholarship, teaching and service; and a commitment to cultural 
and ethnic diversity and expanding opportunities for historically underrepresented 
groups. PREFERRED: commitment to faculty development 
toward leadership positions and a broad knowledge of the disciplines 
within this department. SCOPE OF THE POSITION: The department 
has over thirty professors and fifteen lecturers, supports a Bachelor of Art 
and several Masters degrees MA in English, 
MA in English 
as a Second 
Language, and interdisciplinary studies MA with concentration in English, 
and a MFA in Creative Writing. We also offer teacher certification 
in Middle School and Secondary English 
and ESL endorsement. Duties 
include equitably fostering faculty participation as a team, overseeing 
departmental daily activity, and ensuring development of all programs 
within the department to support the strategic goals of the College of Arts 
& Humanities and the University. The position begins Fall 2008. Tenure 
and rank negotiable. For tenure/ rank criteria please see http:// www .utpa 
.edu/ dept/ english/ 
docs/ Tenure_ and_ Promotion_ Guidelines .pdf 

UTPA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, 
minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Texas 
law requires faculty members whose primary language is not English 
to 
demonstrate proficiency in English 
as determined by a satisfactory grade 
of 500 or greater on the International Test of English 
as a Foreign Language 
(TOEFL). This position is security-sensitive as defined by the Texas 
Education Code §51.215(c) and Texas Government Code §411.094(a)(2). 
This position is open until f illed; review of applications will begin 
November 
7, 2007. 

TO APPLY: submit a letter of interest including the rank applied for, curriculum 
vitae, and contact information for three references to: Dr. Dahlia 
Guerra, Dean, College of Arts and Humanities, COAS 334, The University 
of Texas-Pan American, 1201 University Drive, Edinburg TX 78539. 
E-mail: guerrad@ utpa .edu 

Wayland Baptist U 

Office of Human Resources, 1900 W Seventh, #689 Plainview TX 
79072 

Writing Center Director (F44) 2547 

http:// www .wbu .edu 

Wayland Baptist University, a four-year liberal arts university currently is 
seeking a candidate to fill the position of Writing Center Director. 

For details on this position such as Positions Supervised, General Responsibilities, 
Specific Tasks and Duties, and Minimum Qualifications, please 
visit our website at www .wbu .edu then go to Employment Opportunities. 

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: Applications may be downloaded from 
the WBU website at www .wbu .edu then go to Faculty & Staff and then 
Employment Opportunities. 

All application materials should be sent to: Ron Appling, Director of 
Human Resources, Wayland Baptist University, 1900 W. 7th Street, 
CMB #689, Plainview, TX 79072, Phone: (806) 291-3451, Fax: (806) 
291-1981, Email: applingr@ wbu .edu 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: Applications will be considered starting 
February 9, 2008. The search will continue until the position is filled. 

Wayland Baptist University does not unlawfully discriminate in employment 
opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, sex, national 
origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic. 

Linguistics and ESL 

Oklahoma SU 

En­glish, 205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078 

Professor of Linguistics 1254 

http:// english 
.okstate .edu 

The Oklahoma State University Department of English 
seeks applicants 
for a tenured Full Professor position with a specialization in Language 
Variation beginning August 2008. Ph.D. in Linguistics or related area 
with a distinguished publication and research record required. Salary 
competitive. We seek an established scholar in language variation interested 
in developing research projects related to the linguistics varieties 
of Oklahoma. The position is one of a cluster of three senior hires designated 
to launch a new interdisciplinary Center for Oklahoma Studies. 
The Department of English 
offers M.A. and Ph.D. specializations in linguistics. 
For information on the Department of English 
see our webpage 
at http:// english 
.okstate 
.edu. Informal enquiries to the Department Head 
(Dr. Carol Moder) are welcomed. To ensure full consideration, applications 
must be received by December 3, 2007. However, we will continue 
to accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Applicants 
should submit a letter of application; a cv, a statement of research 
and teaching interests, a sample publication, and a list of persons who 
could provide references, including addresses (mail and e-mail) and telephone 
numbers. Applications should be sent to Dr. Carol Moder, Linguistics 
Search Committee, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, 
Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. OSU is an AA/EEO Employer 
Committed 
to Multicultural Diversity. 



SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

Learning and Instruction, 505 Baldy Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Assistant, Associate, Full Professor, English 
as a Second Language, Foreign 
Language Learning 2312 

http:// www .ubjobs .buffalo .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51415 

The State University of New York at Buffalo seeks a scholar in Second 
Language Education with a research focus on any aspect (social, linguistic, 
or cognitive) of English 
as a second language learning, L2 writing/ 
literacy, second language acquisition, and teaching. This position will be a 
tenure track appointment at the rank of Advanced Assistant, Associate, or 
Professor with a start date of August 25, 2008. 

The Application Process: For full description of the position and the application 
process, please go to the website, www .ubjobs .buffalo .edu/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=51415. Completed applications must be 
submitted on line. Please include a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and 
names and contact information of three professional references. Application 
review will begin on December 20 and will continue until the position 
is filled. 

For further information, contact Professor Janina Brutt-Griffler, Chair of 
the Search Committee by email at bruttg@ buffalo .edu. [R] 

U of Arizona 

En­glish, PO Box 210067 1423 E University Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Assistant Professor of English 
(ESL/ English 
Linguistics) 1589 

http:// english 
.arizona .edu/ 

The Program in English 
Language/ Linguistics in the Department of English, 
University of Arizona, invites applications for two full-time tenuretrack 
positions of Assistant Professor to begin August 2008. One position 
is in the field of English 
linguistics and second language acquisition in 
ESL. The second position is in the field of computer-assisted English 
as a 
Second Language instruction. The selected candidates will teach courses 
in the MA/ESL degree program and in the interdisciplinary PhD program 
in Second Language Acquisition and Teaching SLAT, as well as at 
the undergraduate level as appropriate. All EL/L faculty also serve in the 
SLAT program. The individuals selected will be expected to conduct an 
active program of professional research and publication, and contribute to 
the Departments commitment to University and community service. 

Given the strongly multicultural and multilingual nature of our program, we 
expect to attract candidates with experience and interest in working with diverse 
students, colleagues, and communities. We particularly encourage applications 
from women and underrepresented minorities. The Department 
is located within the College of Humanities, which also includes Africana 
Studies and East Asian Studies, as well as other language departments. The 
University of Arizona aims to be a Hispanic-serving institution, and the English 
Department and the EL/L program seek to expand our work with underrepresented 
cultures and underserved constituencies. 

For full details, including additional minimum qualifications and preferred 
qualifications, and the online application form, see the postings at https:// 
www .uacareertrack .com. For the position in English 
linguistics and second 
language acquisition, please cite job #39283. Review of completed 
applications will begin October 20. For the position in computer-assisted 
instruction, please cite job #39324. Review of completed applications 
will begin November 1. Include letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
statement of teaching philosophy, and a representative writing/ publication 
sample in the online application. Please send three letters of reference 
and a transcript of graduate coursework directly to: Professor Rudolph 
Troike, Chair, EL/L Search Committee, Department of English, 
P.O. 
Box 210067, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721-0067 

Interviews with finalists will be by telephone. For more information on 
the English 
Department and the EL/L and SLAT programs, go to http:// 
english 
.arizona .edu/. 

The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA Employer 
M/W/D/V. [R] 

U of Maryland 

Center for the Advanced Study of Language, Box 25 College Park MD 
20742 

Second Language Assessment 2173 

http:// www .casl .umd .edu 

The University of Maryland Center for Advanced Study of Language 
(CASL), established in 2003, is the nations 10th university-affiliated research 
center. Its mission is to conduct state-of-the-science research that 
results in improved performance on language tasks relevant to the work 
of government language professionals. Work done at the center focuses on 
improving knowledge of less commonly taught languages, enhancing the 
acquisition and maintenance of foreign language capability by government 
professionals (especially at the advanced levels), advancing the capacity to 
use foreign language skills in a wide variety of government professions 
and situations and improving the quality of human language technology. 

CASL is seeking to expand its research team in the area of Second Language 
Assessment. CASL invites applications for a research scientist to work 
in CASLs interdisciplinary research program on the advanced language 
learner, as well as to contribute language assessment expertise across a range 
of research projects. CASL seeks a scholar with a specialization in second 
language assessment with a strong psychometric background and a focus on 
innovative measurement methods. The incumbent will work with a multidisciplinary 
team on research projects that enable government employees 
especially foreign language professionals to improve their performance. 

Candidates must have an earned Ph.D. in Second Language Assessment 
or the equivalent, a record of research achievement, and a strong record 
of publication. The center is seeking people who will play a leading role 
in the strategic direction of CASL and will participate in multiple research 
projects in their field. Candidates’ research and publications should 
demonstrate the ability to tackle complex, interdisciplinary research and 
to work collaboratively with a range of institutions and researchers. Appointments 
to CASL are as a research faculty member of the University of 
Maryland. Exceptional candidates with national standing may be considered 
for tenure-track appointments on a limited, case-by-case basis, and 
subject to availability of tenure lines in relevant departments. Candidates 
must hold U.S. citizenship and be willing to obtain a security clearance. 

TO APPLY: Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and writing 
sample to Research Scientist (Second Language Assessment), CASL University 
of Maryland, Box 25, College Park, Maryland 20742 or visit: http:// 
www .casl .umd .edu/ employment .php. Positions open until filled. The University 
of Maryland is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Questions about this position 
should be sent by e-mail to jobquestions@ casl .umd .edu. 

U of Maryland 

Center for the Advanced Study of Language, Box 25 College Park MD 
20742 

Second Language Acquisition 2174 

http:// www .casl .umd .edu 

The University of Maryland Center for Advanced Study of Language 
(CASL), established in 2003, is the nations 10th university-affiliated research 
center. Its mission is to conduct state-of-the-science research that 
results in improved performance on language tasks relevant to the work 
of government language professionals. Work done at the center focuses on 
improving knowledge of less commonly taught languages, enhancing the 
acquisition and maintenance of foreign language capability by government 
professionals (especially at the advanced levels), advancing the capacity to 
use foreign language skills in a wide variety of government professions 
and situations and improving the quality of human language technology. 

CASL is seeking to expand its research team in the area of Second Language 
Acquisition. CASL invites applications for a research scientist to 
work in CASLs interdisciplinary research program on improving the 
quality, rate and efficiency of language training, especially to advance levels 
of proficiency. CASL seeks a scholar with a specialization in SLA with 



a strong focus on instructed SLA. The incumbent will work with a multidisciplinary 
team on research projects that enable government employees 
especially foreign language professionals to improve their performance. 

Candidates must have an earned Ph.D. in SLA or the equivalent, a record 
of research achievement on instructed SLA or issues related to the 
advanced language learner, and a strong record of publication. The center 
is seeking people who will play a leading role in the strategic direction 
of CASL and will participate in multiple research projects in their field. 
Candidates’ research and publications should demonstrate the ability to 
tackle complex, interdisciplinary research and to work collaboratively 
with a range of institutions and researchers. Appointments to CASL are 
as a research faculty member of the University of Maryland. Exceptional 
candidates with national standing may be considered for tenure-track appointments 
on a limited, case-by-case basis, and subject to availability of 
tenure lines in relevant departments. Candidates must hold U.S. citizenship 
and be willing to obtain a security clearance. 

TO APPLY: Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and writing 
sample to Research Scientist (SLA), CASL University of Maryland, Box 
25, College Park, Maryland 20742 or visit: http:// www .casl .umd .edu/ 
employment .php. Positions open until filled. The University of Maryland 
is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. Questions about this position should be sent 
by e-mail to jobquestions@ casl .umd .edu. 

U of Texas, Pan American 

En­glish, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor Applied Linguistics 1731 

http:// www .utpa .edu/ dept/ english 


FY 07/08–35 DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH 

Required: PhD in Applied Linguistics or closely related field required 
by August 2008, demonstrated evidence of and potential for continuing 
scholarship in an applied area of linguistics and interest in program 
development. Graduate coursework in theoretical and applied areas of 
linguistics. Position begins in Fall 2008. Preferred: applied emphasis in 
second language acquisition theory and practice and/or theoretical emphasis 
in phonology, semantics/ pragmatics or syntax as applied to linguistics 
courses; experience working with minority students, teaching 
ESL, developmental writing and/or reading; interest in distance learning, 
web-based and computer assisted instruction. To apply: submit a letter 
of interest and curriculum vitae to Dr. Pamela L. Anderson-Mejias, Applied 
Linguistics Search Committee Chair, c/o Office of the Dean CAS 
Building 334 University of Texas Pan American Edinburg, TX 78539. 
After initial consideration, additional documents will be required including 
official transcripts of all university degrees, names of three reference, 
and sample of published/ presented scholarly work. Review of applications 
will begin November 1st, 2007; position open until filled. 

UTPA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, 
minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Texas 
law requires faculty members whose primary language is not English 
to 
demonstrate proficiency in English 
as determined by a satisfactory grade 
of 500 or greater on the International Test of English 
as a Foreign Language 
(TOEFL). This position is security-sensitive as defined by the Texas 
Education Code §51.215(c) and Texas Government Code §411.094(a)(2). 

U of Washington 

En­glish, PO Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195 

TESOL/ Applied Linguistics 2395 

http:// depts .washington .edu/ engl/ 

TESOL/ Applied Linguistics: The University of Washington English 
Department invites applications for an Associate Professor position in 
TESOL/ Applied Linguistics. (This is a senior position in addition to the 
Assistant Professor position advertised earlier.) This is a tenured, full-time 
position in the English 
Department; PhD required. However, responsibilities 
will be split between the English 
Department and the UW English 
Language (ESOL) Programs. The successful candidate will teach half time 
in the UW MATESOL Program and serve as a liaison with the English 
Language Programs, working on curricular research and initiatives, and 
ongoing program evaluation. The department offers a MATESOL Program 
as well as a doctoral track in Language and Rhetoric. Demonstrated 
excellence in teaching is required. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, we are particularly interested in active scholars 
with expertise in English 
for Academic Purposes, program evaluation, 
and research methods. Research/ teaching expertise in any of the following 
areas is a plus: globalization, language testing bilingualism/ multilingualism, 
second language writing, teaching methods, and critical applied 
linguistics. Supervising doctoral dissertations will be an integral part of 
his/ her responsibilities. The English 
Department is dedicated to the goal 
of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed 
to teaching and working in a multicultural environment and strongly encourages 
applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities 
and other eligible veterans. University of Washington faculty engage 
in teaching, research and service. The University of Washington is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer. 


Review of applications will begin as they are received; preference will be 
given to applications postmarked by January 21, 2008. Send letter of application 
and CV to: 

Gary Handwerk, Chair, University of Washington, Depar tment 
of English, 
Box 354330, A101 Padelford Hall, Seattle, Washington 
98195 [R] 

Nonaca demic Listings 

Berlitz International, Inc. 

Product Development, 400 Alexander Park Princeton NJ 08540 

Editor, Curriculum Development 1409 

http:// www .berlitz .com 

Summary of Position 

Berlitz International, Inc., in Princeton, NJ, seeks an Editor to manage 
curriculum development projects in languages such as Spanish, French, 
German, Mandarin, and English 
for print, digital, and audio media. The 
Editor will have direct involvement in all phases of the editorial development 
of the products for which s/he is responsible, including but not limited 
to project planning, recruiting and hiring free-lance writers, reviewers, 
and illustrators, managing project schedules and budgets, editing and revising 
manuscript, and guiding external design staff in layout and design. 

Requirements 

-M.A. in foreign language or related field 

-native proficiency in English 
and a second language; competency in several 
languages preferred 

-materials development experience; educational publishing experience 
preferred 

-language-teaching experience 

E-mail your cover letter, CV, and salary requirements to rober t 
.kingsbury@ 
berlitz .com. No phone calls, please. [R] 

GlobalEnglish 
Corporation 

Product Development Department, 8000 Marina Blvd., Suite 810 Suite 
810 Brisbane CA 94005 

Director of Product Design and Pedagogy 2054 

http:// www .globalenglish 
.com 

GlobalEnglish 
Corporation is seeking an Applied Linguist specializing in 
computer-assisted English 
language learning, delivered online. 

GlobalEnglish 
is a leader in the development and use of multimedia computer-
based, internet delivered English 
language instruction and performance 
support for all levels of non-native English 
language learners in 
non-English-
speaking countries around the world. Customers range from 



children, to young professionals, Fortune 500 Companies, leading foreign 
universities, and international government agencies. 

This management position will manage the department responsible for 
the strategic product vision, pedagogical design and the feature and function 
design of the instructional material. 

We are seeking a PhD in Applied Linguistics, Instructional Design, ESL/ 
EFL or related fields, specializing in English 
language instruction. This 
person will have a demonstrated record of creative instructional design 
for multimedia, computer-assisted English 
language learning materials 
for online delivery. Must be willing to travel extensively to Asia, Latin 
America and Europe to gather market validation information. 

This position comes with an attractive starting compensation based on current 
skill and experience, with upside potential tied to performance and corporate 
contribution. Compensation will include salary and stock options. 

Email applications to HR@ globalenglish 
.com. Applications should include 
curriculum vitae, recent academic and industry experience, a short 
essay on why this position is a good fit with your skills and interests, and 
contact information. [R] 

Law School Admission Council 

Law School Admission Council, PO Box 40 Newtown PA 18940 

Test Specialist-Reading Comprehension 2420 

http:// www .LSAC .org 

Job Code: TS-RC-MLA 

Law School Admission Council, an educational service organization 
that develops and administers the Law School Admission Test (LSAT), 
is seeking a Test Specialist. Test Specialists help to develop questions for 
the LSAT that are of high quality and are sensitive to the diversity of the 
LSAT population. The position requires the writing, review, and revision 
of questions that are designed to assess reading comprehension, informal 
reasoning, and deductive reasoning skills. Other duties may include participating 
in the review and development of informational and test preparation 
materials as well as participating in research related to the LSAT. 

A broad background in liberal arts, some training in logic, and precise and 
fluent use of Standard Written English 
are necessary. Experience in college 
teaching is desirable. Demonstrated organizational skills, the ability 
to work independently and collaboratively, and the ability to meet deadlines 
are required. Educational qualifications include an MA and doctoral-
level work in English, 
Literature, Classics, Philosophy, Linguistics, 
or some related discipline requiring strong reading, reasoning, and analytical 
skills. A Ph.D. is preferred. 

For more information, please visit our website at www .LSAC .org 

Application deadline: March 10, 2008 

Salary: $60,000 per year or more depending on qualifications and experience. 
Benefits are highly competitive. To apply, please forward vitae, a 
letter of application including the following Job Code, and a list of references 
to: 

C. Rommel, HR Section, Job Code TS-RC-MLA, Law School Admission 
Council, P.O. Box 40, Newtown, PA 18940, FAX: 215.504.3808, 
E-mail: employment@ lsac .org. 

Law School Admission Council takes great pride in its dedication to being 
an EOE/AA Employer. 
All qualified individuals, including minorities, 
women, and people who are differently abled, are encouraged to apply. 

Visit our Web site: www .@LSAC .org 

Postdoctoral Listings 

Amherst C 

Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought, 208 Clark House Amherst 
MA 01002 

Copeland Fellows 2527 

http:// https:// cms .amherst .edu/ academiclife/ departments/ ljst 

The 2008–2009 Amherst College Copeland Colloquium seeks five Fellows 
from varied disciplines to explore the theme of “Violent States.” We 
are seeking applications from both senior and junior scholars in the social 
sciences and humanities who engage in theoretical and/or empirical research 
on the social and cultural life of violence. The Colloquium will discuss 
violence in the broadest possible termsincluding, but not limited to, 
state-sanctioned violence, terrorist violence, individual acts of violence, 
ritualized violence in religious or other communities, and representations 
of violence in art or literature. Fellowships range from $30,000–50,000, 
depending on rank and include a travel allowance and limited research 
support. Fellows are expected to be in residence during the academic year 
and will have the opportunity to participate in workshops and conferences 
on the theme of the Colloquium. Interested individuals should send a CV, 
statement of purpose, writing sample, and two letters of recommendation 
to Austin Sarat, Department of Law, Jurisprudence, and Social Thought 
Amherst College, Amherst, MA, 01002, by March 1, 2008. 

Amherst College is an equal opportunity employer 
and encourages 
women, persons of color, and persons with disabilities to apply. The administration, 
faculty, and student body are committed to attracting qualified 
candidates from groups currently underrepresented on campus. [R] 

Emory U 

Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry, 1715 North Decatur Road Atlanta 
GA 30322 

New Junior/ Post-Doctoral Fellowship in Poetics 2325 

http:// www .chi .emory .edu 

The Bill and Carol Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry 

The Fox Center for Humanistic Inquiry at Emory University is accepting 
applications for one Junior/ Post-Doctoral fellowship for an academic year 
of study, teaching, and residence in the Center. Funded by a Challenge 
Grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Fellowship 
highlights the importance of the ongoing critical, theoretical, and creative 
engagements with poetry across Emory University, as well as marking 
the emergence of the Robert W. Woodruff Librarys Manuscripts, Archives, 
and Rare Books Library (MARBL) as a major center for research 
in poetry. The deadline for submissions of completed applications is February 
28, 2008; awards will be announced in mid-April 2008. Application 
forms and further information are available from the Fox Center for 
Humanistic Inquiry at 404-727-6424 or chi@ emory .edu, on the web at 
www .chi .emory .edu, or write to: FCHI, Emory University, 1715 North 
Decatur Road, Atlanta, GA 30322. 

Rutgers U 

En­glish, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Post-Doc in African American Literature 2445 

http:// english 
.rutgers .edu 

Postdoctoral Fellowships/ African American Literature 

The Department of English 
at Rutgers University announces two postdoctoral 
fellowships for scholars pursuing research in African American 
and African Diaspora Literature. Applicants must have the doctorate in 
hand at the time of application and be no more than six years beyond the 
Ph.D. The fellowship of $45,000 with health benefits is of one year duration 
and includes a $2,000 research stipend. Recipients will each teach one 
course, serve as an informal mentor to graduate students in the field, and 
participate in the intellectual life of the department. Applicants are also in



vited to consider participation in the seminar series of one of the following 
research centers at Rutgers: the Center for Cultural Analysis, the Center 
for Race and Ethnicity or the Institute for Research on Women (whichever 
is the better fit). For information regarding the centers, see http:// cca 
.rutgers .edu, http:// raceethnicity .rutgers .edu, and http:// irw .rutgers .edu. 

Please send letter of interest, c.v., dossier with at least three letters of reference, 
and research proposal to Professor Cheryl A. Wall, Post-Doc 
Search, Department of English, 
Murray Hall, Rutgers University, 510 
George Street, New Brunswick, NJ 08901. The deadline for applications 
is February 15, 2008. 

U of California, Los Angeles 

College of Letters and Science, Office of the Dean of Humanities 2300 
Murphy Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Digital Humanities 597 

http:// www .digitalhumanities .ucla .edu 

The Division of Humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
will appoint one Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Digital Humanities 
for a 1-year term beginning in the fall of 2008. The Fellow must have 
earned a doctoral degree no earlier than January 2002 and no later than 
June 2008. The Mellon Fellowship provides a stipend of $50,000 a year, 
standard fringe benefits, a one-time moving allowance of $1,500, plus a 
small research budget of $1,000. The Fellow will be housed in a relevant 
home department for which he/she will teach two courses. The Fellow 
is required to be in residence and to participate in the monthly Mellon 
Seminar in Digital Humanities. For 2008–09, the theme is “Technologies 
of the Text” and explores, through attention to both “new” and “old” 
media, the tremendous range of technologies of access to, and preservation 
of, language and accompanying image and sound across the millennia. 

There is no application form. Applicants should send a cover letter, a description 
(no more than 1500 words) of the scholarly project relevant to the 
program, a CV, and three letters of recommendation by February 1, 2008, 
to: Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Digital Humanities, 2300 Murphy 
Hall, Box 951438, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1438. For more information, 
please visit our website: http:// www .digitalhumanities .ucla .edu 

UCLA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women 
and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

French & Francophone Studies, PO Box 951550, 405 Hilgard Av Los 
Angeles CA 90095 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities 1518 

http:// www .humnet .ucla .edu/ mellon 

“Cultures in Transnational Perspective” 

Call for Applications 

Deadline: February 1, 2008 

The division of humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
will appoint four Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellows for a 2-year 
tenure beginning in the fall of 2008. Fellows must have earned their doctoral 
degree no earlier than January 2002 and no later than June 2008. 
The Mellon Fellowship provides a stipend of $50,000 a year, standard 
fringe benefits, a one-time moving allowance of $1,500, plus a small research 
budget of $2,000. All Fellows will be housed in relevant home departments 
for which they teach two courses each year. They are required 
to be in residence and to participate in the monthly Mellon Fellows Seminars 
and annual Mellon Conference, as well as the on-going intellectual 
life of their home departments. Fellows will also write a progress report 
due on June 15th of each year of residence. 

Designed to explore the emerging field of Transnational Studies, the aim 
of the Mellon Program at UCLA is to broaden the study of minority cultures 
from its national focus to global and comparative perspectives. We 
seek innovative scholarship that explores minority cultures as major components 
of world culture and history, generated by immigrant and minority 
writers, artists, filmmakers, playwrights, and musicians residing in 
metropolitan centers across the world and thereby reshaping the canons of 
literature, art, and music in their respective countries. 

There is no application form. Applicants should send a cover letter, a description 
(no more than 1500 words) of the scholarly project relevant to the 
program, a CV, and three letters of recommendation by February 1, 2008, 
to: Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities at UCLA, Royce 
Humanities Group, 212 Royce Hall, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA 90095. 
The program is co-chaired by Professors Franoise Lionnet (French and 
Francophone Studies; Comparative Literature) and Shu-mei Shih (Asian 
Languages and Cultures; Comparative Literature). For more information, 
please contact Laura Clennon via e-mail at clennon@ humnet .ucla .edu. 

U of California, Los Angeles 

En­glish, 149 Humanities Building Los Angeles CA 90095 

Post-Doctoral Fellow 2175 

The Mellon-funded interdisciplinary program, “The Atlantic Imagination 
in the Age of Romanticism,” invites applications for a post-doctoral 
fellowship in the Humanities at UCLA for 2008–09. The program’s primary 
focal point is 1785–1848, although its interests extend beyond those 
dates in both directions. 

The fellowship carries a salary of $45,000 (plus benef its). The fellow 
would be expected to teach 2 courses a year and to participate in an ongoing 
series of lectures and seminars with distinguished visiting scholars 
whose ultimate objective is to help transform the way in which the 
humanities are taught at UCLA. We invite applications from scholars in 
the humanities who will have received their doctoral degrees by July 1, 
2008 (but no earlier than 2003). Applications should include a statement 
of purpose, a CV, a writing sample of no more than 25 pages and 3 letters 
of recommendation; they should be postmarked by March 1, 2008 
and addressed to Prof. Saree Makdisi, UCLA Department of English, 
149 
Humanities Building, Los Angeles, CA 90095. UCLA is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Villanova U 

Villanova Center for Liberal Education, 104 Saint Augustine Center 
Villanova PA 19085 

Post-doctoral Fellowship 2564 

http:// www .villanova .edu/ artsci/ vcle 

The Villanova Center for Liberal Education of Villanova University seeks 
scholars in the Humanities for the Arthur J. Ennis, OSA Postdoctoral 
Teaching Fellowships, a one-year fellowship renewable for up to three 
years. Ennis fellows teach three courses each semester in the Villanova 
Seminar: Augustine and Culture, a writing-intensive interdisciplinary 
seminar program required of all first year students. Candidates must have 
a Ph.D. in a Humanities discipline, a strong commitment to undergraduate 
teaching in the Humanities, and an interest in teaching the thought 
of Augustine and its influence. Candidates must submit undergraduate 
and graduate school transcripts, three letters of recommendation, writing 
sample, and curriculum vitae to John A. Doody, Robert M. Birmingham 
Chair in the Humanities, Villanova University, Villanova, PA 19085, by 
February 22, 2008. Villanova is a Roman Catholic University founded by 
and related to the Augustinian Order. An Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer, 
Villanova is committed to fostering a faculty rich in 
diversity and dedicated to Villanova’s Judeo-Christian value orientation. 
http:// www .villanova .edu/ artsci/ vcle/ john .doody@ villanova .edu [R] 



