 the university center for human values and the woodrow wilson school of public and international affairs invite  applications for postdoctoral positions in values and public policy. we aim to support highly promising scholars  trained in moral and political philosophy, political theory, normative economics and related areas to develop a research  agenda in the ethical dimensions of public policy. candidates selected will undertake a research project exploring a normative problem arising in an area of public policy  in which the woodrow wilson school conducts research. they will be affiliated with a unit of the school that can  inform and support their work. they will also be invited to participate in programs of the university center for human values. candidates will be  NA ethical issues in public policy, subject to sufficient enrollment and approval by the dean of the faculty. qualifications applicants must have completed the requirements for the ph.d. by september 1, 2014 and must not have held the degree  for more than three years by that date. they may not be employed by another institution during the term of their  princeton appointment. NA a commitment to working on a research project in this area during their time at princeton. projects must be  related to an area in which the school has a center or program such as environmental policy, population and health,  democratic institutions and processes, information technology policy or global governance. for more information  about these areas, please consult http:// wws .princeton .edu/ centers_ programs/. NA research project in values and public policy, and the likelihood that the project will be enhanced by being carried out  NA into account. term of appointment the term of appointment is one year, normally beginning september 1, 2014, with the expectation of renewal for one  further year assuming good performance. applicants are expected to be in residence for the duration of the appointment.  princeton offers competitive salary and employee benefits. how to apply candidates should submit an online application at http:// jobs .princeton .edu. search for requisition  number #1300483. the online system includes instructions on how to apply. a complete application will include the  following materials: 1. a current curriculum vitae; 2. a research proposal (not to exceed 1,500 words), conforming to the expectations stated above. the proposal should  describe what the applicant hopes to gain from carrying out the project in the woodrow wilson school. NA or potential; NA for the proposed research project. referees will be contacted directly by email with instructions for uploading letters  of reference. these materials should be submitted online by monday, november 18, 2013. we cannot accept application materials  by any other method. letters of reference are to be submitted by end of business day on thursday, november 21,  2013. the selection committee will begin reviewing applications immediately and incomplete applications may be at a  disadvantage. decisions will be announced by thursday, february 27, 2014. princeton university is an equal opportunity employer  and complies with applicable eeo and affirmative action  regulations. this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013. rice u