the department of english  invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor of film studies position beginning  september 2014. ph.d. in film studies or related field required by august 2014. also required of applicants  are a demonstrated commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching; potential for strong scholarly activity and  publication in relevant fields; and expertise in one or more of the following areas: nonfiction or experimental forms,  transnational cinema, and media and social justice. preferred qualifications include a demonstrated commitment to  film studies curriculum development or film programming; the ability to teach courses in either screenwriting, theory,  or literature, or courses that combine literature and film; specialization in any area of films studies that will  complement and expand our current film offerings; and familiarity with and sensitivity to cultural diversity issues.  NA NA interests and departmental needs. to be considered for the position, application materials must be submitted via  NA .aspx?jpid=4306 to view the full position announcement and complete an application. use internet explorer to fully  utilize the online application system. candidates should upload a letter of application, cv, and graduate transcripts.  additionally, three letters of recommendation are required; recommenders should email their letters to the film studies  search committee at english@ wwu .edu........................................................................ screening interviews will take place at the modern language association  convention in chicago or arranged as videoconferences. for consideration for a screening interview during the  mla convention, applications must be received by october 25, 2013. finalist interviews will be conducted on campus;  position open until filled. aa/eoe. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. western washington u english, 