company description:  founded in 1919, auc moved to a new 270 acre state of the art campus in new cairo in 2008. the university  also operates in its historic downtown facilities, offering cultural events, graduate classes, and continuing education.  student housing is available in both downtown zamalek and new cairo. among the premier universities in the region,  auc is middle states accredited; its engineering programs are accredited by abet, its chemistry program is  accredited by the canadian society for chemistry, and the management program is accredited by aacsb. the auc  libraries contain the largest english  language research collection in the region and are an active and integral part of  NA medium institution;  eighty five percent of the students are egyptian and the rest include students from nearly ninety countries, principally  from the middle east, africa and north america. faculty salary and rank are based on qualifications and professional  experience. all faculty receive generous benefits, from auc tuition to access to research funding; expatriate faculty  also receive relocation benefits including annual home leave, and tuition assistance for school age children. job description: the department of english  and comparative literature seeks a professor (open rank) of classics for a full time,  tenure track appointment beginning fall 2014. possible fields of interest include but are not limited to: mediterranean  studies, greco roman literature with an interest in classics of the broader ancient world, the reception of classics,  critical theory, and cultural studies. the successful candidate is expected to teach undergraduate and graduate courses,  NA requirements: applicants must have a ph.d. in classics or/and comparative literature by the time of appointment, preferably with a  record of an active research agenda and teaching experience. additional information: review of applications will open on nov. 1, 2013 and continue until the position is filled. application instructions: all applicants must submit the following documents via the online system:  a) an updated c.v; b) a letter of interest; c) a completed auc personnel information form (pif); d) list of professional  NA directly to hussref@ aucegypt .edu  note: please remember that your account login enables you to respond to any additional questions from auc, if  required. this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. american u of beirut