the department of english  at christopher newport university invites applications for the position of lecturer in english,  effective august 18, 2014. this position is a full time, non tenure track appointment with a nominal teaching  NA development of the curriculum and courses in composition. cnu has a vibrant department of english  that offers  NA learning core and have a promising scholarly agenda and commitment to taking an active part in the life and work  of the department and university. preference will be given to candidates with specialties in environmental studies  ecocriticism green cultural studies and science writing. a hired candidate with a ph.d. in english  can anticipate  NA the discretion of the university, be considered for appointment at the rank of instructor. cnu is committed to outstanding teaching and learning, undergraduate education, and the liberal studies core; the  university is seeking to shelter a phi beta kappa chapter. the fall 2013 freshman class of approximately 1,275 students  was selected from over 7,000 applicants with a middle 50% sat range of 1090 to 1240 (critical reading and  math). capital improvements (approaching $1 billion) on the beautiful, 260 acre campus, located between historic  NA mind, body, and spirit. these include the state of the art trible library, home to the most comprehensive maritime  research collections in the world; three new academic buildings including a newly opened integrated science building;  the freeman center athletic complex; and the i.m. pei designed ferguson center for the arts, which brings to virginia  the finest performing artists in the world. to apply, please send letter of interest, vita, three letters of reference, statement of teaching philosophy, and copies of  graduate transcripts (photocopies acceptable for initial screening) to: director of eo and faculty recruitment, english  (environmental rhetoric & science writing) faculty search, search #8198, christopher newport university, 1  avenue of the arts, newport news, va 23606 3072 or mlmoody@ cnu .edu. review of applications begins 11 15 13.  applications received after 11 15 13, will be accepted but considered only if needed. search finalists are required to  complete a cnu sponsored background check. representatives from cnu will be available at the mla convention  in chicago. however, attendance there is not required for consideration as a candidate for this position. cnu, an  eoe, is fully committed to access and opportunity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013. christopher newport u english,  1 university pl newport news va 23606