the department of modern languages and literatures at st. lawrence university invites applications for a visiting  assistant professor instructor to teach english  for academic purposes esl. the position will begin august 2014 and  is potentially renewable for two additional years. this position requires teaching six courses per year, or their equivalent by working individually with students. the  exact configuration of the work load will be negotiated with the dean of academic affairs. courses will be designed  largely to enhance the english  capabilities of students who are non native speakers of english.  one course each spring  semester will be a research intensive first year seminar. we also anticipate needing at least one course per semester of  english  for academic purposes esl, which specifically focuses on skills necessary for college success. this position  will also require administering english  language skills assessments to incoming international students. as a member  of the modern languages and literatures department, the successful candidate will have colleagues with whom to  discuss the process of teaching languages and teaching about cultural interactions. we also expect collaboration with  academic advising programs, the international student services coordinator, and the word studio. NA have several exchange students each year. this position is important to the university for integrating our students into  the campus and american culture more broadly, and fostering conversations that will enhance the education of all of  our students. to that end, we also expect that the person hired will expand on our developing conversation partners  program. requirements for this position are: NA NA  NA the university seeks excellence through diversity among its administrators, faculty, staff and students and prohibits discrimination  on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression,  disability, veteran status, or marital status. applications by members of all underrepresented groups are encouraged. interested candidates should submit a letter of application, cv and three letters of recommendation to dr. roy  caldwell, english  for academic purposes esl search chair, department of modern languages & literatures, st.  lawrence university, 23 romoda drive, canton, ny 13617. application materials may also be sent electronically  to mfilippi@ stlawu .edu. review of applications will begin on march 15, 2014 and will continue until the position is  successfully filled. located in canton, n.y., st. lawrence university is a coeducational, private, independent liberal arts institution of  about 2,400 students. the educational opportunities at st. lawrence inspire students and prepare them to be critical  and creative thinkers, to find a compass for their lives and careers, and to pursue knowledge and understanding for the  benefit of themselves, humanity and the planet. through its focus on active engagement with ideas in and beyond the  classroom, a st. lawrence education leads students to make connections that transform lives and communities, from  NA .stlawu .edu. slu is an affirmative action equal employment opportunity employer. all offers of employment are subject to the applicant successfully passing a background (including criminal records)  check. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 february 2014 and was available online from 20 february 2014 through 17 april 2014. sarah lawrence c