the english/ NA liberal arts college, seeks candidates for a tenure track appointment in global anglophone literature and english  language studies, to begin september 1, 2014. the successful candidate will develop upper level courses in her or his areas of expertise and will regularly teach history  and structure of the english  language, literary survey courses, introductory literature and general education  courses, and composition. preference will be given to candidates who have background in cultural studies and literary  theory. this position is contingent on final budgetary approval. qualifications: candidates must hold an earned ph.d. in literary studies with strong preparation in global  anglophone language and literature from the caribbean, africa, or the asian subcontinent and in english  language  studies. knowledge of african american literature is a plus. a demonstrated strong commitment to excellent teaching  is a must. candidates who are abd with a firm date of completion for the degree will be considered. preference will be given to candidates with at least three years of successful teaching experience at the college level,  interest in ongoing professional development, and experience with instructional technology. to apply: submit a cover letter, vita, a statement of teaching philosophy and three letters of reference with application.  all applicants will apply online with necessary materials through interview exchange at www .mcla .edu/ about_ mcla/ jobs. review of applications will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. reviewing of applications will begin november 1, 2013. full consideration will be given to applications received by  november 15, 2013. interviews will be conducted at the mla conference in january 2014. for additional information on the position, the department goals and aspirations, and the college, please go to   www .mcla .edu/ undergraduate/ majors/ englishcommunications/ [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 13 december  2013. massachusetts c of lib arts english/ communications, 375 church st north adams ma 01247