position: tenure track assistant professor of english  with a transdisciplinary focus on 19th century  british literature  in relation to sustainable communities. binghamton university seeks applicants whose work on 19th century  british literature crosses disciplines and develops  an approach compatible with a major campus initiative in sustainable communities, one of five transdisciplinary  areas of excellence (taes); that binghamton university has identified for growth under its suny2020 plan. the  successful candidate will contribute to the development of this tae as an area of intensive research and teaching. the  search committee will include members of the english  department as well as members of the sustainable communities  steering committee. for more information on the taes [and suny2020], go to   academics/ provost/ tae2013 .html.  the project could focus on literary representations of environmental sustainability, on the evolution and shifting nature  of communities under the impact of imperialism and colonization, on postcolonial communities and their efforts  to develop sustainable cultures, or other topics related to the ways communities adapt in order to maintain ecological,  social, economic, and political vitality. candidates should be prepared to teach 19th century  british literature from  transdisciplinary and transnational perspectives and to engage in dialogue with faculty from other disciplines about  sustainable communities. the position includes graduate teaching at a research intensive public university with a diverse  student body. qualifications: 1. completed ph.d. by time of appointment in august, 2014. 2. dissertation with a transdisciplinary approach to 19th century  british literature and a focus clearly related to sustainable  communities. 3. evidence of or potential for significant scholarly publication. 4. evidence of excellent teaching. salary: competitive. applications should be submitted as "search b" to interfolio by november 25, 2013, and should include a letter outlining  qualifications for this position; a cv; a dossier including at least three letters of reference; and a writing sample  NA the first round of interviews will be conducted by skype in december; finalists will be invited to campus at the start  of the spring semester. binghamton university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 6 december 2013. su of new york, binghamton u english,  gen lit, & rhetoric, po box 6000 binghamton ny 13902