NA for a cohort of two; appointments for one year, renewable for a second. we seek scholars with interests in global american studies: the history of the u.s. in the world, and the world in the  u.s. applications are welcomed from scholars with a variety of disciplinary backgrounds, bringing historical perspective  to topics such as empire, migration, race, indigeneity, and ethnicity, and investigating and or interpreting the history  and experience in the u.s. of native peoples, or peoples of african, asian, or hispanic descent. along with access  NA warren center residency is required. ph.d. must be in hand before the fellowship term begins july 1, 2014; the program is available up to four years after  NA the history and promotion of ideas and practices of social justice. the center welcomes applicants who will contribute,  NA NA academicpositions .harvard .edu  postings  4883.................................................................... by nov. 18, 2013; recommendations due dec. 9, 2013. decisions conveyed  in late january. this listing was submitted to the jil on 30 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. haverford c english,  370 lancaster av haverford pa 19041   writing fellows for the college writing program 20896   NA solicit applications in different fields and disciplines in the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences. we are particularly  interested in postdoctoral candidates who bring expertise in public speaking and oral communication; writing  as social practice; science writing; or digital writing, etc., and who are prepared to teach a diverse student body.  our first year seminars, however, are focused upon the academic essay and candidates should demonstrate experience  in teaching this kind of writing specifically. fellows will teach four first year writing seminars, two in each semester,  and have limited additional responsibilities in the program, largely developing different kinds of writing workshops.  successful candidates will infuse the seminars with fresh intellectual energy that reflects current scholarship in the  field. the fellowship is for one year, renewable for up to three years (inclusive); the salary is competitive and includes  benefits. this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 march 2014 and was available online from 28 march 2014 through 5 may 2014.  johns hopkins u krieger school of arts & sciences, 3400 n. charles st., 225 mergenthaler 3400 n. charles 237 mergenthaler 