bard high school early college queens, a partnership of bard college and the new york city department of education,  invites applications for a full-time faculty position in the languages and literature division beginning fall  2014. we are particularly interested in scholars with expertise in african, african-american, and african-diasporic  literatures, broadly defined. bhsec, a national model in the field of public school reform, enables talented and highly  motivated students to move in four years from the ninth grade through the first two years of college, earning an associate  of arts (a.a.) degree from bard college as well as a high school diploma. the academic program emphasizes  small class size and a commitment to teaching a diverse student body in a liberal arts environment. successful applicants will be innovative teachers, skilled in leading interactive, seminar style classes and engaging students  from widely diverse backgrounds. in addition, all faculty members are expected to participate fully in the life   of the school, advising students, serving on committees, or sponsoring extracurricular activities. ph.d. and college  teaching experience strongly preferred; high school teaching experience is desirable. new york state teaching certification  is a plus; assistance in securing certification will be provided to the successful candidate if necessary. we seek  teachers and scholars deeply committed to their field and creative in engaging students at both the college and high  school levels with its delights and challenges. to apply, send a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and three recommendations to hr29901@ bhsec .bard .edu............ in addition,  please include a brief classroom anecdote that you interpret for us. inquiries may be directed via email to hr29901@ bhsec .bard .edu......................................................... to the attention of dr. zach pickard, professor of literature.  review of applications begins immediately and will proceed until the positions are filled. members of under- represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. bard high school early college-queens NA long island city, ny 11101 aa/eoe [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 20 december  2013. barnard c