the department of africana studies, in affiliation with the department of english,  at the university of maryland  baltimore county (umbc) invites application for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor level, for scholars  with expertise in black comparative literature (i.e., black american, anglophone or francophone african, caribbean,  or african diaspora), to begin august 2014. the teaching load is five courses a year and four out of the five  courses will be taught in africana studies (the home department). the successful candidate will be expected to teach  one undergraduate or graduate course each year in the department of english.  we are searching for an excellent  teacher and a productive researcher whose interests include a comparative examination of literary traditions within  and across african american, african, and afro-caribbean communities; of black literary criticism; of post-colonial  theory; and of transnational circulations of black diasporic culture, performance writing, and poetics. the successful  candidate should have a strong interest in interdisciplinary teaching and research, in advising individualized undergraduate  research projects, in offering writing intensive (or wid) courses, and in advancing the field(s) of africana  studies, black literature, and/or comparative literature. moreover, the candidate will be expected to teach our undergraduate  introductory course in africana studies and to work with the center for africana research, an interdis  ciplinary research unit housed in the department of africana studies dedicated to addressing the ways in which race,  ethnicity, and culture impact communities of african descent within and beyond the continent of africa. umbc is a  nationally recognized leader in research and teaching innovation and highly values undergraduate teaching, research,  and mentoring. the suburban campus is located just south of baltimore and provides close proximity to the research,  cultural, policy, and public service resources within the baltimore-washington, d.c. corridor. umbc is especially  proud of the diversity of its student body and we seek to attract an equally diverse applicant pool for this position. we  have a strong commitment to increasing faculty diversity. please note: only electronic applications will be accepted.  applications will be accepted until november 8, 2013. applicants must hold a ph.d. in african american/africana/ black literary studies, or comparative and english  literature by the time of appointment. to apply, candidates must  submit a cover letter of interest describing their teaching experience and research agenda, a current curriculum vitae,  two writing samples, and teaching evaluations. candidates should arrange for three letters of reference to be sent separately  NA meadows, search committee chair, department of africana studies, at afstblkcomplitsearch@ umbc .edu. questions  should be directed to the same email address. umbc is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013. u of maryland baltimore county english, 