college of liberal arts department of creative writing position description: university of texas at el paso (utep) invites applications for a full time tenure track  assistant professor of poetry or fiction in our residential bilingual mfa beginning fall 2014. we seek a native level  speaker of spanish who is a practicing fiction writer or poet working primarily in spanish who also has near native  speaking ability in english. duties include: teaching residential graduate level workshops; teaching residential courses on craft, form and literature;  teaching undergraduate courses in creative writing; advising students; serving on thesis committees; to be a full  member of the department of creative writing and the utep community. the department of creative writing at utep, which offers the only bilingual mfa in creative writing in the americas,  understands bilingualism as the coexistence of both languages in the classroom. we thus seek a colleague who  feels comfortable teaching, advising, and interacting with students both in english  and spanish.  required qualifications: applicants must have an mfa in creative writing or a phd in a related field  such as english,  languages, or literature. competitive candidates will have an impressive publication history, including  at least one book from a national or university press in their country of origin. spanish native speaking ability.  english  near native speaking ability. preferred qualifications: prior experience teaching at the graduate level. salary: commensurate with experience. application procedure: review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position  is filled. selected candidates will be interviewed at the awp conference in seattle from february 26 march 1 or over  skype. electronic submission is required. candidates must submit: 1) cover letter, 2) curriculum vitae, 3) statement of teaching  philosophy and experience, 4) three letters of recommendation, 5) writing sample of up to 30 pages, and 6) most  recent book publication in pdf format. application materials must be sent to: NA chair, hiring committee, residential mfa jdepierola@ utep .edu the university of texas at el paso is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the university does not  discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status,  or sexual orientation in employment or the provision of services. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 20 december  2013. u of texas, el paso english, 