the department of english  at rutgers university, which has a long history of scholarship and teaching in african  american literature and literature of the african diaspora, announces two postdoctoral fellowships for scholars pursuing  research in these fields. applicants must have the doctorate in hand at the time of application and be no more than six years beyond the ph.d. the fellowship is for one year and includes a salary of $45,000, health benefits, and a $2000 research stipend. each recipient will teach one course, serve as an informal mentor to graduate students in the field, and participate in  the intellectual life of the department. please send letter of interest, c.v., dossier with at least three letters of reference, and research proposal to: professor cheryl a. wall, postdoctoral search committee department of english,  murray hall rutgers university 510 george street new brunswick, nj 08901 the deadline for applications is february 15, 2014. this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 november 2013 and was available online from 15 november 2013 through 21 february  2014. rutgers u english,  510 george st new brunswick nj 08901   mellon postdoctoral fellowship in english  19635    the school of arts and sciences and the department of english  at rutgers university are pleased to announce the  availability of a two year postdoctoral fellowship in the department of english,  supported by the andrew w. mellon  foundation. fellows will receive stipends of $50,000 annually as well as an annual research allocation of $2,000;  they will also receive rutgers university health benefits. fellows will teach three courses during the two year term,  pursue research, and participate in seminars and other activities at the rutgers center for cultural analysis. (details  about the cca, our programs, and working groups may be found on our website,   applications consisting of a cv, a 2500 word description of your research and its significance, and 3 letters of recommendation  should be submitted electronically. applications must be received by january 7, 2014. candidates must have received the ph.d. after august 31, 2009; applicants must have finished all requirements for the  ph.d. by july 1, 2014. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 13 december  2013. rutgers u women's & gender studies, 162 ryders ln new brunswick nj 08901   mellon postdoctoral fellowship in women's and gender studies 20035    NA rutgers university, announce a two year postdoctoral fellowship supported by the andrew w. mellon foundation.  the selected fellow will receive a stipend of $50,000 each year as well as an annual research allocation of $2,000 and  NA studies department during the two year term of her/his appointment and will participate in seminars, and other  irw activities. for more information on eligibility and how to apply, please see:   NA applications must be received by monday, january 6, 2014. rutgers university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the institution values diversity in its faculty,  staff, and students and especially encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013. tulane u english,  6823 st charles av new orleans la 70118   post doctoral teaching fellowships 20784   the freshman writing program at tulane university seeks post doctoral teaching fellows for fall 2014. candidates  must have a ph.d. in any humanities discipline with degree in hand by july 1, 2014 as well as experience teaching  composition. the teaching load is three courses per semester in small classes of approximately fifteen. additional duties  include active participation in pedagogy discussions as scheduled by the director. fellows receive an initial three  year contract with annual review, and the contract is renewable, pending successful review, through a terminal fifth  NA more information on the freshman writing program, please visit tulane .edu/ liberal arts/ english. please submit a letter of application, a cv, and a sample composition syllabus with the names of three references by  march 31, 2014. review of applications will continue until all positions are filled. applications will only be accepted  electronically via interfolio. women, minorities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. tulane university is an affirmative  action/equal opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 february 2014 and was available online from 21 february 2014 through 18 april 2014. tulane u liberal arts, new orleans la 70118   mellon postdoctoral fellows in the humanities 20115   the school of liberal arts at tulane university invites applications for a two year contract, renewable annually, as  mellon postdoctoral fellows in the humanities beginning in august 2014. we expect to appoint two or three fellows  NA must show remarkable promise as researchers and teachers. fellows will be assigned to one of six departments within  the school of liberal arts: communication, english,  french and italian, history, philosophy, or spanish and portuguese.  fellows will devote much of their time to strengthening their research profiles. the remainder of their time  will be spent teaching one course per semester. fellows will teach mid and upper level courses in their field of expertise,  and these courses will be cross listed with one or more of eighteen interdisciplinary programs. fellows must be in  residence at tulane during the tenure of their fellowship. preference may be given to applicants who intend to make  NA new orleans center for the gulf south, the hogan jazz archive, the newcomb center for research on women, the  southeastern architectural archive, the latin american library, the historic new orleans collection, the louisiana  state museum, and the archives of the new orleans public library. the stipend is $45,900 per year, with some funding  also available for research and travel. tulane university is a privately endowed institution located in new orleans. the university holds membership in the  association of american universities and is a carnegie extensive research university. tulane is composed of nine  academic divisions and home to over ten thousand graduate and undergraduate students. the mission of the school of  liberal arts is to nurture and promote innovate scholarship, transformative research, and creative inquiry within the   arts, humanities, and social sciences. based on a distinctive vision comprised of our interdisciplinary approach, dedication  to place based creativity, and commitment to service learning, the school provides students with an outstanding  education founded on close working relationships with distinguished faculty. additional information on the school of  liberal arts and its departments and programs can be accessed at   applicants should provide a one page summary of their dissertation and three sample titles with brief course descriptions  of courses they would like to teach. electronic submissions only, including cover letter, curriculum vitae, dissertation  summary, sample courses, and three letter of recommendation are due online via interfolio by december 1,  2013. to apply please visit:   dean, school of liberal arts at kgotham@ tulane .edu. tulane university is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer  committed to excellence through  diversity. all eligible candidates are invited to apply for position vacancies as appropriate. this listing was submitted to the jil on 23 october 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 16 january 2014. u of chicago