rutgers university camden seeks to appoint a tenure track assistant professor or tenured associate professor as founding  NA  NA be knowledgeable about interdisciplinary work involving the humanities, fine arts, computing and social sciences. this is a ten month, tenure track faculty position with teaching and administrative responsibilities. the founding director  will help shape the vision for the rutgers camden digital studies center consistent with the academic mission  of the college of arts and sciences. the director will coordinate an interdisciplinary academic program in digital  studies for undergraduate and graduate students. additional administrative responsibilities include assisting with fundraising,  as well as oversight for budgeting, planning, staffing and daily operations for the center. NA NA academic program, projects, and research will reach across the disciplines in myriad ways, such as faculty  seminars, conferences, publications, and digital media endeavors. candidates should have demonstrated digital scholarly  output. history of successful grant funding is also preferable. rutgers camden is the southern campus of rutgers, the state university of new jersey, and an aau institution. located  in the waterfront district just across the delaware river from downtown philadelphia, the campus enrolls more  NA review of applications will commence october 1st, and continue until the position is filled. please send letter of  interest and cv (including websites relevant to your candidacy) to ms. julie strasser roncinske (jstrasse@ camden  .rutgers .edu), special programs and initiatives coordinator, liaison to associate dean allen woll, search committee  chair. you may also send your materials to her at: office of the dean, college of arts and sciences and the graduate  school, armitage hall, 311 n. 5th street, rutgers university, camden, nj 08102. rutgers university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the university and our departments seek  to attract an active, culturally diverse faculty and staff of the highest caliber. women and minorities are strongly encouraged  to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 30 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. william paterson u english,  300 pompton rd wayne nj 07470