the university of pennsylvania invites applications for the endowed dick wolf assistant professorship in new media,  a tenure track position in the department of english.  the wolf assistant professor will join the core faculty of the  program in cinema studies and will help to develop the new media curriculum at both the graduate and undergraduate  levels. the position begins july 1, 2014. a demonstrated commitment to excellence in scholarship and teaching  is required. we will consider a wide variety of methodologies, but we are particularly interested in candidates whose  work considers questions of new media within a global /transnational context. phd is expected by the start of the appointment.  application materials are to be submitted online at   a complete application includes a cover letter, cv, writing sample, statement of teaching philosophy, and the contact  information for three individuals who will be contacted by the university with instructions on how to submit a letter  of recommendation. candidates are encouraged to apply by november 1, 2013, but applications will be reviewed  until the position is filled. the university of pennsylvania is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. u of pittsburgh english,  526 cathedral of learning pittsburgh pa 15260   assistant professor: film studies: production studies 19760   the film studies program and the department of english  at the university of pittsburgh invite applications from  filmmaker scholars for a new, anticipated tenure track, assistant professor position in production studies, to begin august  2014, pending budgetary approval. we seek candidates who can teach media production at both the graduate and undergraduate levels as well as contribute  to our new interdepartmental phd in film studies with scholarly and creative work. our new colleague will  develop our long standing relationship with pittsburgh filmmakers as we work towards an expanded production  track within our undergraduate major. founded in the early 1970s, pittsburgh filmmakers remains one of the most  important independent filmmaking cooperatives in the country. possible areas of research include, but are not limited to, the history of cinema, narrative and non narrative modes  of film and media production, documentary, the avant garde, animation, digital media, gaming, media archaeology,  political economy, media activism, industry studies, visual anthropology, scientific and medical imaging, international  media formations, and media emergence and obsolescence.  the university of pittsburgh has been a leader in film studies research for decades. we have recently added a new interdisciplinary  doctoral degree that involves renowned faculty from departments such as communication, east asian,  english,  french and italian, german, hispanic, history of art and architecture, and slavic. a phd and/or mfa is required by the time of appointment. to apply, please visit   1) cover letter 2) cv that details both scholarly and creative work 3) names of three references selected candidates will be invited to submit additional materials, including examples of scholarly and creative work,  letters of recommendation, and a teaching portfolio. we plan to interview at the mla in chicago in january. for questions about the position, please contact the director of the film studies program, adam lowenstein, at  alowen@ pitt .edu. (no application materials can be accepted via this e mail address.) the university of pittsburgh is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  and values equality of opportunity,  human dignity and diversity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of pittsburgh english,  526 cathedral of learning pittsburgh pa 15260   assistant professor of composition, literacy, pedagogy, and rhetoric (2 positions) 19757   pending budgetary approval, the department of english  at the university of pittsburgh anticipates two tenure track  positions available for assistant professors in our program in composition, literacy, pedagogy, and rhetoric. we are  seeking colleagues to help teach a range of courses in the graduate and undergraduate curriculum and to join a faculty  with a record of distinguished work in composition and pedagogy. our program has cultivated innovative and interdisciplinary  NA studies. current strengths of faculty research are: history and theory of literacy and instruction; rhetoric and poetics;  rhetoric and the body; digital media; and the relationship of reading to writing. we will be looking for colleagues  who would find these commitments, interests, and affiliations congenial and bring to the department strong research  projects and pedagogical practices that will enrich and transform them. we will have additional positions to fill in the  following years. teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. salaries competitive. tenure is awarded for excellence in research, teaching  and service. to apply, please visit   1) cover letter 2) cv 3) names of three references selected candidates will be invited to submit additional materials, including examples of scholarly work, letters of recommendation,  and a teaching portfolio. we plan to interview at the mla in chicago in january. the university of pittsburgh is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  and values equality of opportunity,  human dignity and diversity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of pittsburgh english,  526 cathedral of learning pittsburgh pa 15260   lecturer: director of digital media production 19806    the department of english  at the university of pittsburgh is expecting to create a new, non tenure stream position  as the director of digital media production to begin august 2014, pending budgetary approval, and seeks a digitally  skilled, experienced educator to fill this cross programmatic position. our department recognizes that new genres  of scholarship and pedagogy require writers, teachers, and students to learn and produce work in emerging audio  visual and interactive platforms. through teaching, digital lab consultation, and curricular activities, the ddmp will  support this work. specifically, the ddmp will develop and disseminate digital media practice across programs in  composition, creative writing, literature, and film, build on existing momentum, and forge new initiatives and partnerships  that position pitt english  on the vanguard of digital media projects and pedagogy. the ddmp will: (1) support and collaborate with other faculty to design and produce innovative multimedia projects,  remain current with emerging platforms, practices, and genres; (2) design and teach production based digital  courses across programs, as needed, including regular courses in composition and writing, which prepare graduate  NA digital media learning coordinator (graduate student appointment) to provide training and support in digital technology  and pedagogy, and (4) participate in the development of emerging digital initiatives, including the creation of  an interdepartmental digital studies certificate and a dedicated lab space for digital narrative and production. mfa or phd required. appointment will be at the rank of lecturer, outside of the tenure stream. to apply, please visit   1) cover letter 2) cv that details scholarly and creative work informing digital pedagogy 3) teaching portfolio 3) names of three references selected candidates will be invited to submit letters of recommendation. the university of pittsburgh is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  and values equality of opportunity,  human dignity and diversity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 26 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of pittsburgh english,  526 cathedral of learning pittsburgh pa 15260   assistant professor: film studies: international cinema 19759   the film studies program and the department of english  at the university of pittsburgh invite applications for a  new, anticipated tenure track, assistant professor position in international cinema, to begin august 2014, pending  budgetary approval. we seek candidates who can teach at both the graduate and undergraduate levels as well as contribute to our new interdepartmental  phd in film studies. our colleague's research interests will engage with our existing strengths in the  study of cinema and media across national, historical, cultural, linguistic, and aesthetic boundaries. possible areas of research include, but are not limited to, the history of world cinema, transnational media networks,  film and media theory/criticism, televisual and digital media formations, regional and international screen cultures,  and media publics. the university of pittsburgh has been a leader in film studies research for decades. we have recently added a new interdisciplinary  doctoral degree that involves renowned faculty from departments such as communication, east asian,  english,  french and italian, german, hispanic, history of art and architecture, and slavic. we seek a candidate whose research program could highlight, consolidate, and re imagine the connections among  these departments. a phd is required by the time of appointment. to apply, please visit   1) cover letter 2) cv 3) names of three references  selected candidates will be invited to submit additional materials, including examples of scholarly work, letters of recommendation,  and a teaching portfolio. we plan to interview at the mla in chicago in january. for questions about the position, please contact the director of the film studies program, adam lowenstein, at  alowen@ pitt .edu. (no application materials can be accepted via this e mail address.) the university of pittsburgh is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  and values equality of opportunity,  human dignity and diversity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of the arts