the department of english  at the university of houston invites applications for a tenured associate or full professor  position in american literature before 1900. possible areas of interest include but are not limited to environmental  studies, religious studies, and rhetoric. the successful candidate must have a strong record of scholarly research and  publication, and a demonstrated strength in teaching pre national, national, and 19th century literature at both the  graduate and undergraduate levels. the department of english  is a large, dynamic department offering the m.a. and  ph.d. in english  and american literature; the m.f.a. and ph.d. in literature and creative writing; a doctoral concentration  in rhetoric, composition, and pedagogy; and graduate certificates in empire studies and in translation  studies. in addition to the department's strengths, the university of houston's college of liberal arts and social sciences  offers programs in african american studies, mexican american studies, and american cultures, and it houses  the center for the americas. the university of houston is the premier tier one public doctoral institution in the nation's fourth largest city, and  has one of the most diverse student bodies among research one universities. please submit through interfolio via the  link above a letter of application, "curriculum vitae" and dossier, including three letters of reference, evidence of effective  teaching, and a writing sample of no more than twenty (20) pages to professor wyman h. herendeen, chair,  department of english,  university of houston, houston, texas 77204 3013. hard copy of applications may also be  sent directly to the above address. review of applications will begin on 1 november, 2013, and will continue until  the position is filled. the university of houston is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  minorities,  women, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of houston, clear lake