digital humanities center: associate director princeton university seeks an innovative leader to help build a nationally  significant faculty research center that will support collaborative technology based projects and will foster  and develop inter disciplinary and trans disciplinary partnerships. this individual will work closely with the faculty  director and advisory board to develop and support the infrastructure and intellectual community of the digital humanities  center in the short and long term. princeton seeks someone who will both inform the vision of the digital  humanities center as well as ensure its smooth and effective operation. the associate director reports directly to the  faculty director, with a secondary reporting relationship to the deputy university librarian. for detailed position description:   responsibilities: NA the associate director will bring vision and enthusiasm to the role of establishing a sustainable digital humanities  center at princeton. he or she will represent the center, serving as a liaison with princeton university faculty, the  office of information technology, and the university library. he or she will communicate and lead programmatic  interactions with related organizations in the united states and abroad. the associate director will work closely with the office of corporate and foundation relations to raise funds to  support the goals outlined in the five year plan of the center. these goals include the creation and implementation of  the postdoctoral and graduate student fellowship program and assistance in creating a graduate student alternative  academic (alt ac) training program. the associate director will also engage in grant writing and will help inform  faculty about grant opportunities for short and long term funding from sources both on and off campus. NA graduate students, and undergraduate students. the associate director will assist in project definition and analysis, including advising about project scope, requirements  and specifications, and project design. NA mission. the associate director will keep abreast of new methodologies and practices relevant to digital humanities. he or she  will update the faculty director and the advisory board regularly on practices, standards, events, and other developments  NA NA NA is responsible for careful and appropriate management of the administrative allowance, endowed funds, and  grants or sponsored research. the associate director monitors spending and provides regular and timely analysis  and projections of the available funds. he or she ensures that all internal deadlines are met and that the center is  compliant with all internal guidelines and external regulations. the associate director is responsible for recruiting,  NA equipment, personnel). essential qualifications:  the princeton university digital humanities center seeks a professional with a proven track record in the emerging  field of digital humanities with the ability to be diplomatic, build consensus, and utilize discretion. the position is  NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA and implementation preferred qualifications: NA NA NA compensation and benefits: princeton offers competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits program that is responsive to the needs of its diverse  staff. the comprehensive benefits program includes health and life insurance coverage, pension benefits, flexible  spending accounts, income protection in the event of short and long term disabilities, benefits for employee education,  children's tuition grants, as well as 24 vacation days a year, 9 holidays and 2 personal days. nominations and applications: review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. applications will be accepted  only from the jobs at princeton website:   and a list of three references with full contact information. princeton university is an equal opportunity/affirmative actionemployer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 january 2014 and was available online from 24 january 2014 through 18 april 2014. princeton u