1800 to present the department of humanities and human sciences invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor, beginning  fall 2014. we are seeking a british generalist, 1800 to the present, with preference for candidates who specialize  in fields after 1830. desirable secondary specializations include transnational and global literatures, new media studies,  or multi ethnic studies. the candidate should be prepared to teach first year composition courses as well as upper  level literature courses such as victorian poetry and prose, literary criticism, and british literature ii. ph.d. required  at the time of appointment. the best candidate will have experience with assessment and curriculum development, as well as a record of successful  teaching at the undergraduate level and a commitment to ongoing scholarly engagement. NA rank and salary will be commensurate with experience. requirements: a ph.d. with a focus in nineteenth or twentieth century british literature is required for this appointment.  degree must be in hand before a contract will be issued. about the university: point park university is an independent, coed institution located in downtown pittsburgh with  an enrollment of approximately 4,000 full and part time students in more than 50 majors and concentrations. to  learn more about point park university visit   application procedure: please submit a letter of application detailing your interest, qualifications, and research focus;  a cv; a statement of teaching philosophy; a writing sample not to exceed 30 pages; and at least three (3) letters of  recommendation to dr. robert fessler, acting dean, school of arts and sciences at artsandsciences@ pointpark .edu.  please note that the subject line must state the position for which you are applying. review of applications will begin  may 23, 2014 and will continue until the position is filled. point park university is an equal opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 may 2014 and was available online from 9 may 2014 through 20 june 2014.  saint francis u