the department of english  at rhodes college invites applications for a two year full time sabbatical replacement  beginning august 2014. the successful candidate should have a completed ph.d., with a specialization in 20th/21st  century u.s. literature. we are particularly interested in candidates whose scholarly and pedagogical expertise includes  u.s. multiethnic literatures. courses will include first year writing seminars and both intermediate and advanced  literature classes, with an opportunity to design or modify courses at all levels. the successful candidate will  have financial support for travel related to scholarship and professional development. teaching load is 3/3. review of  applications will begin march 31 and continue until the position is filled. please apply online at jobs .rhodes .edu. completed applications must include a cover letter, a current curriculum vitae,  writing sample, evidence of teaching experience (i.e., course descriptions, syllabi), and three letters of recommendation.  for additional information contact: prof. marshall boswell, chair department of english rhodes college 2000 north parkway memphis, tn 38112 founded in 1848, rhodes college is a highly selective, private, residential, undergraduate college, located in memphis,  tennessee. rhodes aspires to graduate students with a lifelong passion for learning, a compassion for others, and  the ability to translate academic study and personal concern into effective leadership and action in their communities  and the world. rhodes encourages applications from candidates interested in helping us achieve this vision. memphis has a metropolitan population of over one million and is the nation's 18th largest metropolitan area. the city  provides multiple opportunities for research and for cultural and recreational activities. read more about memphis. we are an equal opportunity employer  committed to diversity in the workforce. this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 february 2014 and was available online from 28 february 2014 through 23 may 2014. tennessee tech u english,  po box 5053 cookeville tn 38505