the bates college program in environmental studies seeks to hire a one year visiting assistant professor whose  scholarly focus is on cultural studies of the environment within one of the humanities. we are looking for a colleague  to join a vibrant, multi disciplinary program beginning 1 august 2014. the successful candidate will be expected to teach a broad introductory course on the environment and human  culture in each semester, an existing mid level environmental literature course in one semester, and two additional  courses focusing on literary or cultural perspectives on the environment. advising of senior theses is also required. we  are particularly interested in candidates who bring diverse perspectives on u.s. environmental traditions. applicants  should have completed their ph.d. (or be abd with extensive experience) by time of appointment; teaching experience  and strong communication skills are required. bates and environmental studies program are committed to enhancing the diversity of the campus and the curriculum.  NA to social and cultural diversity, inclusiveness, and the transformative power of our differences. the search  committee expects applicants to identify their strengths and experiences in these areas and describe how their research,  teaching, and outreach can further this goal. applicants should submit electronically, in pdf format, a letter of intent (including a list of potential electives), a cv,  official or unofficial graduate and undergraduate transcripts, a writing sample, a teaching statement, and a one page  NA description should make clear its relevance to a general curriculum in environmental studies. please also arrange  for the email submission of three letters of recommendation in pdf format. all materials should be sent to nancy  lepage, project specialist, 207 786 6480, at academicservices@ bates .edu and should include in the subject line the  NA continue until the position is filled. for more information about the program and curriculum, see www .bates .edu   environment . bates is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  because the college recognizes that employment decisions  often involve two careers, bates welcomes applications for shared positions. employment is contingent upon successful  completion of a background check. for more information about the college, please visit the bates website: www .bates .edu. this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 january 2014 and was available online from 24 january 2014 through 7 march 2014. bowdoin c english, 