english full time, academic year, tenure track assistant professor of english,  college of liberal arts at california  polytechnic state university, san luis obispo, california, to begin september 15, 2014. specialization in modern  or contemporary dramatic literature, with the ability to teach both required; sub specialty in global drama highly  desired. all tenured and tenure track faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization at the undergraduate and  graduate levels. duties for this position also include teaching general education literature survey and or composition  courses. cal poly is primarily a teaching university. in the english  department the typical teaching assignment is 12  units per quarter with correspondingly reasonable service and research expectations. salary is commensurate with  qualifications and experience. requirements include: a ph.d. in english  or related field at time of appointment, experience  and excellence in college level teaching, and evidence of professional activity that keeps the candidate abreast  of scholarship within his or her professional field. to apply, please visit   a required online faculty application and apply to requisition #103052. please be prepared to provide three professional  references with names and email addresses when completing the application. please attach to your electronic  application a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing sample indicative of area of scholarship.  please see online posting for mailing instructions for official transcripts showing highest degree and any other documents  that cannot be submitted online. for applicants using interfolio or other dossier service, please refer to online  posting for mailing instructions for three current letters of recommendation. review begin date: november  22, 2013. interviews will be at the mla convention. for questions please call 805 756 5850. cal poly is strongly  committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. the university actively encourages applications and  nominations of all qualified individuals. eeo. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013. california polytechnic su english, 