the university of houston department of english  invites applications for an assistant professor position with a specialization  in south asian literatures in english.  a secondary specialization in one or more of the following is strongly  preferred: immigrant south asian american writing, postcolonial theory/literature, british studies. the successful  candidate will be expected to conduct research and teach at both the graduate and undergraduate levels in the above- mentioned areas and to contribute to program building in these fields. completion of ph.d. in english  or comparative  literature at the time of appointment is required. the department of english  is a large, dynamic department  offering the m.a. and ph.d. in english  and american literature; the m.f.a. and ph.d. in literature and creative  writing; a doctoral concentration in rhetoric, composition, and pedagogy; and graduate certificates in empire studies  and in translation studies. in addition to the department's strengths, the university of houston houses the center  for asian american studies offering a minor in asian american studies, and the college of liberal arts and social  sciences offers programs in india studies, african american studies, mexican american studies, and it houses the  center for the americas. the university of houston is the premier tier-one public doctoral institution in the nation's fourth largest city, and  has one of the most diverse student bodies among research-one universities. please submit through interfolio via the  link above a letter of application, "curriculum vitae" and dossier, including three letters of reference, evidence of effective  teaching, and a writing sample of no more than twenty (20) pages to professor wyman h. herendeen, chair,  department of english,  university of houston, houston, texas 77204-3013. hard copy of applications may also be  sent directly to the above address. review of applications will begin on 1 november, 2013, and will continue until  the position is filled. the university of houston is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  minorities,  women, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of houston english, 