the english  department at the university of illinois springfield seeks a specialist in composition rhetoric with an  emphasis in digital rhetoric to begin august 2014. applicants should be able to teach digital research methodologies  and to teach writing at multiple levels including developmental writing, esl ell, first year composition, and advanced  composition both on ground and online to undergraduate and graduate students. within a year of initial hire,  the successful candidate will be expected to direct our first year writing program. requirements include a ph.d. in  english  or related field from an accredited university. a.b.d. will be considered. normal teaching load is 12 credit  NA consistent with the goals and values of an english  department at a liberal arts institution to eng@ uis .edu.  NA located in the state capital, the university of illinois springfield is the third campus of the university of illinois. the  uis campus serves over 5,100 students in 20 graduate and 23 undergraduate programs. the academic curriculum of  the campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, an array of professional programs, extensive opportunities in experiential  education, and a broad engagement in public affairs issues. the campus offers many small classes, substantial  student faculty interaction, and a technology enhanced learning environment. its diverse student body includes  traditional, non traditional, and international students. twenty five percent of majors are in 17 undergraduate and  graduate online degree programs, and the campus has received several national awards for its implementation of online  learning. uis faculty members are committed teachers, active scholars, and professionals in service to society. to  learn more, visit the university web page at   english . uis is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer.  persons with disabilities, women, and minorities  are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013.  u of illinois, urbana champaign english, 