position: tenure-track assistant professor of english  with a transdisciplinary focus on comparative race and ethnic  studies in relation to citizenship, rights, and cultural belonging. binghamton university seeks applicants whose work on race and ethnic studies crosses disciplines and develops an approach  compatible with a major campus initiative in citizenship, rights, and cultural belonging, one of five transdisciplinary  areas of excellence (taes) that binghamton university has identified for growth under its suny2020  plan. the successful candidate will contribute to the development of this tae as an area of intensive research and  teaching. the search committee will include members of the english  department as well as members of the citizenship,  rights, and cultural belonging steering committee. for more information on the taes [and suny2020], go  to http:// www .binghamton .edu/ academics/ provost/ tae2013 .html. the project could focus on literature addressing issues of citizenship and rights by african american, asian american,  native american, and/or latino writers, on representations of cultural belonging and its challenges by transnational  ethnic writers, on global perspectives on race and ethnicity in relation to rights, or on other topics related to the ways  race and ethnicity inflect rights and cultural belonging. candidates should be prepared to teach literature and culture  from transdisciplinary and transnational perspectives and to engage in dialogue with faculty from other disciplines  about citizenship, rights, and cultural belonging. the position includes graduate teaching at a research-intensive public  university with a diverse student body. qualifications: 1. completed ph.d. by time of appointment in august, 2014. 2. dissertation with a transdisciplinary approach to comparative race and ethnic studies and a focus clearly related to  citizenship, rights, and cultural belonging. 3. evidence of or potential for significant scholarly publication. 4. evidence of excellent teaching. salary: competitive.  applications should be submitted as "search a" to interfolio by november 25, 2013, and should include a letter outlining  qualifications for this position; a cv; a dossier including at least three letters of reference; and a writing sample  NA the first round of interviews will be conducted by skype in december; finalists will be invited to campus at the start  of the spring semester. binghamton university is an affirmative-action/equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 6 december 2013. su of new york, c at brockport english, 