 the department of english  invites applications for an assistant professor position in u.s. multiethnic/native american  literatures to begin september 2014. a ph.d. in english,  american ethnic studies, or a related field is required by  august 2014. scholarly and pedagogical expertise in u.s. multiethnic literatures, including a strong commitment to  native american literatures, is required. also required of applicants are a demonstrated commitment to excellence in  undergraduate teaching and a potential for strong scholarship and publication in relevant fields. preferred candidates  will possess a comparative framework for understanding the literatures and cultures of racially marginalized groups in  the united states. the department also prefers candidates whose work in u.s. multiethnic/native american literatures  engages transnational discourses and theoretical practices as seen in fields such as border, diaspora, hemispheric,  and/or transatlantic studies. preferred candidates will also demonstrate an interest in working as a liaison with local  tribes to cultivate a vibrant link between the university and its surrounding indigenous communities, as well as familiarity  with and sensitivity to cultural diversity issues. the successful candidate will have the departmental standard  NA NA NA (ease). please log in to   and complete an application. use internet explorer to fully utilize the online application system. candidates should  upload a letter of application, cv, and graduate transcripts. additionally, three letters of recommendation are required;  recommenders should email their letters to the u.s. multiethnic/native american literatures search committee  at english@ wwu .edu. screening interviews will take place at the modern language association convention  in chicago or arranged as videoconferences. for consideration for a screening interview during the mla convention,  applications must be received by october 25, 2013. finalist interviews will be conducted on campus; position open  until filled. aa/eoe. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. whitman c english,  345 boyer st walla walla wa 99362