the department of english  at florida international university invites applications for a permanent, full time, non  tenure track instructor to begin fall 2014. the instructor will teach literature classes through a fully online platform  at the lower division and, as appropriate, upper division. ma or phd in english  or related discipline is required, with  specialization in online pedagogy and experience in digital instruction of literature. knowledge of online course  management systems platforms is required. instructors in english  at fiu teach at a regular 4 4 load, but this position  may provide a course reduction each semester (to a 3 3) for additional assistance in online course development for the  department and current faculty. promotion opportunities are available to fiu instructors. position is contingent upon  funding. qualified candidates are encouraged to apply to job opening id 506807 at careers .fiu .edu and attach, in a single pdf  file, a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a statement of teaching philosophy. additionally, three recommendation  NA NA strychar@ fiu .edu...................................................................................................). to receive full consideration, applications and required materials should be received by december  1, 2013. please indicate if you would be available at mla convention in chicago, january 2014, for interview.  review will continue until position is filled. florida international university is a comprehensive university offering 340 majors in 188 degree programs in 23 colleges  NA public health, law, journalism, hospitality, and architecture. fiu is carnegie designated as both a research university  with high research activity and a community engaged university. located in the heart of the dynamic south florida  urban region, our multiple campuses serve over 50,000 students, placing fiu among the ten largest universities in  the nation. our annual research expenditures in excess of $100 million and our deep commitment to engagement  have made fiu the go to solutions center for issues ranging from local to global. fiu leads the nation in granting  NA NA NA this listing was submitted to the jil on 23 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 5 december 2013. florida southern c english 