the department of english  at daemen college invites applications for a tenure track appointment in rhetoric and  composition beginning in fall 2014.  ph.d. in rhetoric and composition, writing studies, or related field is required before august 15, 2014, as is evidence  of strong undergraduate teaching. research area(s) open, though candidates with expertise in assessment,  wac, or digital rhetoric preferred. responsibilities include: teaching introductory and advanced composition and or professional writing; assisting in  planning and development of course work for a new departmental writing studies track; serving on departmental,  divisional, and college committees; contributing to college wide writing initiatives outlined in daemen college's  strategic plan; sustaining an active program of scholarly research; and advising undergraduate english  students. the  position offers opportunities to participate in writing program administration, first year learning communities, and  service learning over time. review of applications will begin november 25 and will continue until the position is filled. submit letter of interest,  resume and contact information for three professional references in a single attachment to personnel@ daemen .edu. daemen college is an aa eoe employer  and strongly encourages applications from women, people of color and  candidates who will contribute to and support the cultural fluency and diversity of our campus. all hiring decisions  are subject to final budgetary approval. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 6 december 2013. fordham u english,  536 dealy hall 441 e fordham rd bronx ny 10458   writer in residence: fiction 19627   the fordham university english  department invites applications for a writer in residence with a specialization in  the writing of fiction. required: mfa or phd, teaching experience, and at least one book publication. the successful  candidate should expect a 2 2 teaching load of undergraduate and graduate writing workshops, alternating between  the rose hill (bronx) and lincoln center (manhattan) campuses; to lead tutorials; to administer university creative  writing prizes; to advise campus literary publications; and to participate actively in the administration of fordham's  growing creative writing program. the initial contract would be for two years, renewable for a third. competitive  salary with benefits. by november 1, 2013, please submit a curriculum vitae, a 10 page writing sample, a sample creative  writing workshop syllabus, and a cover letter addressed to sarah gambito, creative writing director, through  interfolio. this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013. fordham u english,  536 dealy hall 441 e fordham rd bronx ny 10458 writer in residence: digital creative writing 19628   the fordham university english  department invites applications for a writer in residence with a specialization in  digital creative writing. required: mfa or phd, teaching experience, and at least one book publication or substantive  online writing project. the successful candidate should expect a 2 2 teaching load of undergraduate and graduate  writing workshops, alternating between the rose hill (bronx) and lincoln center (manhattan) campuses; to lead  tutorials; to administer university creative writing prizes; to advise campus literary publications; and to participate  actively in the administration of fordham's growing creative writing program. the initial contract would be for two  years, renewable for a third. competitive salary with benefits. by november 1, 2013, please submit a curriculum  vitae, a 10 page writing sample, a sample creative writing workshop syllabus, and a cover letter addressed to sarah  gambito, creative writing director, through interfolio. this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013.  graduate center, cuny