the writing and rhetoric program at hobart and william smith colleges invites applications for a tenure track position,  rank of associate or advanced assistant professor preferred, beginning fall 2014. ideal candidates hold the phd  in rhetoric and composition or related field. possible secondary specialties include literacy studies, composition studies,  NA as well as the entry level writing course and eventual participation in the first year seminar program. the successful  NA writing colleagues program, participating in wac wid initiatives, or writing program development; therefore,  administrative experience is highly desirable. candidates must offer evidence of teaching excellence and a developed  research agenda. application files should be submitted through interfolio via the link above for review by november 10, 2013. send a  letter of interest, curriculum vitae, official graduate transcript, and statements of teaching and research interests, and  three letters of recommendation to margueritte s. murphy, acting chair, writing and rhetoric program, hobart &  william smith colleges. eoe hobart and william smith colleges are committed to attracting and supporting faculty and staff that fully represent  the racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from under represented groups.  the colleges do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, age, disability,  veteran's status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression or any other protected status. hobart and william smith colleges are a highly selective residential liberal arts institution located in a small, diverse  city in the finger lakes region of new york state. with an enrollment of approximately 2,200, the colleges offer 62  majors and minors from which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be an interdisciplinary  NA mission. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 22 november  2013.  hofstra u