the english  department at depaul university invites applications for a full time non tenure track position in post  NA three courses per quarter. the successful candidate will teach a variety of courses in american literature in the department's  undergraduate literary studies major, as well as general education literature courses for non majors in the  university's liberal studies program. a secondary specialty in african american literature, world anglophone literature,  or ethnic studies is welcome. salary is commensurate with experience. position carries full benefits. we seek a candidate with a strong record of scholarship, demonstrated excellence in and commitment to undergraduate  teaching, and a phd in hand. the depaul department of english  offers graduate and undergraduate degrees in  literature and creative writing to more than 400 undergraduate majors and 200 graduate students in two master's  programs. the successful candidate will have experience teaching undergraduate students of diverse backgrounds and  sensitivity to the educational goals of an urban multicultural student population. we particularly seek candidates who  mirror the diversity of the university and its surrounding community, and we encourage applications from women,  people of color, and individuals from other historically under represented groups. to apply, please electronically submit a letter of application, cv, names and email contacts for three references, and  unofficial or official graduate transcripts. all application materials must be submitted online. screening of applications  will begin immediately and continue through july 24th, 2014. please apply at: facultyopportunities .depaul .edu/  applicants/ central?quickfind=51150 depaul university is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. we seek candidates with a  commitment to undergraduate education and experience teaching students of diverse backgrounds. one of the largest  private universities in the country, depaul offers graduate and undergraduate degrees on two chicago campuses. the  department of english  particularly seeks candidates who mirror the diversity of the university and its urban setting,  and we specifically solicit applications from women, people of color, and individuals from other historically underrepresented  groups. this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 july 2014 and was available online from 11 july 2014 through 31 july 2014. depaul u english,  2315 n kenmore av arts & letters hall 312 chicago il 60614