the department of english  at hendrix college invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor position, to  begin 1 august 2014, in early modern british literature, with particular emphasis in shakespeare. desirable areas  of interest include historicist approaches to literary texts, studies of print and manuscript culture, book history, and  NA literary studies, other teaching responsibilities may include introductory and advanced writing, introductory and  advanced literary studies courses, and a first year interdisciplinary team taught course entitled the engaged citizen.  applicants must have in hand a ph.d. in english  NA NA NA a curriculum vitae and three letters of recommendation (including the phone numbers and email addresses of   the referees), and transcripts of all graduate and undergraduate work. applications from candidates with an interest in  participating in the common freshman course and other interdisciplinary programs, and in using instructional technology  where appropriate, will be particularly welcome. application materials should be sent by november 11, 2013  through bycommittee via the link above. email questions to stuber@ hendrix .edu. hendrix is a distinguished liberal arts college with an endowment of $181 million, sheltering a chapter of phi beta  kappa, located in conway, arkansas, thirty miles from little rock at the foothills of the ozark mountains. the college,  related to the united methodist church, has a strong commitment to excellence in teaching liberal arts. hendrix  college adheres to the principle of equal educational and employment opportunity without regard to age, race,  gender, disability, sexual orientation, or national origin. further, the college is committed to the maintenance of an  atmosphere of civility and respect for all students, faculty, and staff. please visit our website at www .hendrix .edu. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. u of arkansas, fayetteville