job id: 9264 location: baruch college full/part time: full-time regular/temporary: regular closing date november 15, 2013 campus specific information: the department of english  at baruch college of the city university of new york seeks to fill a tenure-track position  in shakespeare and renaissance literature at the assistant professor rank. we welcome applications of all methodological  approaches, especially applicants with an interest in critical theory, gender, and/or sexuality. qualifications: ph.d. degree in area(s) of experience or equivalent. also required are the ability to teach successfully, demonstrated  scholarship or achievement, and ability to cooperate with others for the good of the institution. the successful candidate  must have completed the ph.d. no later than august 2014. compensation:  cuny offers faculty a competitive compensation and benefits package covering health insurance, pension and retirement  benefits, paid parental leave, and savings programs. we also provide mentoring and support for research, scholarship,  and publication as part of our commitment to ongoing faculty professional development. how to apply: candidates should send a letter of application; curriculum vitae; an article-length writing sample; and three letters of  recommendation by e-mail to: english .searchshren@ baruch .cuny .edu -or- by mail to: search committee chair, shakespeare and renaissance literatures department of english NA 55 lexington avenue new york, ny 10010 application materials must be received by november 15, 2013; interviews will be held at the mla convention in  chicago. equal employment opportunity: we are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities,  minorities, veterans, and women to apply. we take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence  through diversity and inclusion. eo/aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. baruch c, cuny english, 