the university of georgia department of english,  in conjunction with the franklin college of arts and sciences, is  searching for a senior scholar at the full professor level to fill the j. 0. eidson distinguished professorship in american  literature. we aspire to attract candidates of the highest caliber and, to that end, will consider specialists in any genre  and time period, employing any interpretive framework and addressing the concerns of any critical community in the  field. our goal is to appoint a seasoned and successful teacher, eager to teach at both the undergraduate and graduate  levels, as well as an eminent scholar with considerable experience guiding doctoral students. the teaching load is three courses per year, with the expectation that the eidson professor will be in residence at the  university through the traditional months of the academic calendar to direct independent student work and contribute  to the life of the department and the university. salary is commensurate with the stature of a distinguished chair  and includes the management of a substantial research budget over which the eidson professor has a broad discretionary  control. the start date for the position is august 10, 2014.  telephone interviews will be held to determine finalists, who will be brought to campus. interested parties should  send a letter of application, a cv, a writing sample, and three letters of recommendation to   .com . review of materials will begin december 1, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. georgia is well known for its quality of life in regard to both outdoor and urban activities (www .georgia .gov). uga  is a land and sea grant institution located in athens, 70 miles northeast of atlanta, the state capital (www .visitathensga .com; www .uga .edu). the franklin college of arts and sciences, its many units, and the university of georgia are committed increasing  the diversity of its faculty and students, and sustaining a work and learning environment that is inclusive. women, minorities,  and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. the university is an eeo aa institution. faculty members  are expected to support the college's goals of creating and sustaining a diverse and inclusive learning environment. this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 28 november 2013. NA NA english,  NA