the department of foreign languages, translation, and interpreting at the nyu school of continuing and professional  studies (nyu-scps) announces a full-time clinical teaching position available september 1, 2014. this  position will also serve as the academic director for the m.s. in translation and work closely with the departmental  director to whom it reports on strategic planning for the growth and development of this important degree. this is a nine-month, non-tenured, full-time faculty position with a concurrent eleven-month administrative appointment  that is renewable annually. the academic director teaches four courses per academic year and has release  time from two additional courses to manage duties related to student affairs, faculty recruitment and oversight, periodic  review and revision of the curriculum, attending meetings and/or conferences, and serving on departmental or  school-wide committees and task forces.  the 36-credit m.s. in translation is offered in three language pairs, french to english  and spanish to english  online  and chinese to english  on-site. the curriculum consists of three groups of courses: translation and language theory,  subject matter background and practical translation courses. there are required and elective courses in each group. the focus of the spanish and french program is in on legal and financial translation while the chinese program has a  broader scope on legal, commercial and technical translation. software localization is also taught. for more information  about the programs go to: http://www.scps.nyu.edu/mstrans qualifications: candidates should possess an advanced degree, a record of significant, successful, teaching experience  in a degree program, professional translation experience in at least one of the three language pairs of the program and  in one or more of the areas covered by the program. ph.d. preferred. to apply, go to: www.nyuopsearch.com/applicants/central?quickfind=51871 applications will be accepted until january 10, 2014. nyu appreciates all applications but can only respond to qualified  candidates. nyu is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 31 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 24 january 2014. new york u steinhardt school of culture, education & human development, 82 washington square e 4th floor new 