ph.d. in composition/rhetoric or related field. administrative experience, teaching experience in multiple levels  of university writing courses, and evidence of appropriate research activity required. other requirements include:  working knowledge of wac theory, research, and practice; experience teaching with writing-to-learn and learning- to-write pedagogies; and experience leading faculty development programs and workshops. applicants should have  awareness of and sensitivity to the educational goals of a multicultural population as might have been gained in cross- cultural study, training, teaching, and other comparable experience. excellent teaching, publications, fundraising or  grant activity, and committee and other service to the department and university are considerations for tenure and  rank. responsibilities include coordinating the wac program; teaching in the area of expertise; supervising and improving  NA working closely with the coordinators/directors of freshman composition, the writing center, and the basic writing  program; advising appropriate administrators and chairs in hiring and providing professional development to wac  faculty; developing courses/assessment tools and providing faculty development support for wac courses; developing  NA NA NA salary range: commensurate with qualifications and experience. employment starting date: august 21, 2014. employment is contingent upon proof of eligibility to work in the  united states. application procedures: applications should be submitted through interfolio by november 15, 2013. for full  consideration send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, a separate description  of research interests, and three recent letters of reference. please include the joid number (22713) on all correspondence.  subject to budgetary approval. NA NA this listing was submitted to the jil on 5 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. san jose su english 