desales university, invites applications for an assistant professor of english  to direct our freshman writing  program, to begin fall, 2014. although this is a non tenure position, the successful applicants can take advantage of  our generous long term contracts with the possibility of conversion to a tenure track position in the distant future. we  seek a generalist who enjoys teaching undergraduates, and who has a broad base of academic training in composition  and rhetoric. a ph.d. and college teaching experience required. women and minorities are encouraged to apply.  please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and photocopies of transcripts to  brian m. kane, ph.d., head, division of liberal arts and social sciences, desales university, 2755 station avenue,  center valley, pa 18034 9568. electronic submissions should be emailed to maryanne .charlton@ desales .edu....... review  of applications will begin on october 15th, 2013. desales university is a catholic liberal arts institution on a   beautiful 500 acre campus in the lehigh valley of eastern pennsylvania, approximately one hour from philadelphia  and one and a half hours from new york city. eoe for further information, please visit our web site   .desales .edu/ desales university, invites applications for an assistant professor of english  with a specialization in american  literature, to begin fall, 2014. although this is a non tenure position, the successful applicants can take advantage of  our generous long term contracts with the possibility of conversion to a tenure track position in the distant future. we  seek a generalist who enjoys teaching undergraduates, and who has a broad base of academic training in composition  and rhetoric. a ph.d. and college teaching experience required. women and minorities are encouraged to apply.  please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and photocopies of transcripts to  brian m. kane, ph.d., head, division of liberal arts and social sciences, desales university, 2755 station avenue,  center valley, pa 18034 9568. electronic submissions should be emailed to maryanne .charlton@ desales .edu....... review  of applications will begin on october 15th, 2013. desales university is a catholic liberal arts institution on a  beautiful 500 acre campus in the lehigh valley of eastern pennsylvania, approximately one hour from philadelphia  and one and a half hours from new york city. eoe for further information, please visit our web site   .desales .edu/ this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. dickinson c english, 