NA growing and requires outstanding faculty in several disciplines to start by august 2014. for details, please visit www  .scgssm .org. as part of our expansion, we are seeking an exceptional english  NA ph.d. preferred, in american or english  literature, and a love of teaching. desired qualifications include a strong content  background in literature and composition and experience in teaching english  at college or advanced high school  levels, knowledge and application of technology, an understanding of gifted learners, and enthusiasm for teaching motivated  and talented high school aged. general academic advising, committee meetings, student activity advising, and  occasional evening weekend commitments are a regular part of faculty responsibilities. current courses taught at gssm at the college or university level include junior english,  senior english  (advanced  placement english  literature and composition), special topics in dramatic literature, introduction to film, writing  prose nonfiction, studies in the evolution of the hero, contemporary fiction and introduction to philosophy, along  with independent studies. gssm encourages the introduction of new courses. courses offered will vary each semester  depending on the interests and expertise of instructors, and on student interest. this is a full time (10 month) teaching position, with full benefits available. a public school teaching certificate is not  required. salary is competitive and commensurate with credentials, experience and unique capabilities. gssm offers a wonderful teaching environment with motivated and talented students in a residential setting and is  recognized among the top public elite high schools in the nation. we are a statewide, public residential high school  for 11th and 12th graders specializing in the advanced study of science and mathematics. historically, gssm has  maintained a 10:1 student to faculty ratio. nearly 80% of the faculty members have earned doctoral degrees. over five  NA  please apply electronically. forward a cover letter, resume and teaching statement, along with the gssm application  available at www .scgssm .org  employment, prior to december 6, 2013 (for early consideration). forward all materials to email address: gssmpersonnel@ gssm .k12 .sc .us NA in the subject line. the s.c. gssm is an equal opportunity employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 31 january 2014. u of south carolina, beaufort english  & theatre, 1 university blvd bluffton sc 29909