the department of english  at illinois state university invites applications for a nine month tenure track assistant  professor in african literatures and cultures. successful candidates will have a strong record of theoretically informed  scholarship and a commitment to excellence in teaching. we encourage applications from scholars with a strong historical  background in the cultures and literatures of the continent, facility in an indigenous african language, and  knowledge of colonial and postcolonial traditions. we are particularly interested in scholars focusing on west, central  or east africa and engaging in comparative cultural theory. phd required by time of appointment. 2 3 teaching load;  salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. to ensure full consideration, please complete and submit electronically the standard illinois state university job application  and voluntary information form: www .jobs .ilstu .edu  applicants  central?quickfind=64366 NA application, c.v., and writing sample to the attention of christopher c. de santis, chair, department of english,  illinois state university. also arrange for three letters of recommendation to be uploaded to bycommittee by the  recommenders. application materials provided by individuals selected for interviews will be available for review by all tenured and  tenure track faculty in the department of english.  review of applications will begin november 1 and continue until position is filled. the successful applicant must be  legally authorized to work in the united states by august 15, 2014. the appointment begins august 16, 2014. the isu english  department emphasizes an english  studies model in its undergraduate, ma, and phd programs,  and includes scholars in the fields of children's literature, composition, creative writing, english  education, linguistics,  literary and cultural studies, publishing studies, rhetoric, tesol, and technical communication. our  department faculty and graduate students are a community of diverse scholars who value collaborative and interdisciplinary  work. for additional information about isu and our department, please consult english .illinoisstate .edu. illinois state university is an equal opportunity affirmative action university encouraging diversity. this listing was submitted to the jil on 23 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 18 november  2013. illinois su english, 