assistant or associate professor critical race and ethnic studies the division of humanities at the university of california, santa cruz (ucsc) invites applications for a position in  critical race and ethnic studies (cres) at the level of assistant professor (tenure track) or associate professor (with  tenure). the successful applicant will contribute to teaching and scholarly research in cres through membership in  a department within the humanities division (feminist studies, history, history of consciousness, literature, or  philosophy). associate professor level (with tenure) appointees can hold appointments in more than one department.  applicants should be able to contribute to the study of race/ethnicity/gender formations as categories of analytic difference  that structure society and as concepts that organize our knowledge of it. possible related areas of research and  teaching might include: critical race theories; transnational and global south feminisms; comparative ethnic studies;  racialization and political formations; queer of color critique; sexuality and reproductive justice; immigration, diaspora,  and labor formations; race, science, and technology; social justice and inequality; race, representation, and cultural  production. rank: assistant professor to early associate professor salary: commensurate with qualifications and experience basic qualifications: assistant professor level: phd or equivalent degree (in hand at time of application) in  critical race and ethnic studies or related fields; a record of research and scholarly productivity, including a book in  preparation or forthcoming; a record of college teaching. associate professor level: ph.d. or equivalent in critical race and ethnic studies or related fields; a record of research  and scholarly productivity, including a book published or forthcoming; a record of college teaching. position available: july 1, 2014, with academic year beginning september 2014 or later. apply at   NA closing date: review of applications will begin on january 15, 2014. eoe this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 december 2013 and was available online from 13 december 2013 through 24 january 2014. u of california, santa cruz