NA the english  department at the university of new haven invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor to  coordinate our first year writing program beginning fall 2014. our vibrant and growing department is committed to  innovative classes and curriculum, experiential education, and the development of writing in all disciplines. the suc  cessful candidate will be a highly collaborative individual able to foster student achievement, program success, faculty  development, and strong relationships across the university. this individual will coordinate the activities and assessment  of the first year writing program; teach courses in first year writing and upper level writing and or literature;  participate in advising, service, and program development; and maintain an active writing and publication record. a ph.d. in english  (or related field) or an m.f.a. in writing with substantial achievements in teaching, administration,  and publication; administrative experience is a plus, as is experience with international student populations.  additional strength in one or more areas that the department is looking to develop preferred: professional technical  writing, creative writing, business writing, postcolonial & world literatures, ethnic literatures of the u.s. applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching and research statements, evidence of teaching experience  (including course syllabi and student feedback if available), and the names and contact information of three  NA to help ensure proper delivery. you may also mail this information to: NA human resources department university of new haven 300 boston post road, west haven, ct 06516 review of applications will begin january 2, 2014 and continue until a successful candidate is selected. the university of new haven is an equal opportunity employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 31 january 2014. wesleyan u