the africana studies and film studies programs at texas a&m university invite applications for a tenure track open  rank position. applicants must have a ph.d. in africana studies, film studies or related field. we seek candidates with  a strong research agenda and teaching record in african cinema or african diaspora cinemas in the united states, the  united kingdom, or latin america. secondary fields of specialization may include ethnographic cinema and documentary  cinema. the position will have equal responsibilities in both programs; we expect the successful candidate to  be able to teach francophone, hispanic, anglophone, and lusophone black cinema, even if her or his specialty is in  one or two of these areas. the successful candidate will teach in the areas of her or his specialization, as well as introduction  to africana studies, introduction to film analysis, and film history. texas a&m university is a research  i institution, and the search committee is looking for scholars dedicated to interdisciplinary research, undergraduate  teaching, graduate mentoring, and program development. the search committee will begin reviewing applications on november 1. send your application letter, curriculum  vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a 20 page writing sample to: juan alonzo, chair africana and film studies search 4355 tamu texas a&m university college station, tx 77843 4355 if you have questions, contact juan alonzo, chair of africana and film studies search: jjalonzo@ tamu .edu. texas a&m university and the africana studies and film studies programs are deeply committed to promoting a diverse  educational environment among our faculty and students. we are actively seeking applications from individuals  whose diverse backgrounds and perspectives will strengthen our community. this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 26 december 2013. texas a&m u english,  4227 tamu college station tx 77843