duties and responsibilities: the dean of the college is the chief academic officer of the largest college  at the university. this individual provides leadership for all academic and research programs and has responsibility  for the growth and success of the college. the dean reports directly to the senior vice president & provost of the  norman campus. he/she is expected to work collaboratively with colleges across the university to deliver world  NA departments, schools and programs, to develop innovative curricula, and to provide outstanding service to the state of  oklahoma. the college includes nineteen academic departments, two accredited schools, eight interdisciplinary programs and  four independent research units   schools and programs, and reviews all hiring, tenure, and promotion recommendations for the norman and  tulsa campuses. the dean leads meetings of the faculty, college executive committee, and the college board of visitors.  the dean will hold a tenured academic appointment within an appropriate division in the college. qualifications:  NA NA NA NA stakeholders other information: college: as the largest and most diverse unit at the university, the college of arts and sciences educates students  through undergraduate and graduate degree programs in the humanities, the social sciences, the sciences, and through  its professional schools and interdisciplinary programs. the college also provides a significant portion of the general  education curriculum for undergraduate students enrolled in the other colleges of the university. NA 1) to foster research or creative achievement and the generation of knowledge, and to see that the knowledge generated  in the course of research and creative achievement is disseminated to students and citizens through a vibrant curriculum;  and 2) to help students attain an understanding of the complex world in which we live: its physical and biological structure;  its political, economic, and social institutions; its intellectual and spiritual inheritance; and its philosophies and  literatures. nominations and applications: the university of oklahoma invites letters of nomination, applications (letter of interest,  complete curriculum vitae, list of references), or expressions of interest to be submitted to the chair of the  search committee, gregg garn, dean, ou jeannine rainbolt college of education. review of the materials will  begin immediately and continue until the appointment is made. applicants will be notified prior to the search committee  solicitingletters of reference. nominations, applications and inquiries should be directed to: gregg garn, dean, jeannine rainbolt college of education 820 van vleet oval, collings hall, room 100, university of oklahoma, norman, ok 73019 NA the university of oklahoma is an equal opportunity institution. www .ou .edu/ eoo this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 november 2013 and was available online from 15 november 2013 through 27 december  2013. u of oklahoma english, 