the division of humanities at new college of florida invites applications to fill a position as visiting assistant professor  of english  for academic year 2014/15, with strong possibility of extension through 2015/16, to replace a faculty  member moving into the administration. new college is a small, highly selective, liberal arts honors college within  NA teaching load is 2/2 plus supervision of tutorials and direction of january term independent study projects. teaching  competence in american literature and poetry are essential. we welcome all applications, particularly those that  demonstrate scholarly and teaching interest in visual studies, transatlantic literature and culture, or literature of the  environment. the successful candidate will be expected to teach at least two courses that focus on poetry, including  an introduction to poetry emphasizing formal literary analysis. new college encourages visiting faculty to develop  courses that build on their own scholarly expertise; the successful candidate will be able to offer courses at an advanced  or beginning level in areas of their own scholarly interest that serve the larger goals of the english  program.  english  at new college seeks to introduce students to literature of the anglophone world; we expect students majoring  in english  to demonstrate strong skills in textual analysis, historical approaches, cross cultural work, and a basic  knowledge of applied critical methods and theories. all students at new college produce a senior project, most often  a written thesis. candidates should demonstrate teaching experience and enthusiasm about working at a small liberal arts college. send  curriculum vitae, letter of application, 3 brief course descriptions (1 for an introductory course in poetry), and three  NA NA in pdf or msword preferred. review of files will begin february 15. new college of florida is an equal opportunity employer.  we encourage inquiries from candidates who contribute  to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 december 2013 and was available online from 6 december 2013 through 31 january 2014. new c of florida