wheaton college invites applications for a tenure track position at the rank of assistant professor in nineteenth century  NA century, and s he should be prepared to teach courses in 18th century literature and culture as well. the position will  offer opportunities to develop new courses within or across the nineteenth and eighteenth centuries. a ph.d. in english  or a related discipline and teaching experience are required. candidates close to completion of  their degrees may be considered, but ph.d. must be in hand by july 2014. candidates must demonstrate experience  teaching first year writers. the department is part of a selective, undergraduate, liberal arts college committed to active student learning. it  maintains strong programs in english,  creative writing, and first year writing as well as making substantial contributions  NA NA normal teaching load is 2 3. all members of the english  department teach first year writing and occasionally teach  NA wheaton college is an equal opportunity  affirmative action employer.  the department and the college are committed  to attracting promising candidates from groups presently under represented in our community, with the goal  of maintaining and enriching an intellectually diverse learning environment. applicants should submit a cover letter, cv, and statement of teaching philosophy online at   uploaded. writing samples will be requested after initial screening. position to start july 2014. inquiries only to prof.  claire buck (department chair) at buck_ claire@ wheatoncollege .edu. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 23 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013.  williams c english,  85 mission park dr williamstown ma 01267   tenure track position in american studies 19908 apply.interfolio.com 22301 the program in american studies at williams college invites applications for a new position in native american  studies. the successful candidate will teach courses in american studies and native american studies. the position  is full time, tenure track, beginning fall 2014. candidates should submit a letter of interest, a vita, a statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference  by november 1, 2013. all applications should be submitted through interfolio at apply .interfolio .com  22301 . [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. williams c english,  85 mission park dr williamstown ma 01267   visiting assistant professor 19292   the english  department of williams college seeks a one year, full time visiting assistant professor in medieval english  literature with a strong interest in global comparative medieval studies and or critical theory. specific areas  might include (but are not limited to) one or more of the following: judaism and islam, empire and national identity,  gender and sexuality. in addition to courses in their specialty, candidates will teach one or more introductory courses  (on topics of their own devising) for first year students. full time visitors teach five courses over two semesters and  receive a full benefits package. the start date for the position will be july 1, 2014. williams college is a coeducational liberal arts institution located in the berkshire hills of western massachusetts  with easy access to the culturally rich cities of albany, boston, and new york city. the college is committed to  building and supporting a diverse population of approximately 2,000 students, and to fostering an inclusive faculty,  staff and curriculum. williams has built its reputation on outstanding teaching and scholarship and on the academic  excellence of its students. please visit the williams college website (  are contingent upon completion of a background check. further information is available here:   faculty .williams .edu  prospective faculty  background check policy  . [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 29 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. worcester su english,  486 chandler st worcester ma 01602