the school of humanities and social sciences at nanyang technological university (ntu), singapore, invites qualified  academics to apply for a faculty position as assistant professor in language and communication. candidates should possess a ph.d. in applied english  linguistics, english  for academic purposes, technical communication,  or a similar subject, with a strong research agenda. candidates with teaching and research experience in  at least one of the following areas are welcome to apply: (i) teaching of english  for engineering and science NA (iii) teaching of research writing for phd theses and publications at postgraduate level documented experience of teaching in such areas at tertiary level is also an important requirement. the successful candidate will assist in the design and implementation of courses in discipline specific english  and  technical communication for students in various schools and colleges across the university, including the college  of engineering, the college of science, and the college of humanities, arts, and social sciences. he or she will also  be expected to carry out research and to publish in the leading journals in the field. this position offers an exciting  opportunity to develop cutting edge research and teaching at one of the most dynamic universities in asia. to apply, please refer to the guidelines for submitting an application for faculty appointment (  .sg/ ohr/ careeropportunities/ submitanapplication/ pages/ facultypositions .aspx...................................) and email your application package  [consisting of a cover letter, curriculum vitae, personal particulars form, teaching and research statements, three  selected reprint/preprints of publications, and the names and email addresses of three potential referees] to: d lcc@  ntu .edu .sg applications may also be submitted by regular mail to:  head, language and communication centre school of humanities and social sciences nanyang technological university NA singapore 637332 enquiries about the position may be addressed to: head, language and communication centre professor kingsley bolton email: kbolton@ ntu .edu .sg review of applications will begin upon receipt and will continue until the position is filled. only shortlisted candidates  will be notified. this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. national central u english, 