we are looking for faculty who value teaching as a career and who are interested in teaching both undergraduate and  graduate courses in professional/technical communication. department/university service, student advising, research,  and ability to work in teams are expected. willingness to pursue grants is a requirement. effective use of technology   in the classroom is essential as we are a laptop campus and a polytechnic university; expertise or interest in online delivery  is preferred. successful candidates will have a degree in any relevant field, including technical communication,  rhetoric, composition, communication studies, english,  journalism, and mass communication. phd is preferred,  abd considered; phd and research are required for promotion and tenure. we seek candidates who can contribute to our bachelor of science in professional communication and emerging  media (pcem) program (with concentrations in technical communication, applied journalism, and digital humanities)  as well as a master of science in technical and professional communication (mstpc) program, offered  exclusively online. competitive candidates will have academic expertise and/or professional experience to teach in  one or more of the following areas: usability, user experience and user centered research, content management/seo,  emerging and/or social media, research in the digital humanities, convergent journalism, public relations, digital storytelling,  project management. consistent with our mission as a teaching institution, the standard teaching load is 4/4. in addition to teaching courses  in the pcem and mstpc programs, candidates should be willing to teach first year composition. course assignments  will vary depending on curricular and student needs. for a more detailed description of the position, please see our website:   via www .uwstout .edu/ jobs/............................................................................................... to be considered applications must include: cover letter, vita, copies of transcripts, evidence  of teaching potential and contact information of three current references. for additional information, contact  dr. jerry kapus, chair, department of english & philosophy, at 715 232 1103 or kapusj@ uwstout .edu. employment  is contingent upon a successful background check. application deadline october 1, 2013. eeo/aa this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. wyoming u of wyoming english,  dept 3353 1000 e university av laramie wy 82071