the english  department at the university of tennessee-chattanooga invites applications for the position of lecturer  in children's and young adult literature (non-tenure track, annual appointment). duties include teaching four undergraduate  courses each semester (typically two in children's/ya literature and two in composition), service to the  department and college, and advisement of undergraduate majors. qualifications: ph.d. or a.b.d. with specialization  NA excellence in and commitment to undergraduate teaching, and excellent writing, interpersonal, and communication   skills. applicants should submit a letter of interest, vita, graduate transcript, a list of graduate courses taken exclusively  NA young adult literature course syllabi and assignments, and three letters of reference to facultyvitae23@ utc .edu the  search committee will begin screening applications immediately and continue until the position is filled. the university of tennessee at chattanooga is a metropolitan university of 12,000 students offering baccalaureate  degrees in 44 fields, masters in 22, and doctorates in three. founded as a private university in 1886, it became a primary  campus of the university of tennessee in 1969. its 100-acre campus is located near downtown chattanooga, in  the center of a very scenic metropolitan area of more than 450,000. chattanooga has been featured in us news and  NA and riverfront development, public and private partnerships, and excellent quality of life. the university of tennessee chattanooga is an eeo/aa/title vi/title ix/section 504/ada/adea. all qualified  applicants will receive equal consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race,  color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or  mental disability, or protected veteran status. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 june 2014 and was available online from 20 june 2014 through 1 august 2014. u of tennessee, knoxville english,  301 mcclung tower knoxville tn 37996