university college at the university of toronto invites applications for the richard charles lee chair in chinese  canadian studies, a tenure-stream position at the rank of associate or assistant professor. the appointment will  begin on july 1, 2014, by which time the successful candidate must hold a ph.d. the richard charles lee chair is open to scholars in chinese canadian studies in a range of disciplines in the humanities  and social sciences. the successful candidate will demonstrate excellence in and commitment to research and  teaching in an interdisciplinary environment at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. salary will be commensurate  with qualifications and experience. NA program and to take a lead role in developing the recently launched asian canadian studies minor. in addition, her  or his teaching and research will be expected to draw upon and expand the already strong existing partnerships with  chinese and asian communities in toronto. the successful candidate will be offered a graduate appointment in one of the departments of anthropology, art, english,  history, political science, religion, or sociology, or in the cinema studies institute or the centre for drama,  theatre, and performance studies. he or she will participate in teaching and supervision in the graduate unit. the faculty of arts and science at the university of toronto has both a collegiate and departmental structure. university  college is the founding college of the university and has a long-standing commitment to challenging its diverse  body of over 4200 undergraduate students to excel intellectually and to preparing them to engage in the wider  world. in addition to the canadian studies program, university college sponsors two other interdisciplinary undergraduate  NA bonham centre for sexual diversity studies. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting: http:// uoft .me/ academicopportunities. applications should  include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), a sample of  academic writing, and a statement outlining current and future research interests. if you have questions about this position,  please contact uc .searches@ utoronto .ca. all application materials should be submitted online. the u of t application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine  attachments into one or two clearly labelled files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found  at: http:// uoft .me/ how-to-apply. applicants at the associate professor level should provide us with the names of at least three referees whom we should  contact for letters in support of your application. applicants at the assistant professor level should ask at least three referees  to send letters directly to the college via e-mail to uc .searches@ utoronto .ca. this address may also be used to send additional documents that cannot be accommodated using the online application  system. to ensure full consideration, all application materials should be received by november 1, 2013.  the university of toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and live in one of the most diverse and  cosmopolitan areas in the world. for more information about university college, please visit http:// www .uc .utoronto .ca/; for the canadian studies program, please visit www .uc .utoronto .ca/ canadianstudies. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual  minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. u of toronto english,  170 st george street, rm 607 toronto on m5r 2m8 canada