the department of english  at auburn university invites applications for a tenure track position in rhetoric and composition,  specializing in first year composition and writing program administration, preferably at the advanced assistant  or associate professor level, to begin fall semester 2014. women and minorities are encouraged to apply. the teaching load for tenure track faculty in english  NA time for administrative work as well as research. in addition to collaborative administrative opportunities in the first  year composition program (as limited term director or associate director, depending on qualifications), this position  NA offer a graduate concentration in rhetoric and composition. individuals joining our current small group of rhetoric  and composition faculty would be working with us to focus and invigorate our first year composition courses, as well  as to enrich our offerings in the undergraduate professional and public writing major and at the graduate level. required qualifications include a phd in rhetoric and composition, english,  or a closely allied area; a strong research  and teaching specialization, as well as academic background, in rhetoric and composition studies; evidence of   successful teaching experience at the college or university level, particularly in first year composition; potential for  or evidence of excellence in teaching in undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition; significant  potential for or evidence of successful research, publication, and other scholarly/professional activities; scholarly and  pedagogical commitment to teaching core curriculum courses in first year composition; strong potential for or evidence  of collaborative administrative experience in first year composition; and strong potential as a colleague taking  part in the life and work of a unified department of english  studies (including undergraduate majors in creative writing,  literature, and professional writing, and graduate concentrations in creative writing, literature, and rhetoric and  composition, as well as a dedicated graduate program in technical and professional communication). the candidate  selected for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in the united states at the time the appointment  is scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of employment; excellent communication  skills required. NA experience in collaborative work across administrative units (e.g., writing center, honors college, etc.); strong  evidence of collaborative administration, teaching, and scholarship. research specialization is open, but we particularly  seek individuals with demonstrated research strengths in contemporary composition pedagogy; writing program  administration; e learning (e portfolios, mobile learning platforms, distance); in critical literacies, multimedia writing,  and/or civic engagement. NA news and world report ratings of undergraduate programs, it was ranked 36th among public universities. auburn is  an institution that is both highly research active and committed to maintaining teaching excellence. it is located in an  attractive college town in the east central part of the state, 90 minutes from atlanta. the department of english,  the  largest in the college of liberal arts, offers the ba, ma, mtpc, and phd. applications will be accepted online at   ready to upload: cover letter; curriculum vitae; writing sample; statement of administrative philosophy; statement  of teaching philosophy; selected teaching materials and student evaluations from at least two courses; contact  information for three recommenders; transcripts (official transcripts required only upon hire). review of applications  will begin january 6th. auburn university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 16 january  2014. auburn u