the center for english  as a second language (cesl) at the university of kentucky seeks a dynamic, creative, and  visionary director for the intensive english  program (iep). successful candidates will have leadership experience in  university based intensive english  programs; experience with cea accreditation or review processes preferred. candidates  will hold an ma in tesl, applied linguistics, language education, or a related field (ph.d. preferred but not  required). the ideal candidate will have established expertise in curriculum development, language assessment, and  teacher professional development. the director will be appointed as lecturer or senior lecturer on an 11 month contract; lecturers are non tenure  earning faculty members on two or three year, indefinitely renewable contracts. appointment begins 1 january 2014.  university of kentucky salary and benefits are extremely competitive nationally. the center for english  as a second language is an independent program in the college of arts and sciences. the  intensive english  NA bridge program, special programs, and ita training. the director of the iep will report to the cesl director  and will work closely with him to review and develop all aspects of the intensive program. the university of kentucky center for english  as a second language is located in beautiful lexington, kentucky,  NA inquiries to professor thomas clayton, director of the center for english as a second language (tmclay@ uky .edu). please e mail letter of application, cv, and sample documents that illustrate expertise in curriculum, assessment, and  NA NA position is filled. short listed candidates will be asked to solicit letters of recommendation. the university of kentucky is an affirmative action  equal opportunity university that values diversity and is located  in an increasingly diverse geographical region. it is committed to becoming one of the top public institutions  in the country. women, persons with disabilities, and members of other underrepresented groups are encouraged to  apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 13 december  2013.  u of kentucky english,  1215 patterson office tower 500 s limestone st lexington ky 40506