the college of liberal arts and sciences at the university of illinois, chicago is seeking candidates for a tenure  track position as an assistant professor in asian american visual cultures beginning fall 2014. this hire is part of a  NA NA  for the position in visual culture, we seek scholars whose research examines how visual technologies and or artifacts  have been central to the production, consumption, and or regulation of the asian american body in the context  of nation building, empire, and diaspora. we welcome candidates with interdisciplinary and comparative projects  informed by cultural studies and or art history that focus on the body in or outside of the u.s. context. areas  of research may include any number of visual mediums, ritual spectacle, or technologies of seeing, including film,  television, photography, digital cultures, architecture, painting, sculpture, fashion, etc. candidates who can teach  core undergraduate courses in asian american studies will be most strongly considered. the standard teaching load  is 2 2. the primary appointment for this position will be in asian american studies, with a joint appointment possible  in a range of departments and interdisciplinary programs. applicants are expected to have a ph.d. at the time of  appointment. for fullest consideration please apply by december 2. applicants should complete an online application, which includes  cover letter, statement of research and teaching interests, curriculum vitae, a 20 page writing sample, and the  names and email addresses of three references. applications can be completed   36895). the final authorization of this position is subject to availability of state funding. NA areas. it is a comprehensive public university with a diverse student body of more than 25,000 undergraduate,  graduate, and professional students. questions about the position can be directed to either helen jun, junhelen@ uic .edu or cynthia blair, cmblair@ uic  .edu, co chairs of the search committee. women and members of minority groups are especially encouraged to apply.  aa eeo [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 5 december 2013. u of illinois, chicago english, 