job field: contractually limited term (professoriate) faculty division: faculty of arts and science department: centre for medieval studies campus: st. george (downtown toronto) closing date: open until filled (applications will be reviewed starting march 22, 2014 and continue until position  is filled) the centre for medieval studies, university of toronto, invites applications for two positions of drafting editor at  the dictionary of old english.  this is a grant funded contractually limited term appointment for three years, with  the possibility of renewal, at the rank of assistant professor. the appointment will begin on july 1, 2014. the successful candidate will have a phd by time of appointment or shortly thereafter. applicants must also demonstrate  a deep familiarity and expertise with the corpus of old english  and have excellent research ability. the successful  candidate will have teaching experience and will be expected to contribute to teaching in the graduate program  in the centre for medieval studies. knowledge of medieval latin is essential and proficiency in a cognate germanic  language is desirable. the primary responsibility of the successful candidate will be to draft entries for the dictionary  of old english. this position offers a rare opportunity to participate in team research in the humanities, and therefore the ability to  work well with other members of the project and to complete entries efficiently and expeditiously so deadline is of  NA research in a dynamic, engaging manner is also essential. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and  experience. for further details and to apply online please visit www.uoftcareers.utoronto.ca. see job # 1400303. applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract and writing sample up to a maximum  of 20 pages. if you have questions about this position, please contact director .medieval@ utoronto .ca.............. all application  materials should be submitted online. we will begin reviewing applications on march 22, 2014 and continue  until the position is filled. submission guidelines can be found at:   into one or two files in pdf ms word format. applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the centre for medieval studies via e mail to  director .medieval@ utoronto .ca .  for more information about the centre for medieval studies or the dictionary of old english,  please visit our home  pages:   the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual  minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 march 2014 and was available online from 14 march 2014 through 25 april 2014. u of waterloo english, 