assistant professor of environmental rhetoric the university of kansas english  department invites candidates to apply for a tenure track faculty position at the assistant  professor level in environmental rhetoric. we are interested in candidates whose work focuses on contemporary  environmental discourse and rhetoric in a range of representations across media. this should include an interest in  how environmental rhetoric shapes policy and public action. a variety of possible methodological approaches would be  welcome, including, but not limited to, green cultural studies, rhetorical theory, critical theory, and critical discourse  analysis. the position is expected to begin as early as august 18, 2014. the successful candidate will be prepared to participate  and represent the concerns of his/her field in a cluster of faculty from environmental studies, geology, geography,  ecology and evolutionary biology, and law. the cluster will focus on water and related energy resources; develop  new interdisciplinary degree programs; and collaborate on major grants. in addition to this collaborative work, the  faculty member will be expected to research, write, and publish in the specialty of environmental rhetoric; develop and  teach courses in the specialty; serve on graduate student committees, direct theses and dissertations, and perform advising  NA the university of kansas is especially interested in hiring faculty members who can contribute to the climate of diversity  in the college of liberal arts and sciences, including a diversity of scholarly approaches, and four key campus  wide strategic initiatives: (1) sustaining the planet, powering the world; (2) promoting well being, finding cures;  (3) building communities, expanding opportunities; and (4) harnessing information, multiplying knowledge. for  more information see   ku is a research 1 (ru/vh) institution, the flagship of the kansas system, and a member of the aau. it is located in  lawrence, a thriving and progressive community a short drive from kansas city. qualifications:  1. ph.d. or abd in english,  NA NA 2. demonstrated preparation to teach beginning and advanced courses in specialty. 3. demonstrated ability to work in interdisciplinary and collaborative environments. 4. demonstrated potential for excellence in research, as evidenced by publication and innovative research objectives. NA search openings by key word. a complete electronic application will include a detailed c.v. and a letter of application. three external reference letters that evaluate the scholarly potential/achievement and teaching of the candidate should  be sent separately by mail to the attention of anna neill, department of english,  1445 jayhawk blvd., 3001 wescoe  hall, the university of kansas, lawrence, ks 66045 7590. e mail contact: relliott@ ku .edu. review of applications  will begin oct. 25, 2013, and will continue as long as needed to identify a qualified pool. eoe m/f/d/v [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. wichita su english, 