tenure track assistant professor of english  with a specialization in creative nonfiction beginning august 2014.  at least one creative nonfiction volume in print with a national press required. preference will be given to candidates  with demonstrated excellence in college/university level teaching introductory through graduate level writing  courses. experience with environmental writing, program administration, assessment, and literary event planning a  plus. abd considered, but terminal degree in creative writing (mfa or phd) or english  (phd) required by sept 1,  2014; alternative qualifications (i.e. multiple significant publications in the field) in lieu of a terminal degree may be  considered. typical teaching load 3/3 ranging from graduate courses to introductory/service courses. english  faculty play significant  NA learning. wcu is committed to the boyer model of scholarship, stewardship of place, and engagement. see complete  description and apply online (letter, cv, list of three references, and a creative nonfiction writing sample of no more  than 20 pages) at   materials will not be considered. review of applications continues until position is filled (pending final budgetary approval).  preference will be given to applications received by november 15. for questions contact laura wright, chair  of the english  department, at 828.227.7264. western carolina university is a 10,000 student campus in the university of north carolina system that offers 120  areas of study for undergraduates and more than 50 graduate level programs. the commission on colleges of the  southern association of colleges and schools accredits wcu to award baccalaureate, masters, education specialist,  and doctoral degrees. western carolina university is committed to the boyer model of scholarship, the stewardship  of place, integrated learning, and engagement in our classrooms and in our communities. the campus is located in  the picturesque cullowhee valley between the great smoky and blue ridge mountains, 50 miles west of asheville,  north carolina, and 150 miles northeast of atlanta. wcu is an affirmative action /equal opportunity employer  committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty,  staff, and students and to strengthening sensitivity to diversity throughout the institution. final candidates for employment  will be subject to criminal background checks. proper documentation of identity and employability are  required at the time of employment. all new employees are required to provide official transcripts within 30 days of  employment. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013.  wingate u mod langs, po box 159 wingate nc 28174