the college of arts & letters seeks faculty for our new undergraduate major in experience architecture, a program  built in collaboration with the college of engineering and anchored in the strategy, inquiry, and creative production  of interactive experience in the digital and physical world. we invite applications for a multidisciplinary team that  embraces design thinking and is dedicated to a common set of values: creativity, teamwork, participation, and inquiry. successful candidates will be committed to engaging students in real world problems within the larger cultural shift  from a consumer culture to a participatory society increasingly defined by mediated experiences. ideal candidates will  be eager to work across disciplinary boundaries to build new areas of study and contribute to new models of research,  outreach and engagement, teaching and learning. for full descriptions and to apply, go to the michigan state university job posting website   for these positions must be submitted electronically. review of applications will begin december 2013 and  continue until positions are filled. salary is competitive and commensurate with background and experience. experience architecture (posting #8590) the department of writing, rhetoric, and american cultures at michigan state university seeks a colleague in experience  architecture, interaction design, or content strategy. we are interested in scholars who engage in critical  and creative modes of inquiry, and whose teaching and research interests and experience includes one or more of the  following areas: information architecture, user experience research, interaction design, project management. industry  or consulting experience in these areas is welcomed. this is an academic year, tenure system faculty position at the  assistant professor level to begin fall 2014. writing, rhetoric, and american cultures houses programs that include first year writing, an undergraduate major  in professional writing, and a graduate program in rhetoric and writing. depending on precise area of expertise, major  teaching responsibilities may include such courses as web authoring, information/interaction design, project management,  digital rhetoric, and user experience research. faculty will have the opportunity to contribute to graduate pro  grams in the department and to college initiatives in digital humanities; other expectations include an active research  agenda leading to publication, grant activity, and contributions to outreach and engagement. qualifications: applicants should hold a phd or other terminal degree in rhetoric, writing, or a related field. graphic design: experience architecture /visual interaction design (posting #8589) the department of art, art history, and design at michigan state university seeks a colleague in graphic design:  experience architecture. we are interested in scholars who bridge the gap between research and practice, and whose  teaching and research is in one or more of the following areas: participatory design, user interface design, design  thinking, information design, systems design, social design. industry or consulting experience in these areas is welcomed.  this is an academic year, tenure system faculty position at the assistant professor level to begin fall 2014. the  position is part of a cluster hire supporting a new experience architecture bachelor of arts program in the college of  arts and letters. the successful candidate should be team oriented and committed to advancing the design discipline within experience  design practices. applicants should be passionate about creating a new generation of practitioners and demonstrate  knowledge of historical and contemporary trends in the graphic design and interaction design discipline. the  ideal candidate will bring enthusiastic willingness to work collaboratively with colleagues in the department and  college. the department of art, art history, and design (aahd) offers undergraduate degree programs in studio  art, art history and visual culture, art education, apparel and textile design, and a graduate degree program in  studio art. we seek a faculty member who has a strong commitment to teaching in our vibrant studio art program  which emphasizes a diversity of conceptual and technical practices leading to the ba, bfa, and mfa degrees. successful  candidates should possess the expertise to teach a range of courses in the graphic design area and within the  experience architecture degree, with primary responsibility for courses in design thinking, typography, interaction  design, and time based design. faculty will have the opportunity to contribute to graduate programs in the department  and to college initiatives in digital humanities; other expectations include an active research agenda leading to  publications, exhibitions, and/or commissions, as well as contributions to outreach and engagement. qualifications: applicants should hold a mfa, mgd, mdes or equivalent terminal degree and should be professionally  active designers with a record of creative achievement. expertise in digital technologies for graphic design and  interaction design is required. experience architecture: academic specialist (posting #8591) the college of arts and letters at michigan state university seeks a dynamic and creative full time, annual year,  faculty member for the new position of experience architecture specialist to begin fall 2014. the incumbent is responsible  for curriculum development, research support and teaching in the new experience architecture (xa) b.a.  program. qualifications: advanced degree in a relevant field. msu is committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. the university actively encourages applications  and/or nominations of women, persons of color, veterans and persons with disabilities. this listing was submitted to the jil on 29 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 13 december 2013. michigan su