marymount manhattan college invites applications for a full time, tenure track position in academic writing, to  begin september 2014 pending final budget approval. the academic writing program oversees the first year writing  curriculum, and the chosen candidate will have an opportunity to help shape and develop its direction. the teaching  load for this position is 21 credit hours per year. required: applicants should have a ph.d. in english,  rhetoric and composition, or a related field by the time of appointment.  applicants should also have a demonstrated record of teaching excellence, a commitment to service, and  an active research agenda. preference will be given to applicants with experience working with english  language  learners. responsibilities for this position include: designing and teaching lower level courses in the writing seminar program,  an interdisciplinary general education sequence that emphasizes academic writing and research skills; advising  first year students; working collaboratively on continuous pedagogical development and program assessment; service  to the college; and pursuit of an active research agenda. the chosen candidate may also have the opportunity to design  and teach themed first year seminars focused on new york city. located on the upper east side of manhattan, marymount manhattan college offers small class sizes, a rigorous liberal  arts curriculum, and a close knit community. applicants should submit a cover letter that includes a description of their approach to teaching first year writing,  curriculum vitae, and list of three professional references with contact information, by january 15, 2014. electronic  submission is preferred. please send to carly schneider at cschneider@ mmm .edu..................................... if materials cannot be sent electronically,  please mail to: dr. tahneer oksman, director of the academic writing program, marymount manhattan  NA writing program, please visit www .mmm .edu/ departments/ writing. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 december 2013 and was available online from 13 december 2013 through 24 january 2014. modern language association