founded in 1911, the university of hong kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence in  teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. the university  has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and about  110 sub divisions of studies and learning. there are over 27,800 undergraduate and postgraduate students coming  from 50 countries, and more than 2,000 members of academic and academic related staff, many of whom are internationally  renowned. assistant professor in african studies in the school of modern languages and cultures (ref.: 201300877) applications are invited for appointment as assistant professor in african studies in the school of modern languages  and cultures, from january 2014 or as soon as possible thereafter, on a three year fixed term basis, with the possibility  of renewal. appointees with demonstrated performance will be considered for tenure towards the end of the second  three year contract. applicants should have a ph.d. degree in a field relevant to the african studies programme at the university of hong  kong. the appointee should be a specialist in sub saharan africa, northern africa, the malagasy world or another  field of african studies. he she will be teaching and supervising at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels, and  expected to contribute to teaching in areas as diverse as african languages, african cultures and societies, african  history, politics and literature, etc. applicants should also demonstrate a capacity to develop and teach courses that  explore africa in an interdisciplinary mode and in a global context. the appointee is expected to develop a vigorous,  independent research programme, to excel in undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, and to participate in the administration  of the programme. information about the school can be obtained at   about the post should be sent to dr. kendall johnson (e mail: kjohnson@ hku .hk). a globally competitive remuneration package commensurate with the appointee's qualifications and experience will  be offered, as well as annual leave and medical benefits. at current rates, salaries tax does not exceed 15% of gross  income. the appointment will attract a contract end gratuity and university contribution to a retirement benefits  scheme, totalling up to 15% of basic salary. housing benefits will be provided as applicable. applicants should send a completed application form, a cover letter, an up to date c.v., a writing sample of scholarly  work, an abstract of dissertation or current research project, evidence of teaching ability (e.g. syllabi, student teaching  evaluations) and 3 confidential references (quoting ref.: 201300877) sent directly by the referees to smlcsena@ hku  .hk. application forms (341 1111) can be obtained at   can be obtained at   the university thanks applicants for their interests, but advises that only shortlisted applicants will be notified of the  application result. the university is an equal opportunity employer  and is committed to a no smoking policy this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 13 december 2013. u of maryland university c asia english, 