the department of english  at the university of north carolina greensboro invites applicants for a tenure track assistant  professor position in rhetoric and composition, specializing in digital rhetoric composition, to begin august 1,  2014. the successful applicant will teach courses in rhetoric and writing at the undergraduate and graduate level, will   advise undergraduates and contribute to the supervision of m.a and ph.d. students, and will pursue research related  to digital rhetoric or digital composing, broadly understood to include projects with pedagogical, historical, theoretical  or programmatic implications. approaches that contribute to the broad areas of pedagogy, theories of rhetoric, or  literacy studies are particularly welcome. we offer competitive salary, a 2 2 teaching load, and opportunities to develop research agendas, build cross disciplinary  collaborations, and teach in a department committed to equity, access and excellence. minimum qualifications: this assistant professor position requires a ph.d. candidates for whom the ph.d. has not been conferred as of  8 1 2014 will be considered for an initial appointment at the rank of non tenure track instructor. policies regarding  appointment at the instructor rank can be found at provost .uncg .edu  documents  personnel  tenure .pdf . uncg is a doctoral granting university with a professionally active english  department of 35 faculty and flourishing  NA NA we seek to attract an equally diverse applicant pool for this position including women and members of minority  groups. an eeo aa employer,  we have a strong commitment to increasing faculty diversity. the city of greensboro  offers an affordable, superior quality of life, with numerous cultural and recreational opportunities. all application materials must be electronically submitted through the uncg jobsearch site: go to   .uncg .edu  and follow the directions for "new users" at the bottom of the page. initial application should include:  letter of application, current cv, statement of teaching philosophy, unofficial transcript, and a list of three references.  letters of application should be addressed to dr. hephzibah roskelly, search chair. review of applications will begin  immediately and continue until the position is filled. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 31 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 13 december 2013. wake forest u english,  po box 7387 winston salem nc 27109