the departments of comparative literature and of english  at uc berkeley invite applications for a tenure track  position as assistant professor of comparative literature and english  effective july 1, 2014. the field is comparative  modernisms (european language traditions and english).  we welcome all critical approaches, as long as the work has  a comparative component. the successful candidate will be appointed 50% in each department, with teaching duties  split evenly between the departments, and will be a dynamic teacher of introductory and advanced undergraduate  courses as well as graduate seminars in their field and with cross disciplinary focus. the minimum qualification required  for applicants for this position is that they be in the process of writing a doctoral dissertation (or the equivalent)  at the time of application. additional qualifications are completion of the ph.d. or equivalent by july 1, 2014, a demonstrated  ability to work in one or more languages/literatures besides english,  and evidence of excellence in teaching  and research. to apply please go to the following link:   c.v., a writing sample (no more than 30 pages), and three letters of reference by november 1, 2013. all letters will be  treated as confidential per university of california policy and california state law. please refer potential referees, including  when letters are provided via a third party (i.e., dossier service or career center), to the uc berkeley statement  of confidentiality:   of california is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer, committed to excellence through diversity. we seek  candidates whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and  inclusion in higher education. we are also committed to addressing the family needs of faculty, including dual career  couples and single parents. for more information please go the calcierge web site at   this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of california, berkeley english, 