the english  department at the university of nevada, reno, invites applications for a tenure track position in rhetoric  and composition at the advanced assistant or associate level. qualifications include a phd in rhetoric and composition  (required by july 1, 2014), an established program of publication in the field, and a strong record of teaching  college writing. we are seeking a specialist in writing program administration, assessment theory and practice, and  composition pedagogy; candidates with a secondary emphasis in public engagement will be preferred. unr english  NA ranging from core writing courses to upper division seminars in the writing major, and including graduate seminars.  should the candidate hired serve a term as director of core writing, that administrative role comes with two  course releases per year and a stipend. the successful candidate will contribute to established m.a. writing and ph.d. rhetoric & composition graduate  fields as well as to a new m.a. emphasis in the rhetoric and literature of public engagement. these programs are  supported by an independent, long standing writing center and a graduate student population engaged in studies of  writing center and writing program administration. NA nevada on the eastern slope of the sierra nevada, 45 minutes from lake tahoe and four hours from the san francisco  bay area. for more information on campus life, please see www .unr .edu. the university of nevada accepts applications electronically. for the complete position announcement and to apply,  NA the search committee will review all completed applications received through november 4, 2013. inquiries regarding the position may be addressed to the search chair, lynda walsh, at lwalsh@ unr .edu or 775 682  6364. representatives from the search committee will conduct interviews at the january 2014 mla meeting in chicago. eoe aa. women and members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013.  u of nevada, reno english,  dept of english 