when you work at college of dupage, you can provide direction for students' lives as you direct your own successful  career. we strive every day to find new and better ways to prepare students to meet every challenge. as the second  largest higher education institution in illinois and the fifth largest single campus community college in the nation,  you can develop the career you've always wanted. associate dean english  and esl the associate dean is responsible for providing academic leadership, development, and maintenance of the educational  program of the disciplines within an assigned area of responsibility. the associate dean exercises the authority  delegated by the division dean for implementing and evaluating educational programs and facilities. duties: 1. promote an environment conducive to quality instruction and services. 2. interact effectively in the college environment, constantly striving to build relationships through cooperation, partnership  and collaboration. 3. provide leadership in developing goals and objectives for the developmental reading and writing programs and  first year composition, including oversight of assessment, testing and placement of students as well as articulation of  programs. 4. collaborate with faculty in the establishment of goals for professional development and evaluate full time faculty in  accordance with guidelines established in the contractual agreement. 5. coordinate activities, curriculum development and program review for all programs in the subdivision. 6. coordinate and oversee hiring of full time faculty in the subdivision. 7. provide for scheduling and staffing of all classes in the subdivision. 8. develop, plan and administer college resources in areas of assigned responsibility. 9. resolve and mediate student complaints and grade reviews. 10. finalize assignment sheets for full and part time faculty. 11. collaborate with the assistant dean in the hiring, orientation and development of part time faculty. 12. administer institutional and division policies and procedures. 13. represent the division through participation in college wide committees and initiatives. 14. other duties as assigned. job requirements education: required: master's degree in english  or in other discipline determined relevant by the dean of liberal arts. preferred: ph.d. in english.  experience: required: three years experience administering an academic discipline and three years of college level teaching  experience. preferred: five years experience administering an academic discipline and five years teaching experience at a community  college. the student population at the college is diverse in ethnicity, gender, language, age and background. college of dupage  is an aa eo employer  and strongly encourages applications from candidates who would enhance the diversity  of its faculty. to apply, please visit our website at:   the student population at the college is diverse in ethnicity, gender, language, age and background. college of dupage  is an aa eo employer  and strongly encourages applications from candidates who would enhance the diversity  of its faculty. this listing was submitted to the jil on 11 december 2013 and was available online from 13 december 2013 through 24 january 2014. columbia c, chicago english, 