modern language faculty at uw l are excited to announce a position in our tesol program. our new faculty  member will join colleagues who are committed to providing excellent instruction and teacher preparation. the area  of specialization is in tesol with emphasis in bilingualism and language education or any area related to tesol  such as esl/efl, language immersion, english  applied linguistics, or second language studies. native or near native  fluency in english  and spanish is required. the successful candidate will be able to teach courses in our tesol  and spanish curriculum and provide the leadership for our tesol program. although teaching is our primary activity,  our new colleague will join a community of scholars in areas related to language education and will participate in  service activities at departmental, college, and university levels. the department of modern languages values diversity and supports the university of wisconsin la crosse in its effort  NA review of applications will begin october 16th, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. this is a tenure track position at the assistant professor level. please note the following requirements: ph.d. in hand by start of appointment, august 25, 2014, undergraduate  teaching experience and native or near native proficiency in english  and spanish. interested candidates will provide  the following credentials: curriculum vitae, cover letter in which candidate provides a statement of his/her teaching  philosophy and research interests, and the names and contact information of three references. further documentation  may be required during later stages of the search. the university of wisconsin la crosse is an affirmative action  equal opportunity employer. employment will require a criminal background check. a pending criminal charge or conviction will not necessarily  disqualify an applicant. in compliance with the wisconsin fair employment act, uw la crosse does not discriminate  on the basis of arrest or conviction record. note: electronic submission of application materials is required. for additional information about this faculty position  and to apply, please visit   this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. u of wisconsin, madison english,  600 n park st 7187 helen c white hall madison wi 53706