st. lawrence university invites applications for a one year, full time appointment in creative non fiction. the successful  candidate will offer coursework in beginning and advanced creative non fiction writing, and in the literary  genre of creative non fiction. ability to offer coursework in screenwriting is also desirable. normal teaching load  is three courses per semester. ph.d. or m.f.a. preferred. the successful candidate will join a department with a  commitment to excellence in teaching, and to a program founded upon the essential relationship between creative  expression and the study of literature. we welcome applications from candidates who bring diverse cultural, ethnic,  theoretical, and national perspectives to bear on their writing and teaching. position begins august 2014. the university seeks excellence through diversity among its administrators, faculty, staff and students and prohibits  discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or  expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. applications by members of all underrepresented groups are  encouraged. please submit through interfolio a letter of application, a cv, and sample syllabi for two relevant courses  to creative non fiction search committee, department of english,  richardson hall, st. lawrence university, canton,  ny 13617. review of applications will begin on november 15, 2013, and will continue until the position is  filled. located in canton, n.y., st. lawrence university is a coeducational, private, independent liberal arts institution of  about 2,400 students. the educational opportunities at st. lawrence inspire students and prepare them to be critical  and creative thinkers, to find a compass for their lives and careers, and to pursue knowledge and understanding for the  benefit of themselves, humanity and the planet. through its focus on active engagement with ideas in and beyond the  classroom, a st. lawrence education leads students to make connections that transform lives and communities, from  NA .stlawu .edu. slu is an affirmative action equal employment opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013. saint lawrence u english,  23 romoda dr canton ny 13617   viebranz visiting professor of creative writing 19326   fiction or creative non fiction writers with significant publications and teaching experience are invited to apply for  NA teaching experience in a second genre would be preferable. the individual hired will teach two genre specific courses  each semester, at the beginning and advanced level, and be an active participant in the english  department. departmental  activities will include giving a reading as part of the st. lawrence university writers series; serving as a reader  on a senior honors thesis, and possibly directing a senior independent project; and leading occasional workshops for  senior writing majors, or giving a craft talk on writing. evidence will be sought of a proven record of innovative pedagogy  in creative writing and an enthusiasm for teaching; minimum two years of undergraduate teaching experience. m.f.a. or ph.d. in creative writing, with at least two books and significant additional publications, are required. we  encourage applications from candidates who bring diverse cultural, ethnic, and national perspectives to bear on their  writing and teaching. the successful candidate will join a department with a curricular commitment to teaching the  mutuality of the study of literature and the practice of creative expression. salary commensurate with experience. a  fully furnished house is provided as part of the compensation package. please submit through interfolio a detailed letter of application, c v emphasizing publications and relevant teaching  experience, e mail address, sample syllabi and writing exercises, to dr. sarah gates, viebranz search committee, department  of english,  st. lawrence university, canton, ny 13617. review of applications will begin on october 31,   2013. finalists will be asked to submit a writing sample and three letters of recommendation attesting to teaching  experience. located in canton, n.y., st. lawrence university is a coeducational, private, independent liberal arts institution of  about 2,400 students. the educational opportunities at st. lawrence inspire students and prepare them to be critical  and creative thinkers, to find a compass for their lives and careers, and to pursue knowledge and understanding for the  benefit of themselves, humanity and the planet. through its focus on active engagement with ideas in and beyond the  classroom, a st. lawrence education leads students to make connections that transform lives and communities, from  NA .stlawu .edu. slu is an affirmative action equal employment opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 3 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. saint lawrence u english, 