tenure track assistant professor of english  with a specialization in global literature beginning august 2014. the english  department at western carolina university seeks a tenure track assistant professor to teach undergraduate and  NA areas: asian, middle eastern, latin american, and or european literatures. please specify theoretical perspectives,  e.g. transnational, diaspora, cultural, etc. primary responsibilities include teaching at the undergraduate and graduate  level, academic advising, scholarly and professional activities, and institutional service. contribution to other areas of  our curriculum, particularly liberal studies courses, is essential. abd considered with completion required by sept 1,  2014 but ph.d. preferred. typical teaching load is 3 3, ranging from graduate courses to introductory service courses. english  faculty play a significant  NA  learning. wcu is committed to the boyer model of scholarship, stewardship of place, and engagement. see complete  description and apply online (letter, cv, list of three references, and a writing sample of no more than 20 pages) at    be considered. preference will be given to applications received by november 15. for questions contact laura wright,  chair of the english  department, at 828.227.7264. western carolina university is a 10,000 student campus in the university of north carolina system that offers 120  areas of study for undergraduates and more than 50 graduate level programs. the commission on colleges of the  southern association of colleges and schools accredits wcu to award baccalaureate, masters, education specialist,  and doctoral degrees. western carolina university is committed to the boyer model of scholarship, the stewardship  of place, integrated learning, and engagement in our classrooms and in our communities. the campus is located in  the picturesque cullowhee valley between the great smoky and blue ridge mountains, 50 miles west of asheville,  north carolina, and 150 miles northeast of atlanta. wcu is an affirmative action  equal opportunity employer  committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty,  staff, and students and to strengthening sensitivity to diversity throughout the institution. final candidates for employment  will be subject to criminal background checks. proper documentation of identity and employability are  required at the time of employment. all new employees are required to provide official transcripts within 30 days of  employment. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013. western carolina u english,  coulter 305 cullowhee nc 28723