the department of english  at northern michigan university invites applications for a tenure track position in print  journalism with an emphasis in story telling across multi media platforms. responsibilities include a 3/3 teaching load  in journalism and other departmental offerings as needed. the successful candidate will teach courses in the english  NA as the new interdisciplinary multimedia journalism major. teaching responsibilities include undergraduate classes in  newswriting and reporting, advanced news writing, feature and magazine writing, print layout and design, and new  courses to be developed within the multimedia major. successful candidates should have a professional background in journalism and strong research skills. excellence in  teaching and mentoring students is expected. this position provides a competitive salary and excellent benefits. required qualifications: ma in communication, journalism, or a related field (ph.d. preferred) and a record of publication  in the journalism field. college or university teaching experience, demonstrated commitment to professional/ scholarly/creative engagement and service, ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing, and good interpersonal  skills. additional desirable qualifications include ability to teach journalism practicum and advise the student newspaper as  it moves toward more web based, multi platform story telling models. knowledge of the principles and methods of  course development and instruction, the ability to assess outcomes, and the ability to meet the demands of the position  in an effective and efficient manner. northern michigan university, with 8,900 students and 180 degree programs, is located along the shore of lake superior  in the vibrant, historic city of marquette, consistently named a top spot in the nation to raise a family, vacation,  and enjoy an excellent quality of life. see more at www .nmu .edu/ marquette. to apply for this position, please submit the nmu faculty profile; cover letter; curriculum vita; unofficial transcripts;  and the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three references to   be posted until march 6, 2014. nmu is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer  of protected veterans and individuals with disabilities, and  is strongly committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 february 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 21 march 2014. northern michigan u english,  1401 presque isle av marquette mi 49855