applications are invited for a tenure track position in writing studies at the rank of assistant professor. we are looking  for a colleague with general expertise in rhetoric, writing studies, and composition theory and pedagogy. specific  expertise in intercultural communication and global english,  technical communication design and practice, or  multimodal rhetoric would be a significant asset. applicants for this position should have a record of strong research  achievement commensurate with their experience and a strong teaching record; a proven history of securing external  research funding will be considered an asset. our multi disciplinary department offers undergraduate programs  in literature, literature and rhetoric, and rhetoric and professional writing, and undergraduate specializations in  english  literature in a global context and in digital media studies. we offer ma programs in literary studies,  rhetoric and communication design, and experimental digital media, and a unique phd program which integrates  literary studies with fields of media theory and design, composition, rhetoric, and discourse and text analysis. since  the department enjoys an integrated research culture, competence in an additional research and teaching area, such  as critical theory, semiotics, linguistics, digital humanities, or a field of literary study, is also welcome. the successful  candidate will be offered a wide range of teaching, from first year undergraduate courses through graduate teaching  and the supervision of doctoral students. the current teaching load is 2 + 2, which normally includes one graduate  course. an appointment date of 1 july 2014 is preferred. consideration of applications will begin on 24 january 2014 and  continue until the position is filled. on campus interviews are likely to be scheduled for early february. application  materials should be submitted online as pdf files through interfolio. please include a letter of application, curriculum  vitae, and a writing sample and or link to an e portfolio, and arrange for three letters of reference to be uploaded (addressed  to dr. fraser easton, chair, department of english  language and literature, university of waterloo). more  information about the department is available at   the department chair, fraser easton, at 519 888 4567, ext. 33359 (englishchair@ uwaterloo .ca........................). all qualified candidates  are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. the university of  waterloo encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible minorities, native  peoples and persons with disabilities. this appointment is subject to the availability of funds. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 january 2014 and was available online from 3 january 2014 through 14 february 2014. u of waterloo english, 