located in the philadelphia suburbs, penn state abington seeks an assistant professor of rhetoric and composition  who will also serve as coordinator of the composition program, which entails hiring adjunct composition and writing faculty supervising composition and writing faculty leading curriculum development activities for composition and writing courses leading assessment activities for composition and writing courses scheduling of developmental and first year composition courses, intermediate and advanced composition courses, and  writing courses associated with a planned writing minor serving as lead advisor for the publishing emphasis in the english  major, the technical and business writing certificate,  and the writing minor when instituted coordinating placement and scheduling of incoming first year students as part of new student orientation serving as a resource person for all college faculty in matters of writing across the curriculum working closely with the division head for arts and humanities, the esl coordinator, and the abington coordinator  of global programs. this is a 42 week appointment. qualifications: a phd in rhetoric and composition or a closely related area, demonstrated success as a researcher, a  robust research agenda, and teaching experience in composition and writing at several levels. experience coordinating  a composition program or supervising other composition or writing faculty is strongly preferred. starting date: august 1, 2014. email as attachments an application letter, current cv, and the names and contact information for three professional  references to dr. thomas r. smith, head, division of arts and humanities (trs8@ psu .edu). review of applications  NA march. employment will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with university policies. penn state is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 february 2014 and was available online from 21 february 2014 through 4 april 2014. penn state u, erie, behrend c