college of liberal arts position description the university of texas at el paso (utep) department of english  seeks an advanced  assistant or associate professor, tenure-track, beginning september 1, 2014, to direct the undergraduate writing component  NA include first-year composition, technical writing, workplace writing, and advanced composition, as well as an undergraduate  minor in rhetoric and writing studies. the successful candidate will be charged with curriculum development,  program assessment, preparation of instructors and graduate students, and grant writing, among other duties.  NA composition program received the conference on college composition and communication (cccc) certificate of  excellence in 2012. required qualifications: ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or rhetoric and writing studies or closely  related field in hand by september 1, 2014, and a strong record of publication. expertise in developing an innovative  and technologically enhanced program is especially desired. experience as a writing program administrator is highly  desired. a specialty in cultural rhetorics, technical communication, new media studies, digital literacies, second language  writing, or community engagement is desired. about utep & el paso: the university of texas at el paso is an emerging national research university at the  heart of the u.s.-mexico border region committed to the ideals of access and excellence. a leader among hispanic- serving institutions, utep enrolls over 23,000 students, about 77 percent of them hispanic, and is the only doctoral  research university in the nation with a majority mexican-american student body. utep has been ranked first in the  nation by washington monthly for fostering social mobility. NA NA its $40 million in federal research spending ranks fourth among all texas public universities. utep is currently  undergoing a transformation, which includes $300 million in recent building expansions, renovations, and infrastructure  improvements.  the center for intellectual capital in the region, utep recently awarded its 110,000th degree since its founding in  1914. a major economic engine in the paso del norte region, utep generates $369 million in local business volume  and contributes over 7,050 jobs and contributing $452 million in household income. utep offers exciting programs  that are open to the public, including division i athletics; award-winning theater, dance, and music; the internationally  acclaimed stanlee and gerald rubin center for the visual arts; the centennial museum and desert gardens; and  continuing and lifelong education opportunities. el paso county is a highly livable, bi-cultural community of 800,000 people, which offers affordable homes and attractive  neighborhoods. it is the safest large city of its size in the united states. shielded by mountains on three sides,  el paso experiences more than 300 days of sunshine annually and a dry climate, making it possible to enjoy outdoor  activities year round. the city of el paso is adjacent to both the state of new mexico and the country of mexico,  NA miles, making it the sixth largest city in texas, and 19th largest city in the united states. NA chamber music festival, art galleries, history museums, and a full schedule of seasonal festivals and events. application procedure:review of applications will begin november 1, 2013, and continue until the position  is filled. submit letter of application, cv, and writing sample, through interfolio or by email, to dr. kate mangelsdorf,  director of rhetoric and writing studies, at kmangels@ utep .edu. the university of texas at el paso is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the university does not  discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status,  or sexual orientation in employment or the provision of services. this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. u of texas, san antonio english,  one utsa cir 00743-ut san antonio dept of english  mb san antonio tx 78249