the department of english  at stephen f. austin state university seeks an assistant professor of rhetoric and composition  to serve as writing program administrator. minimum qualifications are: a ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or  in english  with a rhetoric and composition specialty (with degree in hand by the time of appointment); a successful  track record in teaching composition and composition theory; and an interest or experience in directing a composition  program. this position includes administration of sfa's lower division writing program; curriculum development;  rhetoric and composition research; and a reduced teaching load. the wpa assists the chair in the supervision  of lecturers, adjuncts, and graduate teaching assistants; serves as a community liaison to writing teachers across the  east texas region; keeps the department current in trends and best practices in composition pedagogy; and engages  in grant related activities to foster vertical career paths and professional development for writing majors and writing  teachers in our area. with a reduced teaching load, instruction will include lower and upper level courses in rhetoric  and composition, graduate courses in rhetoric and composition theory and pedagogy, and courses in the specialty area.  candidates should have a record of scholarship and publication in rhetoric and composition theory and or pedagogy.  experience in integrating the following into composition curriculum is also desirable: basic writing instruction, new  media and technical writing. additional summer employment possible. sfa is a comprehensive university with an enrollment of more than 12,000 students, located in the east texas piney  woods. candidates must apply via the sfa online application system. please submit letter of application and cv at:  NA composition pedagogy or research, and three current letters of recommendation directly to dr. mark sanders, chair,  department of english,  stephen f. austin state university, p.o. box 13007, sfa station, nacogdoches, tx 75962  3007. review of applications begins nov. 15, 2013; position open until filled. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. tarrant county college district english,  1500 houston street fort worth tx 76102