job id: 9296 location: baruch college full/part time: full time regular/temporary: regular closing date: november 15, 2013 campus specific information: the department of english  at baruch college, the city university of new york is seeking a director for its writing  program. the rank is open and the position will either be tenure track or tenured depending on the experience and  qualifications of the candidate. responsibilities include coordinating the college's writing program and developing the  curriculum; responding to the needs of a diverse student population of more than 1600 first year writers per semester;  hiring and supervising adjunct faculty; supporting faculty members teaching in the writing program and developing  workshops and seminars; teaching undergraduate courses in writing and graduate courses in composition pedagogy  and theory, as well as electives in the candidate's field of expertise; planning events with other centers and programs to   foster a culture of writing; and managing ongoing assessment of the writing program. we seek an advocate for students  who will promote the advancement of writing and undergraduate learning across the college. significant reduction  in teaching load for administrative duties. qualifications: ph.d. degree in composition and rhetoric or a related field. also required are the ability to teach successfully, demonstrated  scholarship or achievement, and ability to cooperate with others for the good of the institution. the successful  candidate must have completed the ph.d. no later than august 2014. compensation: cuny offers faculty a competitive compensation and benefits package covering health insurance, pension and retirement  benefits, paid parental leave, and savings programs. we also provide mentoring and support for research, scholarship,  and publication as part of our commitment to ongoing faculty professional development. how to apply: candidates should send a letter of application; curriculum vitae; an article length writing sample; evidence of effective  and innovative teaching; and three letters of recommendation by e mail to: english .searchwd@ baruch .cuny .edu  or  or by mail to: search committee chair, writing director department of english NA 55 lexington avenue new york, ny 10010 application materials must be received by november 15, 2013; interviews will be held at the mla convention in  chicago. equal employment opportunity: we are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities,  minorities, veterans, and women to apply. we take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence  through diversity and inclusion. eo/aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 19 december 2013. baruch c, cuny english,  1 bernard baruch way new york ny 10010