department of english  (mc 162)  university of illinois at chicago 601 south morgan street chicago, il 60607 7120 full or senior associate professor, in any field of british, american or transatlantic and world literatures, early modern  to modern. beginning fall 2014. candidates for the position must have a substantial record of scholarly achievement  and be committed to taking an active role in the intellectual life of the english  department. candidates will also  be expected to contribute to broader discussions throughout the university. applicants with interests in queer theory,  gender studies, critical race theory, media and digital studies are especially encouraged to apply, but candidates in all  fields will be considered. faculty in the department of english  at the university of illinois at chicago have a 2/2  teaching load and are expected to teach undergraduate and graduate classes; maintain an active research agenda; advise  students at the graduate level; and provide service as appropriate to the department, the university, and the profession. applications from women and minorities are encouraged. the university of illinois is an affirmative action/equal  opportunity employer.  for fullest consideration, please complete an application and upload letter of application, cv,  and three letters of recommendation to our online job site at   "find jobs"; in keywords, type "early modern to modern"; click on the job title, then click on "apply now," and  create an account. letters of application should include a description of past and current research. all inquiries should  be addressed to lisa a. freeman, associate head and search chair, lfreeman@ uic .edu. review of applications will  begin immediately and continue through november 11, 2013 or until position is filled. final authorization of the position  is subject to availability of state funding. this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of illinois, springfield english,  msuhb 3050 1 university plz springfield il 62703