 the department of english  at concordia university in montreal, quebec, invites applications for a tier ii canada  research chair (crc) in poetics. we are seeking an outstanding researcher who will play a pivotal leadership role in cultivating interdisciplinary research  in the areas of literature, media, philosophy, art history and the sciences, and stimulate investigations of innovative  forms of poetic production and new ways of experiencing texts. NA streams, and will enhance the long term research agenda that explores the intersection of literature and media with  culture at large. candidates should have a doctorate in literary studies or a cognate field, an exemplary record of  scholarship and graduate supervision and an established research agenda that explores how the profound changes in  communication technologies have reshaped both the practice of poetry and poetics as a discipline. potential research  areas include: digital media and digital humanities; media poetics; the poetics of science and technology; ethnopoetics;  ecopoetics; urban poetics; feminist poetics; queer poetics; and philosophy and aesthetics. tier ii crcs are awarded for five years and are renewable once. these positions offer an attractive salary, an annual  research stipend, reduced teaching loads, and the opportunity to apply for start up infrastructure through the canada  foundation for innovation (cfi) leaders opportunity fund (lof). applications must consist of a cover letter, a current curriculum vitae, copies of recent publications, a statement outlining  domains of expertise for academic supervision, a statement of teaching philosophy/interests, a statement of  research achievements, a detailed five year research plan appropriate to the goals and objectives of the crc program,  and evidence of teaching effectiveness. candidates must also arrange to have three letters of reference, sent directly to: dr. jill didur chair, department of english concordia university 1455 de maisonneuve blvd. w. montreal, quebec h3g 1m8 chair .engl .fas@concordia.ca   the successful candidate for the crc position in poetics will, in the first instance, be offered an unconditional  tenure track appointment at the rank of assistant or associate professor, as appropriate. the candidate will work with  the department and the university to prepare the formal crc nomination according to the crc program guidelines.  the university will submit the nomination to the crc secretariat at the earliest opportunity. this position has an anticipated start date of august 1, 2014. review of applications will begin immediately and will  continue until the position is filled. all applications should reach the department no later than november 1, 2013. all  inquiries about the position should be directed to chair .engl .fas@concordia.ca. for additional information, please visit  our website at   all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadian citizens and permanent residents of canada  will be given priority. concordia university is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from  women, aboriginal peoples, visible minorities and persons with disabilities. this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. grant macewan u english,  NA