the english  NA liberal arts college, seeks candidates for a tenure track appointment in digital journalism and creative non fiction, to  begin september 1, 2014. the successful candidate will provide leadership for a digital media curriculum that emphasizes exceptional writing.  the position will include advising the student newspaper, the beacon, and its related website, as well as coursework  in general education, including composition. the position requires a demonstrated commitment to excellent teaching  and working with students in electronic and face to face modalities. the successful candidate can expect to help  develop new approaches to media and digital journalism for our curriculum, help build online communities, and engender  community participation. the ideal candidate will have both academic and practical background and be prepared to offer courses in at least two  of the following areas: newswriting, scriptwriting, or magazine writing. readiness to teach courses in the literature of  journalism is desirable. preference will be given to candidates with expertise in on line journalism, digital technologies, social media, and visual  culture; experience in communication design for multiple platforms; and who are conversant with cultural studies  methods for both instruction and scholarship. the position is contingent on final budgetary approval.  qualifications: candidates must hold an earned ph.d. or m.f.a. (60 credit hours) in an appropriate field. candidates  who are abd with a firm date of completion will be considered. preference will be given to candidates with at least three years of successful teaching experience at the college level,  professional experience in journalism including digital journalism, demonstrated interest in ongoing professional development,  and experience with instructional technology. review of applications will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. initial interviews will be conducted at the mla conference in chicago in january 2014. massachusetts college of liberal arts is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination and affirmative action in its educational  programs, activities and employment practices. the college complies with all federal, state, and local laws  and regulations advancing equal employment. applicants who will enrich the diversity of the campus community are  strongly encouraged to apply. visit www .mcla .edu. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 31 january 2014. massaschusetts inst of tech