NA 2014. a phd and an extensive record of publication, research activity and leadership are expected. we encourage applicants from a wide array of disciplinary backgrounds. the successful candidate will teach and guide  NA media forms. expertise in the cultural and social implications of established media forms (film, television, audio and  visual cultures, or print) is as important as scholarship in one or more emerging areas such as media industries and  production practices, games, social media, new media literacies, software studies, and transmedia storytelling. the position involves teaching graduate and undergraduate courses, developing and guiding collaborative research  activities, and participating in the intellectual and creative leadership of the program and the institute. candidates  should demonstrate a record of effective teaching and thesis supervision, significant research/creative activity, relevant  administrative experience, and international recognition. cms offers sb and sm programs and maintains a full roster of research initiatives and outreach activities [ see   NA schools, and between mit and the larger media landscape. mit is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. applications consisting of a curriculum vita, a statement of teaching philosophy and experience, a statement of current  and future research plans, selected major publications, work samples, and names of at least three suggested references  should be submitted online by november 1, 2013 at the following link:   questions should be directed to the search committee chair, professor william uricchio, at uricchio@ mit .edu. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 november  2013. merrimack c english,  315 turnpike st north andover ma 01845   assistant professor of contemporary literataure 20787   founded in 1947 by the order of st. augustine, merrimack college is a private, selective college located just minutes  from boston in north andover, massachusetts. overview: the department of english  seeks a one year, full time, replacement position at the rank of assistant professor  in contemporary literature with a secondary specialization in film studies, including film history, theory, and  criticism. the successful candidate will be expected to teach courses in contemporary literature and film as well as  first year composition. teaching load is three courses per semester.  qualifications: we seek an experienced teacher and scholar with a ph.d. in contemporary literature in hand. to apply: please send letter of application, three letters of recommendation, and curriculum vitae to steven scherwatzky,  chair, english  department, merrimack college, 315 turnpike street, north andover, ma 01845. review  of applications will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. merrimack college is an equal opportunity employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 february 2014 and was available online from 21 february 2014 through 18 april 2014. salem su english, 