michigan state university seeks a dynamic leader with significant museum experience to serve as director of its  NA msu museum <museum.msu.edu> serves university and world wide academic communities, scholars and public  audiences through collections, research, exhibitions, public programs and services. msu itself began as a bold experiment  that democratized higher education and helped bring science and innovation into everyday life. today, msu is  one of the top research universities in the world and the museum reflects its broad, multi disciplinary scope and commitment  to excellence. NA management and fiscal direction, and balance the unique needs and interests of multiple constituencies. the new  director will obtain extramural funding, and strengthen university investment in support of scholarship, technology,  education, exhibition and distance learning activities of the museum. the new director will enhance collaborations   among the msu museum, other academic units and other organizations where they intersect with teaching, research,  exhibits, and public programs. the msu museum has significant science and culture collections that include approximately one million specimens  and objects in anthropology, natural science, folk arts and history.it is comprised of 30 full and part time administrative,  faculty, curatorial and support staff. the public museum building contains exhibits, natural science collections,  and office space. additional science and culture collections are housed in three other campus buildings. the  collections are accessible through multiple national electronic databases. the staff members are engaged in exhibition  development, including a traveling exhibition service. they are involved locally, nationally and internationally in research,  scholarship, the development of collections and electronic access to collections data. staff members also work  with diverse communities in research and programming. the msu museum is a smithsonian affiliate, a cites registered  institution, and a partner with the michigan council of arts and cultural affairs in select statewide programs. the msu museum is administered by the office of the provost; the director reports to the associate provost for  university outreach and engagement. msu colleges of arts and letters, social science, natural science, education  and agriculture and natural resources/extension provide funding and staff to the museum. the museum cultivates  and maintains interdisciplinary linkages across campus, particularly in college based programs in the sciences, arts and  humanities, and international studies. the ideal candidate will have:  an innovative vision for a multidisciplinary university museum that bridges the two cultures  extensive executive leadership experience in a museum  a proven record of sound administrative and fiscal management, and experience with accreditation and/or best practices  in professional museum standards  demonstrated success in extramural grants, fundraising and growing membership base  evidence of successful collaboration with diverse stake holders  a doctoral degree in a discipline related and complementary to the work and collections of the museum  a significant record of scholarship and research sufficient to be tenured at michigan state university for inquiries and additional information, contact the chair of the search committee, professor robert pennock at  pennock5@ msu .edu. position is open until filled. review of applications will begin on jan 17, 2014. to apply, please submit a cover letter  of interest, a full curriculum vitae, contact information for three references, and three representative scholarly publications  through the msu compass application system located at   michigan state university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  applications from women and  members of minorities are strongly encouraged. persons with disabilities have the right to request and receive reasonable  accommodation. apply here:   this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 november 2013 and was available online from 27 november 2013 through 8 january 2014. michigan su