  the department of english  at wichita state university is now accepting applications for a tenure track assistant professorship  in rhetoric and composition, beginning in fall 2014. requirements include: ph.d. by july 1, 2014; demonstrable strength in advanced composition, rhetoric, and pedagogy;  a record of successful teaching with a diverse student body; experience and or interest in online delivery; strong  evidence of scholarly promise. willingness to accommodate a variety of teaching styles and strategies in instructional   delivery and learning activities, including online and blended learning, flexible teaching methods, and applied learning  approaches a must. publications in area of specialization are preferred, as well as secondary competence in business  and or technical writing, science writing, esl, or related field. wichita state university is a rapidly growing school with a solid foundation and tremendous opportunities. all faculty  teach introductory courses as needs arise. course load is 3 3, and will include both graduate and undergraduate  offerings, and the direction of m.a. theses. salary is competitive and wichita state university is an affirmative action  equal opportunity employer. position is open until filled, but preference will be given to applications received by february 28, 2014. candidates  should submit a cover letter and cv online at   address below. questions about the status of this search may be directed to: christopher brooks (chris .brooks@ wichita .edu) chair, search committee department of english wichita state university wichita, ks 67260 0014 interviews will be conducted at the cccc convention in indianapolis in march 2014. offers of employment are  contingent upon completion of a satisfactory criminal background check as required by kansas board of regents  policy. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 february 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 21 march 2014. kentucky centre c spanish, 600 w walnut st danville ky 40422   visiting assistant professor of english  20747   centre college invites applications for a one year full time visiting assistant professor of english,  beginning august  2014. the successful candidate will hold a ph. d. and specialize in early english  literature, shakespeare, or  seventeenth century  literature. in lieu of first year composition duties, teaching responsibilities include an interdisciplinary  humanities sequence for first year students. candidates must demonstrate a strong commitment to teaching in  a student centered environment. NA programs and is ranked among the top fifty national liberal arts colleges by u.s. news &amp; world report.  classes are small and academic standards are high. centre graduates enjoy extraordinary success, with entrance to top  graduate and professional schools, prestigious fellowships for further study abroad, and rewarding jobs. the college  is located in danville, kentucky, a town of 18,000 recognized for its high quality of life. it is within easy driving distance  of lexington, louisville, and cincinnati. centre college is committed to an environment that welcomes and  supports diversity. centre strives to create an environment where differences are celebrated rather than discouraged,  where the individuals have the opportunity to exchange ideas and share in the richness of mutual experiences. please  view the statement of community. for information concerning the college, visit our web site at www.centre.edu. to apply, please submit letter of application, three confidential letters of recommendation, cv, and transcripts electronically  through   open until filled. centre college is an equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 14 february 2014 and was available online from 20 february 2014 through 17 april 2014. murray su english 