the department of comparative literature is seeking a full time, tenure track assistant professor in cinema and  media studies, whose research and teaching engage the humanities in the digital era: its theory, culture, politics,  modes of distribution and consumption, or historicity. because cinema and media studies is a program of the department  of comparative literature, we are especially interested in candidates whose work bridges disciplinary boundaries  and has international breadth. applicants should demonstrate a strong facility in theoretical, historical, textual, and or ethnographic methodologies.  as a public institution, the university of washington seeks candidates committed to working with diverse student and  community populations; applicants are encouraged to describe in their applications how their scholarship and teaching  contributes to diverse communities. the successful candidate will demonstrate the potential for excellence in research   and in teaching, in graduate seminars, undergraduate courses, and introductory large lecture classes. s he will also be  prepared to participate fully in departmental committees, advising and governance. the appointment will begin in september 2014, and we expect phd in hand by that date. the search is open to candidates  who have a phd in a range of fields, including film studies, media studies, and the digital humanities. please submit a letter of application, your curriculum vitae, three to five letters of recommendation, a statement of  your research goals, and a writing sample: either a published journal article or book chapter, or the prospectus and a  chapter from your dissertation. preference will be given to letters received by november 1. review of applications will continue until the position is  filled. the university of washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  the university is dedicated to  the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a multicultural  environment and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities,  and covered veterans. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. u of washington comp lit, po box 354338 seattle wa 98195   lecturer in cinema and media studies 19941   the department of comparative literature is seeking a full time lecturer in cinema and media studies to begin in  september 2014. the initial appointment will be for three years, and may be renewable. the appointment is intended for a candidate whose teaching experience demonstrates an ability to engage productively  with a range of topics, historical and theoretical, in cinema and media, especially those which examine minority  ethnic, racial, and gender issues in cinema. we are also interested in candidates with demonstrated competence in  working with films produced in languages other than english. applicants should have an advanced degree in film cinema studies (phd, or foreign equivalent, preferred) and demonstrate  established credentials as an instructor in introductory and upper division college level courses. a full time lecturer will be expected to offer two courses during each of the three quarters of the academic year. as a public institution, the university of washington seeks candidates committed to working with diverse student  and community populations (american and international); applicants are encouraged to describe in their applications  how their teaching engages students from diverse communities. university of washington faculty engage in teaching,  scholarship and service. the successful candidate will demonstrate the potential for continued excellence in teaching undergraduate courses,  including introductory large lecture classes. s he will also be prepared to participate fully in departmental committees,  advising and governance. please submit a letter of application, a current curriculum vitae, three to five letters of recommendation, a statement  of teaching methods and expectations, and a teaching portfolio containing descriptions of courses you have already  taught and would be interested in teaching. preference will be given to letters received by november 1. review of applications will continue until the position is  filled. the university of washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  the university is dedicated to  the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a multicultural  environment and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities,  and covered veterans. to apply for this position go to the following url: apply .interfolio .com  23234 this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013.  u of washington, tacoma