southeastern oklahoma state university invites applications for a tenure-track writing specialist at the rank of assistant  professor in the department of english,  humanities, and languages. the writing specialist will teach courses in  technical and professional writing and develop courses in creative nonfiction and/or new media. ph.d. in english  or related field, or mfa with teaching and work/publishing experience required. abd will be considered. southeastern oklahoma state university, founded in 1909, with a student enrollment of approximately 4200, is located  in durant, oklahoma, 80 miles north of dallas, texas, and 150 southeast of oklahoma city. additional duties regarding safety: 1. works safely, attends safety training offered/required, and follows appropriate safety rules and regulations. 2. in relation to level of nims training completed, participates in incident management preparation and performs  incident duties as assigned. position begins august 2014. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. candidate must be  eligible to work in the u.s. employment is contingent upon the results of a national criminal and sex offender background  check. prior to receiving a letter of appointment, the successful candidate must submit official transcripts to  the office of academic affairs. review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.  please submit a letter of interest, current curriculum vitae, a brief statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters  of recommendations to: office of diversity, equity and compliance southeastern oklahoma state university 1405 n. 4th avenue pmb 2750 durant, ok 74701-0609 questions regarding the position or application process should be directed to professor randy prus, department chair,  at rprus@ se .edu. southeastern is an aa/eeo employer  committed to multicultural diversity. www .se .edu se participates in e-verify. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 february 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 2 may 2014. southwestern oklahoma su lang & lit, 100 campus dr weatherford ok 73096