founded in 1911, the university of hong kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence in  teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. the university  has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and over 140  academic departments and institutes centres. there are over 27,800 undergraduate and postgraduate students coming  from 50 countries, and more than 2,000 members of academic and academic related staff, many of whom are internationally  renowned. faculty of arts the faculty of arts is one of the flagship faculties of the university of hong kong and is ranked no. 1 in asia in arts  NA students and 230 full time academic and academic related staff, the faculty comprises four schools and two centres:  school of chinese, school of english,  school of humanities, school of modern languages and cultures, centre for  applied english  NA website at   the role  the dean will provide academic and strategic leadership within the faculty, with a view to further strengthening its  position as one of the leading arts faculties internationally. he she will also be responsible for enhancing the close  ties that exist with other academic and professional organizations outside the university, locally, regionally and internationally.  the position carries the status and title of professor and the appointment will be for a term of five years,  subject to renewal for longer terms. qualifications and qualities NA and teaching NA NA NA NA application and nomination the university of hong kong invites applications and nominations for appointment as dean of the faculty of arts.  interested persons are invited to submit their materials by email to the address below on or before 28 february 2014. heidrick and struggles suite 1408 two pacific place, 88 queensway, hong kong phone: +852 2103 9347 email: hkudeanarts@ heidrick .com this listing was submitted to the jil on 11 december 2013 and was available online from 13 december 2013 through 7 february 2014. u of hong kong