the department of english  language and literature at eastern michigan university (emu) invites applications for  a tenure track assistant professor position in creative writing. the creative writing program emphasizes interdisciplinarity  and includes both undergraduate and ma studies. we are seeking a literary writer who works in new media  and or digital arts and is capable of teaching courses that address contemporary aesthetic practices engaged with digital  environments in multi discipline contexts. candidates must hold a graduate degree, and demonstrate a significant  publication record, evidence of excellence in teaching, and promise of continuing literary engagement. teaching load  is three courses per semester, with possible course reductions. the department is searching for someone who demonstrates collegiality among faculty, support staff, and students  and who works well within a climate of shared governance. the successful candidate will demonstrate a commitment  to teaching; facilitate and value student development; generate both literary and scholarly work; and participate in  professional and community organizations. known for its congenial and collaborative english  department, emu is located in the ann arbor detroit area. the  school is a culturally diverse learning and teaching community set in a small city environment, amidst a major metropolitan  area, that attracts students from metro detroit, across the state, nationally, and internationally. internal grant  opportunities are available. NA as a part of the application, all applicants must provide a cover letter and cv. additional materials only upon request.  questions about this position may be sent to the chair of the search committee, rhalpern@ emich .edu. screening of  candidates will begin on october 25, with priority given to applications received by that date. interviews will be conducted  at the mla convention in chicago in 2014. eastern michigan university is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer  that is strongly committed to  achieving excellence through cultural diversity. this listing was submitted to the jil on 23 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013.  grand valley su