the department of english  at auburn university invites applications for a tenure-track position as assistant professor  in rhetoric and composition to begin fall semester 2014. women and minorities are encouraged to apply. NA NA NA faculty would be working with us to focus and invigorate our first-year composition courses, as well as to enrich  our offerings in the undergraduate professional and public writing major and at the graduate level. required qualifications include a phd in rhetoric and composition, english,  or a closely allied area by the august  16, 2014, starting date; a strong research and teaching specialization and academic background in rhetoric and  composition studies; evidence of successful teaching experience at the college or university level; evidence of potential  for excellence in teaching in undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition; significant potential  for successful research, publication, and other scholarly/professional activities; interest in teaching core curriculum  courses in first-year composition; and strong potential as a colleague taking part in the life and work of a unified  department of english  studies (including undergraduate majors in creative writing, literature, and professional writing,  and graduate concentrations in creative writing, literature, and rhetoric and composition, as well as a dedicated  graduate program in technical and professional communication). the candidate selected for this position must be able  to meet eligibility requirements to work in the united states at the time the appointment is scheduled to begin and  continue working legally for the proposed term of employment; excellent communication skills required. desired qualifications include research and teaching interests in cultural rhetorics and/or african american rhetorics;  strong knowledge of rhetorical theory/history and contemporary composition pedagogy; demonstrated strengths in  interdisciplinary work and/or civic engagement; demonstrated commitments to collaborative teaching, scholarship,  and service. NA news and world report ratings of undergraduate programs, it was ranked 36th among public universities. auburn is  an institution that is both highly research-active and committed to maintaining teaching excellence. it is located in an  attractive college town in the east central part of the state, 90 minutes from atlanta. the department of english,  the  largest in the college of liberal arts, offers the ba, ma, mtpc, and phd. applications will be accepted online at https:// aufacultypositions .peopleadmin .com................................... please have the following documents  ready to upload: cover letter; curriculum vitae; writing sample; statement of teaching philosophy; selected  teaching materials and student evaluations from at least two courses; contact information for three recommenders;  transcripts (official transcripts required only upon hire). review of applications will begin december 9th. auburn  university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 16 january  2014. NA NA departmental job listings note: an [r] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with  mla policy.  auburn u english, 