the college of humanities and fine arts at coastal carolina university invites applications for a tenure track position  as assistant professor for intercultural/international communication. the appointment will be effective either  january 16, 2015 or august 16, 2015 depending on availability of the candidate. a ph.d. in communication, anthropology, or languages is required. teaching experience and coursework in intercultural/ international communication are also required. a record that indicates the potential for scholarly productivity  and success, and demonstrated interest in institutional service is required. candidates should ideally possess  instructional/research interests and competencies in key areas that could include cross cultural communication, acculturation,  language and culture, semiotics or sociolinguistics. preference will be given to applicants who are qualified  NA additional languages and/or cultural proficiencies may be considered. the successful candidate will work with  members of the department to strategically develop courses in intercultural/international communication. teaching  assignments may include evening/weekend courses. prior experience with distance learning would be beneficial. NA serving approximately 600 majors. the department offers programs and courses in communication studies,  health communication, interactive journalism and media, public relations/integrated communication, spanish,  french, italian, and german. our faculty is committed to excellence in teaching, research, and the integration of  ideas, technologies, and developments within the discipline. the department provides students with the skills and  knowledge to compete in an increasingly global workforce, to facilitate understanding of effective communication  practices in varied contexts, and to foster cultural awareness and appreciation of diverse communities within the us  and abroad. coastal carolina university is a public comprehensive liberal arts institution located just nine miles from the atlantic  coast resort of myrtle beach, south carolina. coastal enrolls more than 9,400 students from 45 states and 56 nations.   the university is accredited by the commission on colleges of the southern association of colleges and schools to  NA business, humanities, education, and health and human services and a ph.d. degree in marine science. candidates should submit a letter of application (outlining interest in the position, qualifications, and approach to  teaching and learning), a current cv, a list of three references, and transcripts of all graduate work (copies are acceptable  at this time) electronically at:   should be received by october 15, 2014. coastal carolina university is building a culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from women  and minority candidates. ccu is an eo/aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 june 2014 and was available online from 20 june 2014 through 1 august 2014. coastal carolina u english, 