the department of english  at the university of iowa invites applications for the position of assistant professor with  a specialization in creative nonfiction and a secondary interest in another area of creative writing, beginning fall semester  2014. NA the department of english.  mfa graduates of this program have produced nearly 100 books over the past five years  and have won more than 30 literary prizes; they also regularly secure jobs in some of the best colleges and universities  in the country. we are seeking a writer who will add energy, creativity, and even more aesthetic diversity to a curriculum  that encourages students to explore new approaches to creative nonfiction while also developing an appreciation  NA the successful candidate will also contribute to the selective admission undergraduate creative writing track within  the department of english.  we are particularly interested in someone who will teach fiction or other forms of prose  to this vibrant community of undergraduate writers. this is a tenure track position. teaching will be at both the undergraduate and graduate levels with a normal load of  two courses per semester, along with responsibility for directing mfa theses. the salary will be competitive. required qualifications: terminal degree in creative writing or english  in hand by july 2014 (mfa or phd); at least  one book in literary nonfiction published or in production with a nationally prominent press; evidence of effective  teaching at the university level; secondary interest in another literary form, as evidenced by publication; and clear potential  for continued success as a published writer. desirable qualifications: evidence of serious commitment to teaching and a clearly articulated pedagogy of writing;  experience teaching nonfiction writing; and evidence of effective community building. the department and the college of liberal arts and sciences are strongly committed to gender and ethnic diversity;  the strategic plans of the university and college reflect this commitment. women and minorities are encouraged to  apply. the university of iowa is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer. applicants should submit a letter, cv, and a published sample of nonfiction writing (no more than 30 pages), and contact  information for three letters of recommendation, using the jobs@uiowa website (  requisition # 63473. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 5 december 2013. u of iowa