louisiana state university invites applications for the position of dean of the college of humanities & social sciences.  the dean provides ultimate administrative oversight for all aspects of life within this large college, including  strategic planning, fiscal management, personnel development, academic programs, research and student enrollment.  the dean also has primary responsibility for such external initiatives as community outreach and development. the  dean reports to the executive vice chancellor and provost and serves as the chief executive officer of the college. about the college: the college of humanities & social sciences is foundational to the entire university. for students  NA  cal thinking skills they will need for success in college and in life. the faculty produces quality research supported by  private, state and federal funds. the college consists of a wide range of outstanding departments and programs that foster an understanding of societies  and cultures and prepare our students to be better citizens of our state, nation, and world. we often consider the  college an incubator for the rest of the university, promoting interdisciplinary study and housing multiple vibrant  interdisciplinary programs. the college consists of departments of communication sciences and disorders, communication studies, english,  french studies, foreign languages and literatures, geography and anthropology, history, philosophy and religious  studies, political science, psychology and sociology. the college also includes international studies, disaster science  and management, aerospace studies (air force rotc), african and african american studies, the center for  french and francophone studies, comparative literature, linguistics, military sciences, film and media arts, the  southern regional climate center, the voegelin institute (devoted to the revitalization of teaching and understanding  NA global awareness is important to the college; the global connections residential college partners with the college  of humanities & social sciences (  international students. more information about the college can be found on the lsu college of humanities & social sciences website:    NA from the carnegie foundation. for the sixth straight year, u.s. news & world report ranked lsu in the top tier of  universities. it is one of 21 universities nationwide holding land, sea and space grant status. lsu enjoys a lively and  diverse community of nearly 35,000 faculty, staff and students from every state and more than 120 countries. located  NA NA with 57 buildings listed on the national register of historic places and more than 1,200 live oak trees. requirements: applicants and nominees must hold a terminal degree in a discipline within the college. in addition,  they must demonstrate evidence of distinguished teaching and scholarly work sufficient to qualify for appointment as  a tenured full professor; administrative skills in an academic or professional setting, such as experience at the department  chair level or above, or equivalent; ability to manage complex budget issues; ability to develop collaborative ties  with other universities and the broader community; appreciation of the diversity of disciplines in the college; ability  to foster interdisciplinary research and develop interdisciplinary programs; commitment to quality and diversity in the  recruitment and retention of students, faculty and staff; strong communication skills with internal and external constituencies;  commitment to shared governance and faculty involvement in determining the goals, mission and policies  of the college. the ability to secure external resources through nationally competitive grants and through private  fund raising is important. letters of nomination may be e mailed to the search committee chair, jerry ceppos, at jceppos@ lsu .edu....... applications  will be accepted online on the lsu careers website,   central?quickfind=56691, position number 006450. candidates must include a letter of application, cv, a list of  potential references and a brief vision statement for the college with their online application materials. review of  applications will begin october 30, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled. salary will be competitive  and commensurate with qualifications. an offer of employment is contingent on a satisfactory pre employment background  check. lsu is an equal opportunity/equal accessemployer this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013. louisiana su & a&m c english, 