tenure track assistant professor of english,  with expertise in tesol. we seek a scholar teacher prepared to contribute  to the on going development and diversification of our curricula for the english  major, ma program, interdisciplinary  NA academic program, within a large, diverse, and collaborative department of english.  we welcome various interests,  including l2 writing, tesol methods, second language acquisition theories, etc., and we value and support both  disciplinary and interdisciplinary scholarship and teaching. the university of dayton has a large and vibrant center  for international programs, including an intensive english  program. we have pioneered an innovative, intercultural  approach to first year composition, and, in cooperation with the department of teacher education, we now offer  tesol certification and endorsement. excellent teaching and publication, in addition to service and student advising,  are actively supported and are required for tenure and promotion in the department. minimum qualifications: expertise in tesol; ability to teach courses in tesol methods, linguistics, and pedagogical  grammar to both undergraduate and graduate students; promise of excellence in both research and teaching,  including the teaching of first year composition; near native or native fluency in english;  abd near completion of  the phd in english  or a related field. preferred qualifications: phd in english  or a related field; successful college level teaching experience; experience  teaching students from diverse backgrounds and language groups at the post secondary level; interest and ability in  recruiting for the tesol program; experience or interest in teaching abroad; other relevant international experience;  willingness to engage with internationalization and or social justice initiatives; demonstrated ability to work collaboratively  with colleagues within and beyond the department. the university of dayton, founded in 1850 by the society of mary, is a top ten catholic research university. the  university seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence  in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and service  in the local and global community. for department information, visit   apply online only, with letter of application, one page statement of teaching philosophy, and c.v., by oct. 31, 2013 at    to attain its catholic and marianist mission, the university is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion and  affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. we act affirmatively to recruit and hire women,  traditionally under represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. xavier u english,  3800 victory pky cincinnati oh 45207