job id: 10090 department: provost's office compensation: commensurate with qualifications and experience. closing date: march 23, 2014 campus specific information the graduate center of the city university of new york (cuny), a doctorate-granting institution of cuny, is  devoted to advancing original research and training graduate students in over 31 fields in the humanities, social sciences,  and sciences. we are seeking a digital humanities manager to help coordinate and expand a growing set of digital initiatives at  the graduate center aimed at fostering new work that integrates digital tools and methods into the core research and  teaching missions of the institution. we build community platforms, visualize cultural patterns in social media, ex  plore new forms of the book, host a dh speaker series, help graduate students expand the integration of technology  and pedagogy, foster transformation on issues of social justice, and collaborate with digital fellows on exciting digital  projects. based in the provost's office and reporting to the advisor to the provost for digital initiatives, the digital humanities  manager will join an institution with strong and clear support for digital initiatives and will be part of an enthusiastic  and collaborative community of faculty members, students, and staff working together to explore new dh  projects and opportunities. responsibilities: -manage the preparation and submission of more than three new grant proposals per year and maintain the management  of successfully funded projects. -manage administration of the gc digital praxis seminar, which introduces new doctoral and master's students at  the gc to dh texts, projects, and practices. -work with the gc digital fellows program and the provost's digital innovation grants program, managing the arrangement  of workshops to help students improve their skills. -maintain the management of the gc digital scholarship lab and related equipment. -serve as a liaison to academic programs, centers, and institutes partnered with gc digital initiatives. -maintain the management of the cuny digital humanities initiative. -manage initiatives associated with digital initiatives that are part of the graduate center's performance management  process. -may supervise support staff. general duties -manages curriculum development and operations of a college's specialized academic program under the direction of  a senior administrator. -implements and monitors a comprehensive academic program development plan; makes recommendations to improve  department policies and procedures -assists director with outcome assessment and strategic planning to further develop program offerings -prepares analytical and statistical reports for management -serves as resource expert regarding program policies and procedures -may manage professional and/or clerical staff -may act on behalf of director in his/her absence -performs related duties as assigned. minimum qualifications: bachelor's degree and six years' relevant experience required. other qualifications: the successful candidate will have a bachelor's degree and six years of relevant experience. a ph.d. in area(s) of expertise,  or equivalent, is preferred. also important is past success working collaboratively in interdisciplinary environments; familiarity with the most  recent scholarship in the digital humanities; a proven record of grant writing and project management skills; and a  commitment to open-source code and open-access scholarship. experience with a technical area of digital humanities such as data visualization, text mining, digital pedagogy, spatial  humanities, data curation, network analysis, and scholarly communication strongly desired. how to apply: please apply using the link below: https:// home .cunyfirst .cuny .edu/ psp/ cnyepprd/ guest/ hrms/ c/ hrs_ hram .hrs_ ce .gbl?page=hrs_ ce_  job_ dtl&action=a&jobopeningid=10090&siteid=1&postingseq=1 ***if you are unable to upload your application please email it to hrapplications@ gc .cuny .edu. please make sure to  indicate which position you are applying for and that you have submitted your application online.*** this listing was submitted to the jil on 26 february 2014 and was available online from 28 february 2014 through 11 april 2014.  cuny, laguardia comm c english,  NA