washington university announces the fourteenth year of modeling interdisciplinary inquiry, a postdoctoral fellowship  program endowed by the andrew w. mellon foundation and designed to encourage interdisciplinary scholarship  and teaching across the humanities and social sciences. we invite applications from recent ph.d.s for the position   NA seminars. fellows will receive a two-year appointment with a nine month academic year salary beginning at $50,000  per year. postdoctoral fellows have an opportunity to plan and pursue their own continuing research in association  with a senior faculty mentor at washington university, and, over the course of their two-year appointment, to teach  three undergraduate courses and to collaborate in leading an interdisciplinary seminar on theory and methods for advanced  undergraduates and beginning graduate students in the humanities and interpretive social sciences. there is no application form. applicants should submit a cover letter, a description of their research program (no more  than 1800 words), a brief proposal for the seminar in theory and methods, and a curriculum vitae. please include all  relevant contact information on the first page of your cover letter, and your name on each page of your application.  applicants should also arrange for the submission of three confidential letters of recommendation. submit materials by email, post, or online document handler by december 2, 2013 to joseph loewenstein (mii@ artsci .wustl .edu). the mailing address is: modeling interdisciplinary inquiry, washington university, campus box 1029,  one brookings drive, st. louis, mo 63130-4899. for express mail, please send materials to: modeling interdisciplinary  inquiry, washington university, umrath hall, room 231, one brookings drive, st. louis, mo 63130-4899. washington university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  employment eligibility verification  requested upon hire. this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 august 2013 and was availsable online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. yale-nus college