the university of washington tacoma invites applications for a full time tenure track assistant professor in american  literature in the interdisciplinary arts & sciences (ias) program. the successful candidate will be an intellectually  expansive scholar whose research and teaching address 19th and 20th century american literature. an expertise  in environmental literature and or regional literature is a plus. the successful candidate will be expected to work  with diverse student populations, involve students in faculty research, and integrate new pedagogical techniques and  technologies into teaching learning the position primarily contributes to majors in 1) arts, media and culture; 2) american studies; and 3) writing studies, and also supports other interdisciplinary majors and concentrations at  uw tacoma. the position begins september 16, 2014, requires an earned doctorate or foreign equivalent in english,  comparative literature, or related field with an emphasis in american literature at the time of appointment, and is  contingent on funding. a candidate in the final stages of his her dissertation would be appointed on an acting basis. ias offers a range of innovative interdisciplinary majors. we welcome applicants representing diverse perspectives and  approaches. one of three university of washington campuses, uw tacoma is located in new and historic facilities  in downtown tacoma and serves students of a wide range of ages and backgrounds in the south puget sound region.  the south sound is a beautiful place to live with outstanding opportunities for both cultural and recreational activities.  it also has vibrant business and nonprofit communities including organizations like the world renowned museum  of glass, tacoma art museum, amazon, boeing, microsoft, nordstrom, realnetworks, starbucks, weyerhaeuser,  the port of tacoma, and more. for more information on uw tacoma, visit our website at   .edu. to apply, please submit: 1. letter delineating your interests and qualifications, a description of research projects underway, your teaching experience,  and previous activities mentoring minorities and or advancing minorities, women, or members of other  under represented groups, 2. curriculum vitae, including a list of courses taught, 3. statement of your teaching philosophy, 4. an article length writing sample, 5. evidence of teaching effectiveness, and 6. three letters of reference. submit all application materials through   application materials, including letters of recommendation, received via email will not be considered. screening of  applicants will begin november 1, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. for further information, e mail  dr. joe sharkey, search chair, at iasamlit@ uw .edu. applicants are strongly encouraged to complete the equal employment opportunity questionnaire that is linked to  the confirmation email. this information will not be shared with the search committee. the university of washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  the university is building a culturally  diverse faculty and staff and strongly encourages applications from women, racial ethnic minority group members,  individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans. uw tacoma faculty engage in teaching, research, and service  and generally participate in lower division, upper division, and graduate instruction. this listing was submitted to the jil on 26 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. washington su english,  po box 645020 pullman wa 99164  