the division of communication arts and humanities at keystone college invites applications for a full time tenure  track assistant professor of english  with specializations in creative writing fiction, creative non fiction, other modes,  and world literature starting fall 2014. requirements: phd in english,  abd degree considered. applicant expected  to teach courses in literature, academic writing, and creative writing at undergraduate level. teaching environments  will include face to face day time classroom instruction, may also include teaching online, evenings, and weekends.  for full position description, please visit our website: www .keystone .edu.............................................. letters of application should include a curriculum  vitae, three letters of recommendation, statement of undergraduate teaching philosophy and research interests.  official transcripts with college university seal required prior to employment. apply: human resources,  keystone college, one college green, la plume, pa 18440 1099; e mail: humanresources@ keystone .edu review  of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. eoe m f d v this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 december 2013 and was available online from 13 december 2013 through 7 february 2014. lebanon valley c english,  101 college av humanities bldg, 2nd fl annville pa 17003   assistant professor of english  19346   lebanon valley college invites applications for a tenure track position in the english  department to begin fall 2014.  a ph.d. in english  is required as well as evidence of teaching excellence at the college level and scholarly potential.  the successful candidate will have strong research interests in early british literature, and preference will be given  to those with communications or creative writing experience. the 4 4 teaching load will include first year writing  courses, intermediate level literature, and more specialized upper level courses. complete applications, including cover letter, curriculum vitae, copies of transcripts, publication sample, and three  letters of reference should be sent through interfolio. applicants also must submit a teaching portfolio consisting of a  statement of teaching philosophy, at least two official course evaluation summaries, and two recent syllabi. lebanon  valley college is a diverse community of inclusive excellence. applicants are requested to include in their cover letter  information about how they will further this goal. application materials must be received by december 1, 2013, and  interviews will be conducted at the mla convention. additional information about the department can be found at www .lvc .edu  english. eoe [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013.  lehigh u english, 