rochester institute of technology, college of liberal arts application deadline: november 30, 2013 anticipated start date: august 13, 2014 situated within a vibrant technological university committed to the digital humanities, the english  department  seeks a teacher scholar of digital media for a tenure track position. the candidate will specialize in cultural analytics:  the use of computational methods to analyze and visualize digital and or literary media. potential areas of focus  include: literature, film, archival and image collections, born digital artifacts, micromedia, social networking databases,  digital activism, metatextual aesthetics, interactive art or media practices. the ideal candidate approaches his  her subject matter using cross disciplinary and or global perspectives. teaching assignments might include courses in  digital humanities, literature, comparative media, and general education courses offered by the english  department,  NA rit is a national leader in professional and career oriented education. talented, ambitious, and creative students of  all cultures and backgrounds from all 50 states and more than 100 countries have chosen to attend rit. founded  in 1829, rochester institute of technology is a privately endowed, coeducational university with nine colleges and  institutes emphasizing career education and experiential learning. with approximately 15,000 undergraduates and  3,000 graduate students, rit is one of the largest private universities in the nation. rit offers a rich array of degree  programs in engineering, science, business, and the arts, and is home to the national technical institute for the deaf.   NA is responsive to the needs of dual career couples by our membership in the upstate ny herc. rochester, located on lake ontario, is the 79th largest city in the united states and the third largest city in new  york state. the greater rochester region, which is home to nearly one million people, is rich in cultural and ethnic  diversity, with a population comprised of approximately 16% african and latin americans and another 7% of international  origin. it is also home to the largest deaf community per capita in the u.s. rochester ranks 3rd best metropolitan  NA NA NA required minimum qualifications: NA or closely related field at time of appointment NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA and individual differences. how to apply: apply online at   a vita; brief statement of teaching philosophy; writing sample portfolio; contribution to diversity statement;  and the names, addresses and phone numbers for three references. you can contact the search committee with questions on the position at: dr. robert glick, engsc1@ rit .edu. the committee will be conducting initial interviews at the mla conference in january 2014. this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 5 december 2013. saint john's u english, 