the department of english  at the university of british columbia seeks to fill a tenure track assistant professor position  in canadian literature. we would welcome expertise in poetics, cognitive poetics, ecocriticism and/or indigenous  literatures. applicants must have a phd (or be near completion), publications, and experience teaching at the post secondary  level; they are expected to provide strong evidence of active and excellent research, and demonstrate a record of, or  potential for, high quality teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. the successful candidate will be expected  to maintain an active program of research, teaching, graduate supervision, and service. applicants should submit a letter of application, a current cv containing full contact information, evidence of teaching  effectiveness, and an example of their published research. applications must be submitted on line at   .facultycareers .ubc .ca/ 16187 by october 31, 2013. in addition, applicants should arrange for three confidential letters  of reference to be forwarded by the same deadline via email attachment to english .recruitment@ ubc .ca position start date: july 1, 2014. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. this position is  subject to final budgetary approval. please consult the departmental website for details on our programs, faculty, and  activities: www .english .ubc.ca  ubc hires on the basis of merit and is committed to employment equity. all qualified persons are encouraged to  apply. we especially welcome applications from members of visible minority groups, women, aboriginal persons,  persons with disabilities, persons of minority sexual orientations and gender identities, and others with the skills and  knowledge to engage productively with diverse communities. canadians and permanent residents of canada will be  given priority [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 28 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. u of british columbia english,  397 1873 e mall vancouver bc v6t 1z1 canada