the department of literature within the division of arts & humanities at the university of california, san diego  (  research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and inclusion in higher  education. we welcome applications at every level of the assistant professor rank. we seek candidates who have demonstrated the highest standards of scholarly contribution and professional activity;  who will actively participate in our department's multilingual, transnational projects; whose methodological interests  could include cultural studies, materialist approaches (corporeal and economic), and multilingual examinations. ability  to teach courses on periods from the restoration to the romantic era at levels ranging from broad undergraduate  surveys to more specialized upper division courses to graduate seminars is desirable. special interests, such as transatlantic  british literary studies, transnational literary projects, and the culture of empire are especially welcome. demonstrated  commitment to excellence by providing leadership in teaching, research, and service towards building an  equitable and diverse scholarly environment is preferred. faculty members teach and supervise students at the undergraduate and graduate level. the level of appointment will  be commensurate with qualifications and experience. salary will be based on published uc pay scales. application deadline is november 1, 2013 NA please apply to the following to your application: NA NA the ad) at the top of your cover letter, 2) current cv, 3) at least 3 letters of recommendation; please add contact names  and requested information (click on the prompt to contact references, which generates an email to these references), 4)  NA to your online application web page, 5) a personal diversity and leadership statement (see below). applicants should include a personal statement summarizing their contributions to diversity and leadership. contribution  to diversity statements could include an attention to diverse learning needs, engaging learning fields of diverse  communities, pedagogical methods that address learning needs of students from diverse backgrounds, an awareness of  inequities in education and research, a track record of specific activities that address and mitigate inequities, follow up  of positive impact on under represented students, and a specific plan of activities and follow up at ucsd (see   facultyequity .ucsd .edu/ faculty applicant c2d info .asp for further information). proof of authorization to work in the u. s. will be required prior to employment (immigration reform and control  act of 1985). ucsd is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer  with a strong institutional commitment to excellence  through diversity (  this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013.  u of california, san diego