the college of humanities and fine arts at coastal carolina university invites applications for an assistant professor  of first year writing and instructional technologies to support the first year composition program and teach a variety  of undergraduate and graduate writing courses. the appointment will be effective august 2014. NA hours in english  required. in addition, the successful candidate will demonstrate:  NA learning; NA for writing courses within the english  department and across the disciplines; NA reading and writing; and NA the best practices of composition pedagogy. an exemplary record of teaching a variety of college writing courses in face to face, hybrid, and online teaching environments  is required as well as a record of scholarship in one or more of following areas: instructional design, digital  and information literacies, technical and professional communication, or multimodal text production. prior experience  with distance learning would be beneficial. coastal carolina university is a public comprehensive liberal arts institution located just nine miles from the atlantic  coast resort of myrtle beach, south carolina. coastal enrolls more than 9,400 students from 45 states and 56 nations.  the university is accredited by the commission on colleges of the southern association of colleges and schools to  NA business, humanities, education, and health and human services and a ph.d. degree in marine science. applicants must apply online at   application, letter of application that outlines college level teaching experience, teaching philosophy, and scholarship  or scholarly agenda, and a curriculum vitae listing at least three (3) references with contact information. applications  are due february 28, 2014. screening of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.  the committee will conduct preliminary skype interviews in march 2014. coastal carolina university is building a culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from women  and minority candidates. ccu is an eo aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 february 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 21 march 2014. coastal carolina u english, 