the school of humanities and social sciences at penn state erie, the behrend college, invites applications for an assistant  or associate professor rank, tenure track position in digital humanities, beginning august 2014. expertise in digital text analysis, curation, or data mining is expected. competence in data visualization and gis is  highly desirable. beyond a familiarity with digital scholarship and new publishing technologies, the successful candidate  will also specialize in an area of either english  studies, preferably british literature of the twentieth and twenty  first centuries, or history, preferably in a non western area. this individual will contribute to the english  or history  major and to the general education mission of the college, and provide leadership in the development of a new digital  NA qualifications and professional standing. the ideal candidate will possess a record of excellent college teaching, and either scholarly potential or a demonstrated  research and publication track record for appointment at a senior level. a ph.d. in english  or history is required, with  significant coursework or relevant experience using digital and interactive media within the profession.  penn state behrend is a comprehensive four year and residential college of penn state in erie, pa. the college prides  itself on the balance it achieves between teaching and research. located on a beautiful, wooded hilltop campus, penn  state behrend offers its 4,300 undergraduate and graduate students an inspiring and technologically advanced environment  characterized by close student/faculty interaction. for more information about the college, please visit our  web site (www .behrend .psu .edu). please send to hssjobs@ psu .edu........................................................................................... a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a pdf or a link to a web site or digital project  that demonstrates your work, and a statement articulating the role of the digital arts, media, and technology for  informing and positioning traditional liberal arts disciplines for success in the 21st century. please mail any hard copy  application materials to: chair, digital humanities search committee school of humanities and social sciences penn state erie, the behrend college 4951 college drive erie, pa 16563 1501 review of applications will begin november 8, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled. employment will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with university policies. penn state is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013. penn state u, new kensington letters, arts & sciences, 3550 seventh street road new kensington pa 15068