the english  department at depaul university invites applications for two full-time non-tenure-track positions in  NA courses per quarter. candidates should be prepared to teach creative writing workshops, particularly fiction, for the  undergraduate creative writing program and master's in writing and publishing program, along with general education  literature courses. secondary expertise in other genres and areas (poetry, nonfiction, publishing, editing) is also  desirable. salary is commensurate with experience. position carries full benefits. we seek candidates with strong records of publication and creative work, demonstrated excellence in and commitment  to undergraduate teaching, and a terminal degree (mfa and/or phd) in hand. the depaul department of  english  offers graduate and undergraduate degrees in literature and creative writing to more than 400 undergraduate  majors and 200 graduate students in two master's programs. the successful candidate will have experience teaching  undergraduate and graduate students of diverse backgrounds and sensitivity to the educational goals of an urban  multicultural student population. we particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university and its  surrounding community, and we encourage applications from women, people of color, and individuals from other  historically under-represented groups. to apply, please electronically submit a letter of application, cv, names and email contacts for three references, writing  sample (approx. 25 pages), and unofficial or official graduate transcripts. all application materials must be submitted  online. screening of applications will begin immediately and continue through july 24th, 2014. please visit the  following url to apply: facultyopportunities .depaul .edu/ applicants/ central?quickfind=51149  as an equal employment opportunity (eeo) employer,  depaul university provides job opportunities to qualified individuals  without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital status,  physical or mental disability, parental status, housing status, source of income or military status, in accordance with  applicable federal, state, and local eeo laws. this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 july 2014 and was available online from 11 july 2014 through 31 july 2014. elgin comm c english  & mod langs, 1700 spartan dr elgin il 60123