deadline: december 15, 2013 the environmental policy and culture program and the alice kaplan humanities institute invite applications for a  two year post doctoral fellowship in the environmental humanities, to run from september 1, 2014 through august  31, 2016. applications are welcome from scholars who study the environment from a humanities perspective  (analyzing, for instance, environmental history; ecological interface and the built environment; ecological/ecocritical  approaches to literature; animal studies, green studies, or cultural approaches to water and air; environmental justice  NA NA particularly interested in candidates whose work falls within one or more of the following fields: art history, art  theory and practice, english,  ethnic studies, history, literary studies, philosophy, or religious studies. the fellow  must be prepared to teach courses that reflect expertise both in studies of the environment and in another substantive  field. candidates must complete all ph.d. requirements before september 1, 2014. the fellow will pursue a program of independent scholarship under the guidance of a faculty mentor and will teach  two undergraduate courses each year. the fellow will also give one public lecture per year. this position is a two  year, full time fellowship with benefits. NA pages, and a sample syllabus for one upper division undergraduate course. graduate school transcripts as well as three  letters of recommendations (including one letter from the dissertation advisor) should be forwarded as part of the application.  in order to ensure full consideration, all application materials must be received by december 15, 2013. important additional information including salary, prerequisites, faqs, and submission instructions appears on our  website at   on the webpage should be directed to humsearch@ northwestern .edu. for more information, see   .weinberg .northwestern .edu/ aa/eoe: applications from women and minorities are especially encouraged. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 november 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 24 january 2014. northwestern u