NA the department of rhetoric at the university of california, berkeley seeks to appoint a tenured professor (at the  rank of associate or full professor) in the area of history and theory of rhetoric, beginning july 1, 2014. minimum  qualification required is a ph.d. or equivalent. additional qualifications are an excellent research profile and outstanding  record of scholarship, and a strong record of teaching at the graduate and undergraduate levels. candidates should  work in the history and theory of rhetoric, broadly conceived, and have a demonstrated commitment to the teaching  of the rhetorical tradition to undergraduate and graduate students. areas of scholarship could include: the classical rhetorical  tradition and its varied receptions; modern rhetorical theory and its origins; and interdisciplinary approaches  to the ancient world. examples of research themes might include politics and political theory, theories of knowledge  and epistemology, orality and literacy, literary theory. the department is interested in candidates whose research and  teaching include comparative and non western dimensions of rhetoric and candidates who will contribute to diversity  and equal opportunity in higher education through their teaching, and research. candidates should send cover letter,  NA reference. all letters will be treated as confidential per university of california policy and california state law. please  refer potential referees, including those whose letters are provided via a dossier service or career center, to the uc  berkeley statement of confidentiality:   all application materials should be uploaded to the secure search portal at   jpf00266. applications close november 12, 2013. questions pertaining to the application process can be directed to  lochland@ berkeley .edu the university of california is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer  and is committed to addressing  the family needs of faculty, including dual career couples and single parents (see   [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 11 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. u of california, davis english,  1 shields av davis ca 95616