the college at brockport, suny seeks candidates for a tenure track position for assistant professor of african  american literature. duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), regular publication,  service to the department and college, advisement of majors, and direction of ma theses/projects. required:  ph.d. in english  or related field, abd candidates must earn their doctoral degree within six months of appointment  date; record of teaching success; record of scholarship in african american literature; evidence of potential for  continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity of the curriculum, student body or faculty through  teaching/mentoring or research activities. tenure track faculty receive support from programs including a scholarship  travel account, the faculty learning community for tenure and promotion, and the center for excellence in  teaching and learning. the college promotes diversity in its faculty, curriculum, and campus life through programs,  grants, and events such as the ronald e. mcnair program, the promoting excellence in diversity grant, and pre  tenure research support. the college at brockport is located in the village of brockport on the erie canal, minutes  NA cover letter and cv at www .brockportrecruit .org. also send three letters of recommendation through interfolio  to mobourn@ brockport .edu.......................................................................................... if interfolio is unavailable, send materials to megan obourn, african american literature  search chair. dept. of english,  the college at brockport, suny, brockport ny 14420. candidates selected  for mla interviews will submit a writing sample and statement of teaching philosophy at that time . the college at  brockport, suny is an eoe/aae. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 september 2013 and was available online from 13 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. su of new york, c at brockport english, 