unc charlotte invites applications for director of the writing resources center (wrc) in the university writing  programs (uwp), a tenure track appointment at the rank of assistant professor in the department of english.  applicants must have an earned doctorate in rhetoric and composition, or a related field, and a record of research  publication. experience in writing center tutoring, teaching, and administration required, with the ability to work  effectively and professionally with faculty, staff, and students. the director will work with graduate and undergraduate  tutors, teach tutor theory and pedagogy, and have the opportunity to teach first year writing, composition theory,  and to develop new courses. we seek candidates whose expertise might include visual rhetoric, new or digital media,  genre studies/chat theory, world englishes,  ell, and/or e portfolios. this is a 9 month faculty position with significant  reassignment for administrative duties plus an additional 10th month for summer. the writing resources center, the first year writing program, and the charlotte site of the national writing project  NA charge is to serve as a resource for writers across the university. as two fundamental competencies identified at unc  charlotte are critical thinking and written communication, a flourishing wrc is central to the university mission.  running the wrc with the support of an associate coordinator and fifteen to twenty tutors, the wrc director has  the following responsibilities: NA NA the curriculum; NA and wrc staff NA NA NA NA fastest growing metropolitan areas on an expanding modern campus. one of sixteen campuses in one of the  oldest public university systems in the united states, unc charlotte offers over 26,000 culturally diverse students  a wide range of undergraduate and graduate degree programs. the college of liberal arts and sciences houses 20  departments in the humanities, social and behavioral sciences, physical sciences, and military sciences, as well as eight  research centers and institutes and 13 interdisciplinary programs. university writing programs is uniquely positioned  to collaborate innovatively with colleagues across the university to provide a basis for writing in and across disciplines.  for additional information about the writing resources center, visit   for consideration, apply on line at   three references. the search committee will begin reviewing applications march 10, 2014 and recruitment will continue  until the position is filled. unc charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity of all  individuals is respected and maintained. therefore, we celebrate diversity that includes, but is not limited to, ability/ disability, age, culture, ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socio economic status. applicants  subject to criminal background check. aa/eoe. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 february 2014 and was available online from 21 february 2014 through 4 april 2014. u of north carolina, greensboro english, 