the university of waterloo department of english  language and literature is accepting applications for two lecturer  positions in writing studies. the two successful candidates will hold three year definite term appointments at the  rank of lecturer. while these are initially three year contract positions, the successful candidates may be considered  for reappointment or appointment to a continuing lecturer position at the completion of their contracts. the successful  candidates will have a completed phd and substantial teaching experience by the time of appointment, and will  provide evidence of experience in course design. evidence of successful teaching of academic writing at a university,  a record of pedagogical innovation, and a record of publication in the areas of composition theory or pedagogy will  be considered important assets. experience teaching students for whom english  is not a first language will be an asset,  as will experience with technical writing and professional writing. lecturers must meet a high standard of teaching  excellence and are expected to be familiar with current pedagogical research in their teaching area. the teaching load  for these positions includes consideration for research on pedagogy and is no more than a total of 8 term courses, normally  spread over three 12 week terms a year.  an appointment date of 1 july 2014 is preferred. consideration of applications will begin on 15 april 2014 and continue  until the position is filled. application materials should be submitted online as pdf files through interfolio at  apply .interfolio .com/ 24647. please include a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and/or link  to an e portfolio, and arrange for three letters of reference to be uploaded (addressed to dr. fraser easton, chair,  department of english language and literature, university of waterloo). more information about the department is  available at   further enquiries can be directed to the department chair, fraser easton,  at 519 888 4567, ext. 33359 (e mail: englishchair@ uwaterloo .ca). all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply;  however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. the university of waterloo encourages applications  from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible minorities, native peoples and persons with  disabilities. these appointments are subject to the availability of funds. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 march 2014 and was available online from 14 march 2014 through 25 april 2014. u of waterloo english, 