oregon state university (osu) school of writing, literature, and film invites applications for an assistant professor,  tenure-track faculty position in american literature with a specialization in latino/a literature and culture, beginning  fall 2014. this is a nine-month, 1.0 fte, full time tenure-track appointment. the faculty member will teach a range  of undergraduate and graduate courses, including survey courses in american literature pre-columbian to the present  as well as courses in latino/a literature and culture. tenure-track faculty teach a five course load on a trimester basis  NA minimum requirements include a ph.d. in american literature with a specialization in latino/a literature and culture.  we are especially interested in secondary specializations in the following literatures and/or methodologies:  chicano/a, afro-caribbean, native american, borderlands, or environmental humanities. the ideal candidate will  have significant teaching experience and demonstrated potential for high quality teaching, a publication record, and  demonstrated scholarly innovation and commitment. oregon state university is home to the center for latino/latina studies and engagement (cl@se), with a commitment  to latino studies as an area of scholarly inquiry and interdisciplinary work. the school of writing, literature,  and film offers a ba in english,  an ma in english,  NA in interdisciplinary studies (mais) as well as professional programs such as pre-law, medical humanities, and  scientific and technical writing. oregon state university is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer  committed to cultural diversity. for full consideration for this position, your application must be received by november 11, 2013. apply electronically  by logging on to the oregon state university job site http:// jobs .oregonstate .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ welcome_ css  .jsp-reference posting 0011164. please address materials to search chair, american literature latino/a literature and  culture. when applying you will be required to attach the following electronic documents: 1) resume/cv; 2) cover  letter of interest indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position; 3) transcript or  written list of courses and thesis title (transcripts can be downloaded if the pdf file is 5 mb or less); 4) abstract of dissertation  or book (no more than 1 page) must be attached as other document. please submit letters of reference electronically through interfoliobycommittee at the following site and reference this  position #0011164: http:// apply .interfolio .com/ 22726 for additional general information, please contact the school of writing, literature, and film main office at 541-737- 3244 or peter betjemann (peter .betjemann@ oregonstate .edu). this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 12 september 2013 through 11 november  2013.  portland su english, 