the department of english  at the university of oregon seeks an instructor for ell and general sections of argumentative  NA who have experience working with students from diverse backgrounds, including international students. we are especially  interested in candidates who have some familiarity with comparative and contrastive rhetoric and whose teaching  considers the linguistic and rhetorical differences students of diverse nationalities and cultures bring to the writing  classroom. candidates must be willing to participate in program development and assessment. all teaching positions  in english  involve student advising and departmental service. this is a non tenure track, nine month, renewable position at 1.0 fte. the course load is 3 per term, totaling 9  courses per year. salary is $40,000 with competitive benefits package. enrollments in composition program ell  NA or on december 16, 2014. minimum qualifications: ma or phd in rhetoric and composition or a closely related field; tesol certification or  ma or equivalent; previous experience teaching college level argumentative writing with evidence of teaching excel  lence. the strongest candidates will have an ma or equivalent in tesol as well as experience teaching college level  argumentative writing to ell students. candidates are asked to apply on line at www .academicjobsonline .org................................................. by submitting an application letter, a curriculum  vitae, and three confidential letters of recommendation by august 10, 2014. if you are unable to use this online  resource, please contact engl@ uoregon .edu.......................................................................... to arrange alternate means of submitting application materials. application  materials received after august 10, 2014 will not be considered. we will be conducting teleconference interviews in mid august. the university of oregon is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution committed to cultural diversity and  compliance with the americans with disabilities act. we strongly encourage applications from candidates who share  our commitment to diversity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 july 2014 and was available online from 11 july 2014 through 31 july 2014. u of oregon english,  1286 univ of oregon eugene or 97403