the department of english  at the university of houston invites applications for an assistant or associate professor  in caribbean and caribbean diasporic literatures. ideally, the successful candidate would have expertise in postcolonial  studies and theory or african literature. the successful candidate must have a strong record of scholarly research  and publication, and teaching excellence at the graduate and undergraduate levels. the department of english  is a  large, dynamic department offering the m.a. and ph.d. in english  and american literature; the m.f.a and ph.d.  in literature and creative writing; a doctoral concentration in rhetoric, composition, and pedagogy; and graduate  certificates in empire studies and in translation studies. in addition to the department's strengths, the university of  houston's college of liberal arts and social sciences offers programs in african american studies, mexican american  studies, and american cultures, and it houses the center for the americas. the university of houston is the premier tier-one public doctoral institution in the nation's fourth largest city, and  has one of the most diverse student bodies among research-one universities. please submit through interfolio via the  link above a letter of application, "curriculum vitae" and dossier, including three letters of reference, evidence of ef  fective teaching, and a writing sample of no more than twenty (20) pages to professor wyman h. herendeen, chair,  department of english,  university of houston, houston, texas 77204-3013. hard copy of applications may also be  sent directly to the above address. review of applications will begin on 1 november, 2013, and will continue until  the position is filled. the university of houston is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  minorities,  women, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of houston english, 