the faculty of arts and science, university of toronto invites applications and nominations for the cameron professorship  in old english  language and literature. this is a tenured appointment at the rank of associate or full professor  in the centre for medieval studies (51%) and the department of english  (49%) with special responsibility as chief  editor of the dictionary of old english  (doe). the appointment will be effective july 1, 2014. the successful incumbent for this position will demonstrate a deep commitment to producing the highest quality  scholarship in the field of old english  language and literature. the incumbent will provide leadership and forge critical  links between scholars of old english  language and literature at the university of toronto and their counterparts  at universities and specialized institutions across canada and abroad. candidates are required to have a phd and demonstrated  evidence of teaching and research excellence in both old english  and other relevant fields (e.g. medieval  latin and old norse). the centre for medieval studies and the department of english  offer the opportunity to teach and to conduct research  in units that are committed to studying both medieval culture and english  language and literature in historical  depth and geographical range. situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the centre and the department  reflect that diversity in their approach to english  as a world language. the centre and department are committed to  excellence in teaching and research. candidates must display evidence of excellence in both these areas. salary will be  commensurate with qualifications and experience. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www.uoftcareers.utoronto.ca. see job # 1301154. applications  should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), a  statement outlining current and future research interests (with special attention to the dictionary of old english),  and   a substantial writing sample. if you have questions about this position, please contact careers .english@ utoronto .ca or  director .medieval@ utoronto .ca. all application materials should be submitted online. the u of t application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine  attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at: http:// uoft  .me/ how-to-apply. applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the centre for medieval studies via e-mail to  director .medieval@ utoronto .ca by the closing date, october 31, 2013. for more information about the centre for medieval studies, the department of english  or the dictionary of old  english,  please visit our respective home pages: http://www.medieval.utoronto.ca, http://www.english. utoronto.ca  and http:// www .doe.utoronto.ca. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual  minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013. u of toronto medieval studies prog, ctr for medieval studies 125 queen's park, 3rd fl toronto on m5s 2c7 canada