the writing program at nyu shanghai invites applications for several full-time language lecturer positions to  teach english  for academic purposes (eap) to academically outstanding students from around the world. appointments  are for one year effective august 1, 2014 and are subject to renewal. designed as thematically-focused freshmen  seminars, these advanced courses will teach integrated skills (reading, writing, speaking, listening), with an emphasis  on public speaking and listening comprehension. language lecturers teach 5 sections (or their equivalent) in a two- semester course sequence, and may participate in proficiency or placement testing, and other program activities. nyush is looking for creative individuals who are flexible, outgoing, open to new environments, and respectful of  diverse backgrounds and learning styles. applicants should have a minimum of 3 years eap/esl teaching experience  in higher education. ideal candidates will have experience working with students from diverse cultural and language  backgrounds, and will have specialized experience teaching speaking and listening in an eap context. an advanced  degree in tesol/applied linguistics or a related field is preferred. language lecturers attend a faculty orientation and student orientation in august, participate in regular faculty development  workshops throughout the academic year, continue ongoing research in their academic or creative fields, and  participate actively in the intellectual life of nyush. nyu shanghai is the first sino-us higher education joint venture to grant a degree that is accredited in the us as  well as in china. a research university with liberal arts and sciences at its core, it resides in one of the world's great  cities, which is also a vibrant intellectual community (http:// shanghai .nyu .edu/). nyu shanghai will recruit scholars  who are committed to our global vision of transformative teaching and innovative research. new york university has established itself as a global network university, with three degree-granting campuses- new york, shanghai, and abu dhabi-complemented by 12 additional academic centers across five continents. faculty  and students circulate within the network in pursuit of common research interests and cross-cultural, interdisciplinary  endeavors, both local and global. review of applications will begin immediately for fall 2014 appointments and will continue until positions are filled. required application materials: NA in shanghai, specific qualities you will  bring to the program, and your teaching philosophy; NA NA language skills into that focus. also include references for 5 texts (essays, readings, films, other audio-visual materials)  NA NA NA NA please visit our website at http:// shanghai .nyu .edu/ en/ about/ work-here/ open-positions-faculty/ for instructions and  other information on how to apply. if you have any questions, please e-mail shanghai .faculty .recruitment@ nyu .edu. nyu shanghai is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 january 2014 and was available online from 3 january 2014 through 28 march 2014.  tel aviv u english 