applications are invited for a tenure track position in british romanticism, with an emphasis on poetry, at the rank  of assistant professor. applicants for this position should have a record of strong research achievement commensurate  with their experience and a strong teaching record; a proven history of securing external research funding will be  considered an asset. our multi disciplinary department offers undergraduate programs in literature, literature and  rhetoric, and rhetoric and professional writing, and undergraduate specializations in english  literature in a global   context and in digital media studies. we offer ma programs in literary studies, rhetoric and communication  design, and experimental digital media, and a unique phd program which integrates literary studies with fields of  media theory and design, composition, rhetoric, and discourse and text analysis. since the department enjoys an integrated  research culture, competence in an additional research and teaching area, such as rhetoric, semiotics, digital  humanities, linguistics, or writing studies is also welcome. the successful candidate will be offered a wide range of  teaching, from first year undergraduate courses through graduate teaching and the supervision of doctoral students.  the current teaching load is 2 + 2, which normally includes one graduate course. an appointment date of 1 july 2014 is preferred. consideration of applications will begin on 31 january 2014 and  continue until the position is filled. on campus interviews are likely to be scheduled for early to mid february. application  materials should be submitted online as pdf files through interfolio. please include a letter of application,  curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and or link to an e portfolio, and arrange for three letters of reference to be  uploaded (addressed to dr. fraser easton, chair, department of english  language and literature, university of waterloo).  more information about the department is available at   be directed to the department chair, fraser easton, at 519 888 4567, ext. 33359 (englishchair@ uwaterloo .ca). all  qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. the  university of waterloo encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible  minorities, native peoples and persons with disabilities. this appointment is subject to the availability of funds. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 january 2014 and was available online from 3 january 2014 through 14 february 2014. u of waterloo renison university c, 240 westmount rd. n waterloo, on, n2l 3g4 canada   assistant professor: diaspora literatures in english  20953   renison university college, affiliated with the university of waterloo invites applications, subject to budgetary approval,  for a tenure track assistant professor position in diaspora literatures in english.  specific expertise in either  east asian literatures in english  or in middle eastern literatures in english  is required. additional expertise in one  of the following areas would be an asset: popular culture, new media, cultural diversity, and cosmopolitanism. applicants  for this position should have a phd with a record of strong research achievement commensurate with his or her  experience and a strong teaching record; a proven history of securing external research funding will be considered an  asset. specific job information is available at:   an appointment date of 1 january 2015 is preferred. on campus interviews are likely to be scheduled beginning mid  may. application materials should be submitted online as pdf files through interfolio at apply .interfolio .com  24695.  please include a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and or link to an e portfolio, and arrange  for three letters of reference to be uploaded. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 april 2014 and was available online from 11 april 2014 through 23 may 2014. york u