generalist. literary studies and composition, otherwise field open. position starts august 2014. required: ph.d. in english;  a record or clear promise of research publication in the field; a record of strong teaching  in literary studies and composition. preferred: teaching in distance modes. full time position, with competitive salary. located at the university of wyoming casper college site (casper wyoming).  3 2 teaching load, with pre tenure reduction to 2 2, and post tenure reduction possible for exceptional research  productivity. teaching at times by distance modalities. responsibility for liaison with casper college and the  casper community. application deadline november 15 2013. to apply, all applicants should submit a letter of application, curriculum  vitae, transcript, and three independently submitted letters of recommendation. submit materials by mla interfolio,  by mail, or direct email. for mailing: uw cc lit and comp search # 1580 dr. susan aronstein, chair search committee department of english,  3353 university of wyoming 1000 east university avenue laramie, wy 82071. for email: englishdept@ uwyo .edu interviews will take place at the mla convention. qualified applicants who will not be at the convention will be invited  to interview during that period via skype.  the university's policy has been, and will continue to be, one of nondiscrimination, offering equal opportunity to all  employees and applicants for employment on the basis of their demonstrated ability and competence without regard  to such matters as race, sex, gender, color, religion, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation,  genetic information, political belief, or other status protected by state and federal statutes or university regulations. the university of wyoming is committed to providing a safe and productive learning and living community. to  achieve that goal, we conduct background investigations for all final candidates being considered for employment.  background checks may include, but are not limited to, criminal history, national sex offender search, employment  and motor vehicle history. offers of employment are contingent upon the completion of the background check. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013. u of wyoming english,  dept 3353 1000 e university av laramie wy 82071  