the university of wisconsin la crosse, college of liberal studies, invites applicants for a full time, academic year,  tenure track assistant professor position in rhetoric and writing, with particular expertise in journalism and new  media studies. the university of wisconsin la crosse is a high ranking comprehensive university specializing in  teaching (the load is 4/4). strong candidates will have a proven pedagogical track record and a desire to teach as strong  as their desire to conduct research. our new colleague will teach upper level courses in journalism and new media  studies, as well as regular assignments in freshman composition and upper level rhetoric and writing courses. strong  candidates will demonstrate evidence of teaching effectiveness and strong oral and written communication skills, potential  for curriculum development, evidence of/potential for scholarship, commitment to professional service, and  interest in development of a newly proposed minor in journalism and new media studies. preferred secondary specialties  include digital culture and new media writing, the rise of modern journalism, multicultural issues in journalism  and new media, and international and global news gathering/reporting. the english  department values and  supports diversity in its faculty, staff, and students. we seek a colleague who shares the department's commitment to  diversity in curriculum and who will be a dedicated teacher, active scholar, and effective mentor for students with  diverse backgrounds, preparation, and career goals. candidates must have a phd in composition and rhetoric, journalism,  english,  or a comparable field conferred by august 25, 2014. note: electronic submission of application materials is required, including letter of application; c.v.; teaching philosophy,  unofficial transcript(s); and three letters of reference uploaded through the electronic portal. for additional information  about this faculty position and to apply, please visit   must be received by november 15, 2013. initial interviews will be arranged shortly following preliminary review of  candidate files. uw la crosse's diversity and inclusion efforts are guided by our adherence to inclusive excellence. uw la crosse  is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  if you have a special need for accommodation in the   hiring process, please contact dr. thomas pribek, search and screen committee chair, at 608 785 6934. to learn  more about the english  department, visit   employment will require a criminal background check. a pending criminal charge or conviction will not necessarily  disqualify an applicant. in compliance with the wisconsin fair employment act, uw la crosse does not discriminate  on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. u of wisconsin, la crosse