the department of english  at the university of oregon invites specialists of asian american literature to apply for  the position of assistant professor to begin fall 2014. we seek candidates who demonstrate potential for outstanding  research and teaching at the graduate and undergraduate levels. we are a diverse and growing department with  strengths in british, american, and anglophone literary studies, as well as in environmental humanities, queer and  gender studies, rhetoric, disability studies, folklore, and film and media. we are especially interested in scholars whose  NA class, disability, ethnicity and ecology, empire and imperialism, and (post)colonial and (trans)national cultural formations;  and we encourage applications from candidates who have experience working with students from diverse  backgrounds. minimum requirements: ph.d. in english  or related field in hand by time of appointment. salary is competitive. candidates are asked to apply on line at www .academicjobsonline .org................................................. by submitting an application letter, a curriculum  vitae, a writing sample of approximately 20 pages, and contact information for three referees by november 15,  2013. please do not have letters of recommendation sent to academic jobs online; we will request three letters of  recommendation at a later point. if you are unable to use this online resource, please contact engl@ uoregon .edu to  arrange alternate means of submitting application materials. application materials received after november 15, 2013  will not be considered. we will be conducting teleconference interviews in january. finalists will be invited to the university of oregon  campus in eugene. the university of oregon is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution committed to cultural diversity and  compliance with the americans with disabilities act. we strongly encourage applications from candidates who share  our commitment to diversity. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. u of oregon english,  1286 univ of oregon eugene or 97403