columbia university undergraduate writing program in the department of english  and comparative literature  invites applications for lecturers in discipline to begin july 2014. lecturers will teach first year writing and provide  leadership in developing theme based writing courses in collaboration with columbia's faculty. one year appointment  with the option for renewal for up to five years contingent on satisfactory performance.  applications from candidates in interdisciplinary fields of the humanities, social sciences, and stem areas, and from  candidates with tesol certification and expertise in teaching writing to english  language learners are welcome.  candidates in the areas of gender and sexuality studies, sustainable development, american studies, human rights,  data sciences, or transnational esl who can demonstrate excellence in teaching and writing in these areas are especially  welcome. lecturers teach two sections of first year writing each semester; mentor current graduate student instructors; and support  teachers' professional development in workshops, conferences, and class observations. they also provide editorial  support for our internal publications, assessment materials, and undergraduate journal of student writing. information about uwp and the first year writing course is available at   information about columbia's interdisciplinary centers and institutes can be found at   content  centers institutes .html. applicants must apply online at   application includes cover letter addressed to dr. nicole b. wallack, cv, statement of teaching philosophy, teaching  evaluations, dissertation or thesis abstract, writing sample of no more than 25 pages, three letters of recommendation,  and a syllabus from a recent writing course. candidates should identify clearly their areas of expertise. eligibility: to be considered for a uwp lectureship, applicants must have fulfilled the requirements of their terminal  graduate degree by july 1, 2014. two years of teaching writing at the college level is also required. applicants for the  english  language learners position must be certified in tesol and have experience teaching dedicated courses in  academic writing for ell and esl populations. a ph.d. is preferred. however, a candidate with another terminal graduate degree and exceptional experience will  receive full consideration. ideal candidates will also demonstrate experience with writing program development and  evidence of leadership within a writing program. deadline for applications is february 15, 2014. columbia university is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 14 january 2014 and was available online from 17 january 2014 through 28 february 2014. cornell u english, 