NA position title: assistant professor of film, television and digital media specialization: directing program: production/directing department: film, television, and digital media school: theater, film and television position summary: tenure track in the department of film, television and digital media responsible for teaching variety of courses in  screenwriting, production, directing, and postproduction at the ba and mfa levels. successful applicants can lead  students through creative and practical aspects of modern media making with special consideration for the relationship  between creativity, storytelling and production feasibility. the position requires both skill-specific and project- oriented courses. the successful candidate will teach courses in his or her particular area of expertise and will be  expected to participate fully in university and department service. education/experience: graduate degree in film directing, considerable film and/or television directing experience and a minimum of three  years of successful teaching at the college/university level. special consideration will be given to candidates with significant  festival, distribution and industry knowledge who actively create personal work. experience with a diversity  of production environments and production conditions is desirable. directing is the focus of the position; demonstrated  professional and teaching capacity in areas such as screenwriting, cinematography, sound, editing, postproduction  and digital media is a plus. deadline: friday, april 11th, 2014 applicants: please apply at https:// recruit .apo .ucla .edu/ apply/ jpf00169 NA the university of california, los angeles is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  the university  undertakes affirmative action to assure equal employment opportunity for underrepresented minorities and women,  for persons with disabilities, and for protected veterans. all qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, including  minorities and women. this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 february 2014 and was available online from 20 february 2014 through 3 april 2014. u of california, los angeles