the department of english  at santa clara university invites applications for a tenure-track position in rhetoric and  composition. applicants will have interest and expertise in teaching rhetoric, first-year composition, advanced writing,  or writing for publication. successful candidates must have a strong commitment to both teaching and research  and must be able to establish and maintain an active research program. teaching responsibilities will include first-year  critical thinking and writing courses and advanced (upper-division) courses in areas such as argumentation, writing  and social justice, writing for teachers, composition theory, and/or practicum in tutoring composition. the successful  candidate will teach 6 courses spread over three quarters, with a reduced teaching load of 5 courses in the first year. qualifications: ph.d. in english  (or a closely related field), with a primary emphasis in rhetoric and composition;  experience and demonstrated excellence in teaching first-year composition and a commitment to working with undergraduates;  publications or strong promise for publications, and a clear research trajectory. experience working with  people of diverse cultures and identities, and potential to contribute to one or more departmental, college, or university  priorities will be especially valued. applicants should be aware of jesuit educational philosophy, the social justice  mission of the university, and the goals of the department of english  at santa clara university. the following secondary qualifications would be also be valuable: 1) experience in developing internships or advising  students on writing careers, 2) evidence of effective leadership and/or interest in writing program administration and/ or assessment. NA department, the multicultural student population we serve, and the learning opportunities we offer. NA and an equal opportunity /affirmative action employer,  committed to excellence through diversity; in this  spirit we particularly welcome applications from women, persons of color, and members of historically underrepresented  groups. the university will provide reasonable accommodations to all qualified individuals with a disability.  rank and salary: assistant professor, salary and benefits competitive, includes housing assistance program. starting  date: september 1, 2014 application procedure: applicants should review complete job posting at http:// www .scu .edu/ hr/ careers/ faculty .cfm  and send cv and a letter of application describing teaching philosophy and research plan that could be implemented  in a department that serves only undergraduate students by oct 10 to https:// apply .interfolio .com/ 22231............. email inquiries  may be directed to director of writing and associate chair of english, simone billings, sbillings@ scu .edu or  search committee chair, eileen elrod, eelrod@ scu .edu. this listing was submitted to the jil on 28 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. santa clara u english, 