the department of english  at the university of massachusetts dartmouth invites applications for a tenure track assistant  professor position with teaching and research expertise in public relations. the english  department at umass dartmouth houses the studies of communication within its developing writing,  rhetoric, and communications track and a minor in communications. the candidate will have the demonstrated  ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in pr and mass or strategic communications and additional areas  of communications such as journalism, speech communications, intercultural communications, new/social media, etc.  research interests should reflect contemporary pr issues, theory and practice. candidates should be prepared to contribute  to curriculum development emphasizing integration of social and new media. teaching expectations are three  courses per semester.  requirements: phd in public relations, communication, mass communication, strategic communication, or  closely related field, with demonstrated potential for scholarly publication and demonstrated success with university  level teaching. work experience in public relations is required. abd applicants will be considered, but phd must be  completed by august 2015 for contract renewal. to apply candidates should submit online cover letter, cv, teaching statement, three letters of recommendation, and  NA confirming award of terminal degree will also be required for consideration for contract renewal (prior to september  1, 2015). completion of the search is contingent on the availability of funding. formal review of applications begins november  22, 2013, and continues until the position is filled. preliminary interviews will be held at the mla convention in  chicago in january 2014. the university of massachusetts dartmouth reserves the right to conduct background checks on potential employees.  umass dartmouth is an affirmative action, equal opportunity, title ix employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 20 december  2013. u of massachusetts, dartmouth english,  285 old westport rd north dartmouth ma 02747