 the english  department at cleveland state university invites applications for a tenure-track position in early modern  non-dramatic english  literature, at the rank of assistant professor, to begin august 18, 2014. secondary specialization  in poetics, early modern religion, feminism/gender studies or other theoretical approaches, preferred. the successful  candidate will be expected to teach our survey of early british literature as well as a range of intermediate and  advanced courses in early modern poetry and/or prose. teaching will be at both undergraduate and graduate levels,  including opportunities to direct ma theses. the successful candidate will be expected to carry on an active research  program and to contribute to department and university service. position is contingent upon maintaining existing  levels of funding from the state. ph.d. in english  or comparative literature by july 1, 2014, with a specialization in non-dramatic english  literature of  the 16th and/or 17th centuries; ability to teach a one-semester survey of british literature from the middle ages to the  18th century; evidence of research promise in the form of publications, conferences, and other demonstrations.  preferred qualifications: record of scholarly achievement in the field of 16th/17th century english  literature. demonstrated teaching success.  ability to teach courses in early modern poetry. secondary specialization in poetics, early modern religion, feminism/ gender studies or other theoretical approaches.  applications: applications will be exclusively accepted online at: http://hrjobs.csuohio.edu/applicants/central?quickfind=52741.  mailed or emailed application materials will not be accepted. you will be asked to complete name and contact information,  and upload the following documents: (a) letter of application (b) curriculum vitae, (c) teaching philosophy, and (d) names and contact information of 3  references the deadline for applications is october 30, 2013. offer of employment is contingent on satisfactory completion of the university's verification of credentials and other  information required by law and/or university policies or practices, including but not limited to a criminal background  check. university overview: NA and even more focus on helping our students succeed. come and see why cleveland state university won a northcoast  NA find the spirit of a growing urban university as well as extraordinary benefits including free undergraduate tuition for  yourself and your dependents. we also provide attractive and affordable health plan choices with dental, vision, life  insurance and disability coverage. even some part-time positions are eligible for health coverage as well. cleveland state university is an aa/eoe committed to nondiscrimination. m/f/d/v encouraged. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 1 november 2013. cleveland su english, 