 the english  department at bridgewater state university is interested in locating a colleague to contribute to our vibrant  and growing writing and writing studies concentration. preferred applicants should have research and teaching interests in rhetorical theory, composition theory, and the history  of rhetoric; secondary areas might include, but are not limited to, visual digital rhetorics, multimodal writing,  second language writing and wac. teach first year composition, advanced composition and rhetoric, and courses of  special interest; contribute to the development of courses in rhetorical theory and the history of rhetoric. applicants should be willing to participate in the university's first year composition program or develop courses to  meet general education requirements including first and second year seminar. the department seeks a colleague  committed to the ongoing development of its expanded writing and writing studies minor and concentration. the  candidate joins a vibrant campus that includes a thriving writing studio, writing across the curriculum program,  second language services, and undergraduate research program. the ideal candidate demonstrates interest in working  with a diverse student body. review of applications will begin october 15. applications received by then will receive early consideration. required minimum qualifications ph.d. in english  with a specialization in rhetoric and composition. applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and to working in a multicultural environment  that fosters diversity. they should also have an ability to use technology effectively in teaching and learning,  the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher education. salary: commensurate with qualifications and experience apply online at   this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 4 december  2013. bridgewater su english,  45 school st 340 tillinghast hall bridgewater ma 02325