the english  and humanities department at alfred state invites applications for an assistant professor in rhetoric  and/or composition. this is a full-time, tenure-track position. primary teaching responsibilities will include first- year writing and introductory literature courses that may require skill in online and digital modes of instruction;  additional responsibilities will include curriculum and course development, student advisement, program and course  assessment, committee service, and ongoing professional development through scholarly activities. the position begins  fall 2014 and applications are being reviewed immediately as they are received. this listing was submitted to the jil on 26 november 2013 and was available online from 27 november 2013 through 8 january 2014.  bard c lang & lit, annandale-on-hudson ny 12504 http://www.bard.edu english,  american literature-assistant professor 19189 https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21943 NA of english,  preferably specializing in american literature, and with additional competence in american studies, to  begin fall 2014. we are looking for an exceptional scholar and teacher who focuses on american literature, preferably  of the nineteenth century, but who possesses sufficient breadth to teach all three courses in our american literature  sequence (from the seventeenth-century  through and beyond the twentieth-century). the candidate should demonstrate facility in multiple literary and cultural genres; areas of expertise could include, but  are not limited to: the novel, poetry and poetics, literature in its political and philosophical contexts, native american  studies, and transatlantic studies. the successful candidate will also be expected to contribute to the general education  curriculum at bard. candidate must hold a ph.d. or be nearing its completion this year. please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, a 20-page writing sample and three letters of recommendation to: https://  secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 21943 by november 15, 2013. bard college is an equal opportunity employer  and we  welcome applications from those who contribute to our diversity. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. bard c lang & lit, annandale-on-hudson ny 12504 http://writtenarts.bard.edu writer in residence 21028 http://apply.interfolio.com/24960 the written arts program is seeking an established writer for a three-year half-time position in fiction as a writer in  residence in the written arts program. candidates must have at least one published book of fiction, a mfa or the  equivalent, teaching experience, and must be committed to the ideals of a small liberal arts college. candidates will be  expected to teach workshops at various levels and to work closely with students one-on-one in senior project advising  and general academic advising. for more information about the written arts program at bard visit: http:// writtenarts .bard .edu. bard college is a highly selective college of liberal arts and sciences, located 90 miles north of new york  city in the hudson valley. for more information on bard, visit http:// www .bard .edu//. to apply, please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, sample syllabi, a sample of fiction, and three confidential  letters of recommendation at: http:// apply .interfolio .com/ 24960. applications will be reviewed immediately. bard  college is an equal opportunity employer  and we welcome applications from those who will contribute to our diversity.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 may 2014 and was available online from 9 may 2014 through 20 june 2014. bard high school early college queens NA