the english  department at worcester state university invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor beginning  september 2014. the individual hired will be responsible for developing courses for a new minor in writing,  teaching first year as well as advanced writing courses, advising english  majors, and contributing to the overall success  of the department and university. requirements: qualifications include a phd in rhetoric and composition, writing studies, or english  with a rhetoric and composition  specialization in hand by september 1, 2014. candidates with research and teaching interests in one or more  of the following are encouraged to apply: public writing, professional writing, writing for social action, advocacy  studies, digital and or participatory journalism. also valued are candidates with experience or secondary interest in  the rhetorical practices of under represented groups or writing assessment. the ability to teach undergraduate literature  and or undergraduate critical theory courses as needed is also desirable. the new hire will have the opportunity  to teach graduate courses in rhetoric and composition theory.  additional information: **interested applicants should submit the following materials by december 1 for full consideration: letter, cv, three  letters of recommendation, statements of teaching and research, writing sample. worcester state university is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  m f d v. women and minorities  are strongly encouraged to apply. application instructions: please apply online through interview exchange by visiting the following website: www .worcester .interviewexchange .com please submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, original transcripts(non student issue) of highest degree, and  3 signed letters of reference dated within six months of the posting date. information which cannot be uploaded  by the applicant may be sent to the following email address: jrodriguez7@ worcester .edu, faxed to 508 929 8163 or  mailed to: human resources dept director of human resources worcester state university 486 chandler street worcester, ma 01602 2597 this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 3 january 2014. michigan adrian c