design and teach upper division and graduate courses in african american literature and american literature of the  19th and early 20th centuries. secondary specialties might include antebellum race studies, ethnic and immigrant  literature, literature of the progressive era and transnational american literature. design and teach lower division  courses, including a survey of american literature, general education courses in literature or first year composition.  advise undergraduate students. continuing scholarly activity and active participation in departmental and university  wide professional activities are expected. as bridgewater state is a teaching university, the usual expectation is a four  course responsibility each semester. research grants and leadership in service initiatives may substitute for teaching  responsibilities. required minimum qualifications: ph.d. in english  with a specialization in african american literature by august 2014. college teaching experience is  required. applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and to working in a multicultural environment  that fosters diversity. they should also have the ability to use technology effectively in teaching and learning,  the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher education. foremost among bsu's institutional values is a commitment to diversity, inclusion, and social justice. applicants  should be able to demonstrate a strong commitment to working with a diverse student body, including first generation  college students, students of color, and those from families of modest means. as part of its commitment to student  and faculty success, bsu, located 45 minutes from boston and providence, features small class sizes (an average of 18  in english)  and numerous opportunities for undergraduate research with faculty members. this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 20 december  2013.  c of the holy cross english,  1 college st worcester ma 01610   tenure track faculty appointment in multi ethnic literatures of the united states 19621     the department of english  at the college of the holy cross invites applications for a full time tenure track faculty  appointment in multi ethnic literatures of the united states, with a specialization in latino/a literature and an emphasis  on poetry or drama preferred. during a typical academic year, teaching responsibilities would include two  introductory courses on literary genres; one intermediate survey of american literature; and two courses in latino/a  NA one semester research leave prior to tenure review and generous sabbatical and fellowship leaves for tenured faculty.  we invite candidates to learn more about our department at   will begin on november 1, 2013 and will continue through december. ph.d. in hand is required. candidates must demonstrate commitment to, and excellence in, undergraduate teaching as  well as scholarly achievement. the college of the holy cross uses interfolio to collect faculty job applications electronically. please submit a letter  of application, a current curriculum vitae, a statement on teaching philosophy and interest, copies of transcripts, and  three letters of recommendation to   to susan elizabeth sweeney, acting chair, department of english,  college of the holy cross, worcester, ma 01610. the college of the holy cross is a highly selective catholic liberal arts college in the jesuit tradition. it enrolls about  2,900 students and is located in worcester, massachusetts, a medium sized city 45 miles west of boston. the college  seeks faculty members whose scholarship, teaching, advising, and on and off campus service demonstrate commitment  to the educational benefits of a richly diverse community. holy cross aspires to meet the needs of dual career  couples, in part through its membership in the higher education consortium of central massachusetts and the new  england  higher education recruitment consortium (  employment opportunity employer  and complies with all federal and massachusetts laws concerning equal opportunity  and affirmative action in the workplace. this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 13 december  2013. c of the holy cross english,  1 college st worcester ma 01610   jenks chair in contemporary american letters 20593   the english  department at the college of the holy cross seeks applications and nominations for its prestigious jenks  chair in contemporary american letters. the jenks chair teaches three undergraduate seminars per year, sponsors  two public lectures or readings annually, and conducts an annual seminar for college faculty. programming funds,  as well as discretionary funds for professional development, are available. the initial two or three year appointment  will begin in august, 2014; a single renewal is possible up to a maximum of five years. salary and benefits will be  competitive with comparable appointments nationwide. the english  department particularly seeks candidates who  might contribute to our creative writing program, which offers an academic concentration in poetry, fiction, or  nonfiction and hosts the working writers series, bringing several writers to campus for craft talks and readings each  NA exploration across disciplines. we invite candidates to learn more about our department at   holycross.edu/english/  and about the college at   this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 january 2014 and was available online from 3 january 2014 through 28 march 2014.  clark u english,  950 main st worcester ma 01610