the penn state university libraries in partnership with the college of the liberal arts seek a creative, forward  thinking scholar for the new position of digital humanities research designer(dhrd). the dhrd will be familiar  with a range of technologies and have direct experience bringing digital approaches to bear on research and  teaching. this position will work as an intellectual partner with faculty, students, and staff in the college of the  liberal arts and collaborate with humanities faculty and library colleagues to expand modes of humanistic research  through emerging and existing technologies. this is a 3 year, non tenure track appointment based in the publishing  and curation services department within the university libraries. it carries the rank of assistant librarian and  reports to the digital content strategist, but it will be jointly funded by the university libraries and the college of  the liberal arts. responsibilities include: working directly with researchers to provide project definition and analysis,  such as project scope, requirements, specifications and or design; evaluating existing tools and technologies, and investigating  emerging technologies to identify potential uses in humanities research; prototype demonstration projects  and or implement tools for use by others; collaborate with colleagues to help ensure harmony among various technology  infrastructures and needs. requires an advanced degree in a humanities field; demonstrated proficiency fluency  with one or more technologies commonly used in digital humanities projects, such as database design and development,  xml encoding, gis, data visualization, topic modeling, social network analysis, etc.; experience using digital  humanities tools and approaches in his or her own research; and experience teaching or leading workshops on digital  humanities tools and or methods to faculty and students. a phd in a humanities field; experience with development  and management of projects, grants, and or budgets; and a record of professional presentations and or publication are  preferred. apply by sending a cover letter, resume, and contact information of three references to lap225@ psu .edu.  reference box dhrd mla in the email subject line. review of candidates will begin on 9 30 2013. employment  will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with university policies. penn state is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce. for a more complete  description of responsibilities and position requirements, please visit   facjobs .html this listing was submitted to the jil on 30 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013.  penn state u, abington arts & hum div, 1600 woodland rd abington pa 19001