assistant associate professor (tenure track) british literature department of english job id: 9948 york college cuny faculty vacancy announcement the department of english  at york college cuny invites applications for british literature (pre 1900s). we invite  applicants working in any area of pre twentieth century british literature and are particularly interested in applicants  whose research and teaching reflects an interest in digital humanities.  the successful candidate will also have the ability to teach british literature, including early modern and or 17th  18th century, as well as general education courses in literature and writing. to begin september 1, 2014, candidates must have an earned doctorate, in hand, by that date. york is a senior college  of the city university of new york located in southeast queens. qualifications ph.d. in literature or related field is required. also required are the ability to teach successfully, demonstrated scholarship  or achievement, and ability to cooperate with others for the good of the institution. compensation cuny offers faculty a competitive compensation and benefits package covering health insurance, pension and retirement  benefits, paid parental leave, and savings programs. we also provide mentoring and support for research, scholarship,  and publication as part of our commitment to ongoing faculty professional development. rank and salary are commensurate with qualifications and experience. summer teaching may be possible. how to apply candidates for faculty positions should minimally provide a cv resume and statement of scholarly interests. additional  requirements may appear below. please submit your application online through this job board as follows:  go to www .cuny .edu and click on employment  select "apply now" then create or login to a user account and provide the requested information.  click on job postings on cunyfirst  click search job listings  click on more search options  search by job opening id number 9948 *in order to be considered for this position, applicants must submit a letter of interest, current curriculum vitae, and  sample publication or researched writing, and contact information for three references. please upload these as one  document in rtf, doc, or pdf format. closing date march 11, 2014 equal employment opportunity we are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities,  minorities, veterans, and women to apply. we take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence  through diversity and inclusion. eo aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 11 february 2014 and was available online from 14 february 2014 through 28 march 2014. north carolina appalachian su english, 