the english  department at utah state university invites applicants for a full time, tenure track position in technical  and professional writing. preferred areas of research specialization are not limited to but could include new communication  technologies, civic engagement/social justice, science writing, or intercultural communication. the position  is available august 2014 at a competitive salary. the successful applicant will maintain an active research agenda and publication record; participate in university and  scholarly service; and contribute to the english  ba emphasis in professional and technical writing, the online ms in  technical writing, and the phd program in theory and practice of professional communication. for further information  about these programs, see techcomm .usu .edu. we seek applicants who can also work in an interdisciplinary  fashion with colleagues in other areas of the department. the teaching load is research supportive. candidates should  be prepared to teach graduate and undergraduate courses in traditional and online environments on topics such as  digital media, editing, information design and visual rhetoric, and international/intercultural communication. utah state university is a carnegie research university (high research activity) of 22,000 students, located in  logan, utah. visit www .usu .edu/ greats/............................................................................ for details. women, minority, veteran, and disabled candidates are encouraged  to apply. utah state university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. required:  a doctorate in technical communication or related field (e.g., rhetoric, information systems, instructional technology,  human computer interaction, english)  demonstrated research agenda  record of successful teaching  willingness to teach online and to work with graduate students   effective interpersonal communication skills to apply: along with the online application, please attach a letter of application and a current vita. please also submit separately  a placement center dossier containing letters of reference to dr. jeannie b. thomas, utah state university, department  of english,  3200 old main hill, logan, ut 84322 3200. applicants must apply electronically:   .edu/ applicants/ central?quickfind=59353........................................................................ a writing sample and documentation of successful teaching may be requested  later. this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. westminster c