the department of humanities at michigan technological university invites applications for an assistant professor of  english. requirements: ph.d. or equivalent in english  by time of appointment; record of teaching excellence; evidence of  research and/or scholarly potential. candidate should have expertise in pre-1800 or early modern british literature.  candidates should also be prepared to teach early modern drama, early modern poetry and prose, literary theory and  survey on british literature and major authors. methodological interests may include literary history, cultural studies,  materialist approaches (corporeal, economic and technological), and comparative literature. special interests in global  or transnational cultures and approaches to english  literature are especially welcome. the department's graduate and undergraduate programs afford faculty unique opportunities to teach and engage in  research that both shapes and benefits from a rich multi-disciplinary environment. the department offers doctoral and  master degrees in the interdisciplinary rhetoric and technical communication program and undergraduate major  degrees in english,  including english  with a concentration in secondary education; liberal arts; communication,  culture, and media; and scientific and technical communication. the usual tenure-track teaching load is 2 courses  (6 hrs.) per semester. please see our website: http:// www .mtu .edu/ humanities please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three confidential letters of recommendation to: dr. kette thomas chair, english  search committee department of humanities michigan technological university 1400 townsend drive houghton, mi 49931-1295 finalists will be asked to send statements of research and teaching interests (single page each), evidence of teaching effectiveness,  and a 20-page writing sample. appointment begins august 2014. deadline for submission of applications  is november 15, 2013. michigan technological university is an equal opportunity educational institution/equal opportunity employer. michigan tech is an internationally renowned doctoral research university, with a diverse community of 7,000 undergraduate  and graduate students and cross-disciplinary faculty. located on lake superior in houghton, mi, its  community offers year-round recreational and cultural opportunities. michigan tech is an advance institution, one of a limited number of universities in receipt of nsf funds in support  of our commitment to increase diversity and the participation and advancement of women in stem. NA and to explore employment opportunities. (www .dual .mtu .edu) this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013.  northern michigan u english, 