the university of kansas is seeking a director for the center for teaching excellence, an organization that serves to  build community among faculty members and helps make student learning visible by encouraging the scholarship of  teaching, stimulating educational innovation and research on learning, supporting faculty development and instructional  creativity, and advocating for and recognizing teaching excellence. the director is responsible for planning,  NA on campus teaching initiatives. qualifications: a doctoral degree, experience, and accomplishments demonstrating eligibility for appointment in an  academic department at the university of kansas either as a tenured full professor or, alternatively, as a non tenure  track member of the teaching faculty; exceptional communication and collaborative skills to facilitate effective and  collegial relationships within the university and promote awareness of the importance of high quality teaching and  learning; evidence of commitment to the development and support of programs that foster excellence and innovation  in teaching and learning across disciplines; three years of prior administrative experience and budgetary responsibility  and or a demonstrated capacity for leadership; record of activities in the assessment of teaching, program development,  course redesign, and the scholarship of teaching and learning; evidence of the ability to cultivate and foster ties  within the teaching and learning community on campus, nationally, and or internationally. preferred qualifications: experience as a tenured full professor; evidence of success in fostering a climate in which  faculty members are encouraged and rewarded for innovative and high quality teaching and learning in a large, public  research university; evidence of active involvement in the national and or international discussion on teaching and  learning; record of publication in the scholarship of teaching and learning; significant involvement with programs in  learning assessment and course redesign; demonstrated ability to conduct translational or applied research; successful  record of external funding. terms of appointment: this is a 12 month, 0.75 director 0.25 professor or senior lecturer position. the director  serves at the pleasure of the vice provost for faculty development. application: this position is available beginning july 1, 2014. while applications and nominations will be accepted  until the director is selected, applicants are encouraged to apply by january 31, 2014 in order to receive optimal  consideration. applicants must include a curriculum vita, a statement of interest addressing the position qualifications, and names,  addresses, and telephone numbers of three references who may be contacted. there will be no further reference  checks without approval of the applicant. applications, nominations, and inquiries should be submitted electronically  to ku human resources at:   47&areq=50br.  background: the ku center for teaching excellence was established in 1997. cte is truly a grassroots organization.  faculty initiated its development and continue to guide its programs through a board of faculty members and a group  NA and to help them make student learning visible. to fulfill these goals, cte leaders convene faculty members and instructional  staff in order to: * provide campus leadership for initiatives and programs that support advancements in teaching and learning. * facilitate efficient and effective methods for improving learning (for example, www .cte .ku .edu  resources   mentorvideos). * assist faculty with representing the intellectual work they do in teaching, including developing portfolios (see www  .cte .ku .edu  gallery). * lead workshops, conferences, and discussion forums on teaching and learning in higher education. * publish newsletters, research reports, and other works on the scholarship of teaching. * assist academic units in developing effective procedures to assess and document student learning. * participate actively in campus and national initiatives related to the scholarship of teaching. the university of kansas lawrence, university of kansas medical center, the university of kansas school of medicine  wichita and its affiliated locations are equal opportunity affirmative action employers. the university of kansas prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin,  age, ancestry, disability, status as a veteran, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, gender identity, gender expression  and genetic information in the university's programs and activities. the following person has been designated  to handle inquiries regarding the non discrimination policies: director of the office of institutional opportunity and  access, ioa@ ku .edu, 1246 w. campus road, room 153a, lawrence, ks, 66045, (785) 864 6414, 711 tty. arrangements will be made if you have a disability that requires an accommodation in completing the application  form or in interviewing. please notify human resources at (785) 864 4946 in advance so necessary arrangements can  be made. this listing was submitted to the jil on 23 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 20 january 2014. u of kansas english,  1445 jayhawk blvd, 3001 wescoe hall lawrence ks 66045