00103611 college of humanities and social sciences the department of english  at north carolina state university seeks applications for a tenure track assistant professor  position in the theory and/or history of film and/or moving images (including digital media). we seek candidates  who can enrich and expand our current strengths in american and european cinema and who possess a strong record  of scholarship and teaching. areas of specialization are open, although we are particularly interested in candidates able  to teach courses exploring the social, historical, and aesthetic aspects of cinema in a global moving image context. NA ncsu offers a film major, an english  major with a film concentration, an ma in english  with a film concentration,  and a phd in communications, rhetoric, and digital media (with which film faculty may choose to affiliate). candidates  are expected to maintain an active research and publication program and to participate in both professional  and university service. in addition, there will be opportunities for leadership and program administration (with corresponding  reductions in teaching load). a growing digital humanities initiative at ncsu (part of a triangle university consortium that includes duke and  unc-chapel hill and is tied to the national humanities center) provides another avenue for research as well as  leadership. the triangle area boasts a rich film culture at the university, museum, as well as theatrical level. film faculty  regularly mentor student fellows for the full frame documentary festival that takes place every spring and are  involved in the film culture of the triangle. film studies has programs in prague, amsterdam, and london, where  the successful candidate might elect to spend part of a summer teaching. NA appropriate for rank. information about department and programs: the english  department at nc state offers a wide array of programs  at the undergraduate and graduate levels: a b.a. in english  (with concentrations in creative writing; film; language,  writing & rhetoric; literature, and teacher education), an m.a. in english  (with concentrations in british & american  literature, linguistics, creative writing, rhetoric & composition, and world literature), an m.s. in technical  NA the english  department also offers an interdisciplinary ph.d. program in communication, rhetoric, and digital  media. instructions for applicants: please use the nc state university employment web portal (http:// jobs .ncsu .edu) and  search for position 00103611 to apply; we cannot consider applications submitted in any other way. you can go to the  posting directly by using this link, https:// jobs .ncsu .edu/ postings/ 29009. upload letter of application (addressed to  antony h. harrison, department head, and referencing the position title assistant professor in film studies and position  number,00103611, cv, and contact information for at least three references. three letters of reference, a writing  sample, and teaching materials and evaluations may be requested later. screening of applications will begin november  15 and will continue until position is filled. aa/eoe. inclusiveness and diversity are academic imperatives and thus are university goals. we are particularly  interested in candidates who have experience working with students from diverse backgrounds and a demonstrated  commitment to improving access to higher education for students from underrepresented groups. in addition, nc  state welcomes all persons without regard to sexual orientation or genetic information. persons with disabilities requiring  accommodations in the application and interview process please call (919) 515-3148. final candidates are  subject to criminal & sex offender background checks. some vacancies also require credit or motor vehicle checks. if  highest degree is from an institution outside of the u.s., final candidates are required to have their degree verified at  www .wes .org. degree must be obtained prior to start date. nc state university participates in e-verify. federal law requires all employers  to verify the identity and employment  eligibility of all persons hired to work in the united states. this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 6 december 2013.  u of north carolina, asheville