 the department of humanities and media studies (hms) in the school of liberal arts and sciences at pratt institute  invites applications for a full time tenure track faculty position at the assistant professor rank, available fall 2014.  the department offers two degree programs: the longstanding b.f.a. in creative writing and the new m.a in media  studies, as well as minors in cinema studies, creative writing, literature and writing, media. as we continue to build our ma program in media studies, we seek exceptional candidates, particularly media theorists/ practitioners with a focus on critical race theory and racism, postcolonial theory, feminism and/or queer theory.  the ideal candidate will be fluent in critical theory, committed to social justice, and eager to work with a cohort of  enthusiastic faculty and students on building and shaping our graduate program. area(s) of specialization must include  one or more of the fields indicated above as related to social media, gaming, various forms of screen imaging, coding,  media archeology, technologies of sensuality and/or computation. work that has a definite relation to issues of geo  politics, financialization, militarism, imperialism, global inequality, activism, and/or cultural/social difference on a  world scale is a plus. for a complete position description, qualifications and to apply: please visit our online applicant system at   writing and other work if relevant. your dossier containing three professional letters of reference should be sent electronically  to jbeller@ pratt .edu or via mail to: chair, media studies search committee, humanities and media studies department, graduate program in media studies, pratt institute 200 willoughby avenue brooklyn, ny 11205 review of applications will begin on november 29, 2013 and continue until the position is filled. pratt institute is an equal opportunityemployer  and recognizes and values  the benefits of a diverse workforce [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 31 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 24 january 2014. rensselaer polytechnic inst