georgia state university invites applications for a tenure eligible professor to head its new global studies institute to  start august 2014, pending budgetary approval. serving as an integral part of one of five central pillars of the university's  strategic plan, the founding director will build teams of interdisciplinary faculty from the college and university  to research global problems, oversee the creation and expansion of undergraduate and graduate degree programs and  certificates in international studies, expand the university's language offerings in targeted regions, foster the integration  of global awareness and competence throughout the undergraduate curriculum, and highlight the university's  prominence in global studies by sponsoring conferences, colloquia, and symposia. the successful candidate will (1) hold an earned doctorate in a discipline related to the position; (2) possess a demonstrated  record of recent and prominent scholar administrator experience and a proven ability to build international  research teams; (3) have an extensive external funding portfolio facilitating the development of globally oriented institutes,  centers, or consortiums; (4) be dedicated to the educational goals of a diverse student body and faculty; (5) have  a strong vision for developing university partnerships with governmental agencies, ngos, and related businesses; and  (6) be able to effectively promote georgia state's reputation as a global institution of excellence. preference will be  given to scholars whose research programs, regardless of discipline, will position them to provide innovative leadership  in the fields of conflict and post conflict studies. in close proximity to atlanta's hartsfield international airport and located in the heart of downtown atlanta, georgia  state university is a carnegie doctoral research extensive university that attracts students from every county in  NA institution, offering 55 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in more than 250 fields of study in its eight college  and schools. as the only urban research university in georgia, it offers educational opportunities for traditional  and nontraditional students at both the graduate and undergraduate levels. NA 24 departments, schools and institutes and 23 interdisciplinary research centers and programs across four distinct academic  NA NA notch faculty, world class facilities, and all the opportunities of a global city. furthermore, the college provides the  NA of over 600 includes top notch instructors, artists, and researchers, many of whom are internationally recognized  as leading scholars in their field. all applications should include a letter of interest; a curriculum vita; and the names, phone numbers and email addresses  of three references. review of materials will begin on january 31, 2014 and continue until the position is  filled. please send applications to dr. william downs, search committee chair, p.o. box 4038, georgia state university,  atlanta, ga 30302 4038. for additional information, please contact dr. downs at wdowns2@ gsu .edu. georgia state university is a unit of the university system of georgia and an equal opportunity affirmative action  employer.  an offer of employment will be contingent on background verification. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 14 march 2014. mercer u, macon english,  1400 coleman av macon ga 31207