 the department of english  at gettysburg college seeks candidates for a three year position as visiting assistant professor  of american literature before 1900 to start in august 2014. we seek candidates whose teaching and scholarship  takes a hemispheric or multiethnic approach to the period. the 3 3 teaching load will include first year seminars,  introduction to college writing, broad intermediate level courses, specialized upper level courses, and contributions  to our interdisciplinary programs. the successful candidate will combine a commitment to excellent undergraduate  teaching and advising with a vibrant research agenda. candidates should have ph.d. in hand by the time of  appointment. please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and writing sample of no more than 30 pages to professor elizabeth  duquette, american literature search chair, department of english,  campus box 397, gettysburg college,  gettysburg, pa 17325. requests for dossiers will be made after an initial review; interviews will be conducted at the  mla convention. electronic applications will not be accepted. application materials should be postmarked by monday,  november 11, 2013. gettysburg college is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 90 minutes of the baltimore washington  metropolitan area. established in 1832, the college has a rich history and is situated on a 220 acre campus with an  enrollment of over 2,600 students. gettysburg college celebrates diversity and welcomes applications from members  of any group that has been historically underrepresented in the american academy. the college assures equal employment  opportunity and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, sexual  orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, and disability. this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. indiana u of pennsylvania english, 