st. lawrence university invites applications for a tenure track appointment in modern and contemporary american  literature (twentieth century  through present). facility in contemporary british literature and in narratology narrative  theory is also desirable. the successful candidate will offer introductory surveys and upper division courses in  NA per semester. ph.d. required. the successful candidate will join a department with a commitment to excellence in  teaching, and to a program founded upon the essential relationship between creative expression and the study of literature.  we welcome applications from candidates who bring diverse cultural, ethnic, theoretical, and national perspectives  to bear on their writing and teaching. position begins august 2014. the university seeks excellence through diversity among its administrators, faculty, staff and students and prohibits  discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or  expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. applications by members of all underrepresented groups are  encouraged. please submit through interfolio (using email address sson@ stlawu .edu) a letter of application, a cv,  and sample syllabi for two relevant courses to modern and contemporary american literature search committee,  department of english,  richardson hall, st. lawrence university, canton, ny 13617. review of applications will  begin on november 15, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled. located in canton, n.y., st. lawrence university is a coeducational, private, independent liberal arts institution of  about 2,400 students. the educational opportunities at st. lawrence inspire students and prepare them to be critical  and creative thinkers, to find a compass for their lives and careers, and to pursue knowledge and understanding for the  benefit of themselves, humanity and the planet. through its focus on active engagement with ideas in and beyond the  classroom, a st. lawrence education leads students to make connections that transform lives and communities, from  NA .stlawu .edu. slu is an affirmative action equal employment opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 13 december  2013. saint lawrence u english, 