 the department of english  at washington state university in pullman, wa seeks a full-time, permanent, tenure- track assistant professor specializing in english  education, starting august 2014. a carnegie ru/vh university,  wsu has one of the largest and most distinctive teacher preparation programs in the state. minimum qualifications  include ph.d. in hand by august 15, 2014, in english,  english  education, education, or closely related field; teaching  record in secondary schools and at undergraduate level; and a promising and/or proven research agenda. the department welcomes applications from beginning professors through early career associates; however, any appointment  will be made at the assistant professor rank. candidates with strengths in one or more of the following  areas are particularly welcome: young adult literature and literacy; critical literacy and rhetorics; cultural rhetorics;  multimodal reading and composing; visual literacy and rhetorics; socially conscious pedagogies; online pedagogies  including the use of electronic portfolios, collaborative spaces, and/or social media; assessment. faculty in the department of english  NA course releases are available in pre-tenure years. the department and university provide generous support for  research and conference travel, including competitive academic year and summer fellowships. applicants should submit a letter of application addressing the qualifications (cover letter), a current comprehensive  NA via https:// www .wsujobs .com/ postings/ 8793. screening will begin february 26, 2014, and will continue until  the position is filled. wsu is committed to excellence through diversity and faculty-friendly policy action, including partner accommodation  and nsf advance institutional transformation programs (http:// www .advance .wsu .edu/). washington state  university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action educator and employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 31 january 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 4 april 2014. western washington u english, 