florida international university's department of english  invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position at  the level of assistant professor, specializing in early american literature, to begin in the fall of 2014. we are looking  for a ph.d. in english,  with specialty in early american literatures (from 1600s up through 1860s) and/or cultural  studies; transnational perspectives welcome. strong preference will be given to candidates who also demonstrate expertise  in the digital humanities. applications should show scholarly activity and teaching experience. candidates  should have their degree in hand by august 2014. position is contingent upon funding. qualified candidates are encouraged to apply online to job opening id 506764 at careers .fiu .edu................ and electronically  attach, in a single pdf file, a letter of application, a cv, a statement of teaching philosophy, and a representative  sample of scholarly work. additionally, three or more recommendation letters should be sent to dr. bruce a. harvey  NA NA and required materials should be received by december 1, 2013. review will continue until the position is filled. florida international university is a comprehensive university offering 340 majors in 188 degree programs in 23 colleges  NA public health, law, journalism, hospitality, and architecture. fiu is carnegie-designated as both a research university  with high research activity and a community-engaged university. located in the heart of the dynamic south florida  urban region, our multiple campuses serve over 50,000 students, placing fiu among the ten largest universities in  the nation. our annual research expenditures in excess of $100 million and our deep commitment to engagement  have made fiu the go-to solutions center for issues ranging from local to global. fiu leads the nation in granting   NA NA NA fiu is a member of the state university system of florida and is an equal opportunity, equal access affirmative action  employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 13 december 2013. florida intl u english, 