 NA growing and requires outstanding faculty in several disciplines to start by august 2014. for details, please visit www  .scgssm .org. as part of our new engineering accelerate program, we are seeking an exceptional english  instructor. applicants  should have a ph.d. in english,  and a love of teaching. desired qualifications include a strong content background  in english,  experience in teaching english  at college or advanced high school levels, knowledge and application of  technology, an understanding of gifted learners, and enthusiasm for teaching motivated and talented high school  aged students. candidates familiar with teaching distance education (virtual) courses, as well as candidates with prior  engineering experience, are particularly encouraged to apply. general academic advising, and occasional evening  weekend commitments are a regular part of faculty responsibilities. accelerate is being developed by gssm to cultivate the next generation of creative engineers and technical leaders by  offering motivated high school students from across south carolina an innovative and accelerated path toward college  engineering degrees. the instructor selected for the teaching position will work with other accelerate faculty to  develop an integrated engineering curriculum that will be taught virtually to high school students throughout south  carolina. in particular, this instructor will be responsible for developing and teaching english  courses that will be  taught concurrently and integrated with engineering, mathematics and science courses. this is a full time (10 month) teaching position, with full benefits available. a public school teaching certificate is not  required. salary is competitive and commensurate with credentials, experience and unique capabilities. please apply electronically. forward a cover letter, resume and teaching statement, along with the gssm application  available at www .scgssm .org  employment, prior to december 6, 2013 (for early consideration). forward all materials to email address: gssmpersonnel@ gssm .k12 .sc .us NA in the subject line. the s.c. gssm is an equal opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 31 january 2014. sc governors school for science & math 401 railroad avenue hartsville sc 29550