full time, non tenure track position in english.  one year position with possibility of renewal. we seek an excellent  teacher of composition to join our large, diverse, and collaborative department of english.  responsibilities include  teaching primarily first year and sophomore level required composition courses (eng 100 and 200), including innovative  intercultural classes that integrate native and non native speakers of english  NA of eng 100 for non native speakers. NA or a related field; record of excellent college level teaching in  composition; excellent written communication skills; intercultural sensitivity; potential for success in teaching english  language learners. preferred qualifications: ph.d. in english  or a related field; training and/or experience relevant to teaching non  native speakers of english;  relevant international experience; successful experience teaching students from diverse  backgrounds; excellent oral communication skills. the university of dayton, founded in 1850 by the society of mary, is a top ten catholic research university. the  university seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence  in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and service   in the local and global community. for department information, visit   to attain its catholic and marianist mission, the university is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion and  affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. we act affirmatively to recruit and hire women,  traditionally under represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans. apply online only by april 22, 2014 at   page statement of teaching philosophy, and unofficial copies of graduate transcripts. in addition, for a complete application,  two letters of recommendation addressing teaching ability must be submitted on line by april 28. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 5 april 2014 and was available online from 11 april 2014 through 19 may 2014. u of dayton english,  300 college park dayton oh 45469