job vacancy notice job id: 8905 location: college of staten island full part time: full time  regular temporary: regular the department of education, at the college of staten island, invites applications for faculty position as an assistant  or associate professor of education in tesol, beginning in august 2014. the program is currently going through  the approval process and is expected to admit students in the fall 2014 term. all existing education programs hold  ncate accreditation, and the college is enhancing its longstanding commitment to teacher education by establishing  a school of education. the college of staten island is unit of the city university of new york (cuny) located in the fastest growing borough  of new york city. it is a comprehensive liberal arts and technology institution with a commuter student population.  residential housing will house students beginning in august 2013. the school's location in new york city enables it to draw on the vast economic and cultural resources. it also provides  opportunities for faculty to interact with practitioners in industry and with researchers at other colleges and universities  in the metropolitan area. opportunities exist to serve on the doctoral faculty of the cuny graduate school. qualifications doctorate in tesol or related field required, with expertise in linguistics, second language acquisition, and the theories  and methods of teaching ells in p 12 schools. expertise in program and curriculum development, knowledge  of regulatory and accreditation standards, and experience teaching in the p 12 schools are preferred. the successful  NA NA and college service. a candidate should demonstrate commitment to research, publication, teaching, and  program development, as well as experience working with culturally, linguistically, and racially diverse populations. compensation cuny offers faculty a competitive compensation and benefits package covering health insurance, pension and retirement  benefits, paid parental leave, and savings programs. salary will commensurate with experience. how to apply from our job posting system, select "apply now", create or log in to a user account, and provide the requested information.  NA NA requested prompts. in order to be considered for this position, applicants must submit a letter of application (outlining research and teaching  experience), curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information for three professional references. if you have difficulty with uploading multiple documents to the web site please send them to facultyrecruithss@ csi  .cuny .edu. closing date october 10, 2013 job search category cuny job posting: faculty equal employment opportunity we are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities,  minorities, veterans, and women to apply. we take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence  through diversity and inclusion. eo aa employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 28 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. c of staten island, cuny