the amherst college department of english  invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor in the area of  british romantic poetry. the successful candidate will offer courses on the major poets of the period; we also welcome  an interest in the broader literature and culture of romanticism in britain and beyond, and in the history of  poetry from the restoration to modernity. two courses to be offered each semester with additional senior tutorials. annual responsibilities include first year  writing attentive courses, specialized advanced seminars, and open enrollment courses in poetry. strong commitments  to scholarship and to undergraduate teaching, especially to the teaching of writing and to working with a diverse  student body, are essential. candidates should submit electronically to   of recommendation, and one writing sample not to exceed 30 pages. review of applications will begin october 1,  2013, and continue until the position is filled. candidates who submit their materials by november 1, 2013, will be  assured full consideration. the position will begin in fall 2014. candidates must have the ph.d. degree in hand or all  requirements for the degree fulfilled by the start of the appointment. amherst college is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men and women, with 1,800 students and more  than 200 faculty members. located in the connecticut river valley of western massachusetts, amherst participates  with hampshire, mount holyoke, and smith colleges and the university of massachusetts in the five college consortium.  amherst college has taken a leadership role among highly selective liberal arts colleges and universities in  successfully diversifying the racial, socioeconomic, and geographic profile of its student body. amherst college is an equal opportunity employer  and encourages women, persons of color, and persons with disabilities  to apply. the college is committed to enriching its educational experience and its culture through the diversity  of its faculty, administration, and staff. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. bentley u english  & media studies, 175 forest st aac 091 waltham ma 02452