faculty of liberal arts & professional studies the department of languages, literatures and linguistics, faculty of liberal arts & professional studies invites  applications from qualified candidates for a one-year sessional assistant professor position in english  as a second  language (esl). applicants must have a phd in applied linguistics or closely related area to assume teaching and  administrative roles as required by the esl section. applicants must have expertise in teaching credit eap in a post- secondary environment in order to contribute to our core courses. candidates must also have relevant experience in  esl student placement, advising, or program co-ordination. applicants must show evidence of excellence in teaching  at the university level. it is preferred that the applicant be actively engaged in scholarly research and have publications  in areas relevant to applied linguistics as it may be necessary for the successful candidate to teach in the graduate program  in linguistics and applied linguistics. accreditation by tesl ontario (or equivalent) and experience incorporating  technology into the esl curriculum are preferred. the appointment carries a teaching load of three full courses  or the equivalent. applicants should submit, in hard copy, a letter of application, an up-to-date curriculum vitae, and a teaching dossier,  and arrange for three confidential letters of recommendation to be sent directly. please list the name, position, e-mail  address and telephone number of each referee on the application letter. apply to: professor pietro giordan, chair,  department of languages, literatures and linguistics, south 561 ross building, york university, 4700 keele st., toronto,  ontario, canada, m3j 1p3. the deadline for applications is february 14, 2014. all york university positions are subject to budgetary approval. york university is an affirmative action employer.  NA by calling the affirmative action office at 416.736.5713. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however,  canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. for contractually limited appointments, temporary  entry for citizens of the u.s.a. and mexico may apply per the provisions of the north american free trade agreement  (nafta). this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 14 february  2014. overseas institutions american u in cairo human resources, american university in cairo new york ny 10018