the university of virginia's carter g. woodson institute for african american and african studies and the department  of english  seek to appoint a joint tenure track position at the assistant professor level, with expertise in anglophone  african and or caribbean literature, to begin august 25, 2014. candidate's research interests may include the  emergence of african literature as an academic discipline; post colonial theory, african, caribbean, and diasporic  culture and poetics; transnational circulations of black culture; african caribbean literature and performance; conti  nuities between anglo african caribbean and african american literatures and cultures; studies in gender, sexuality,  disability, film, new media or the digital humanities. the position will be 50% in the woodson institute and 50% in the department of english. in addition to carrying out research in these fields, candidates will be expected to teach at the graduate and undergraduate  levels and provide service to the program, department, and the university. review of applications will  begin october 1, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. applicants must hold a ph.d. by the time of  appointment. to apply, candidates must submit a candidate profile through jobs@uva (  number 0612853 and attach the following electronically: a cover letter of interest describing research agenda and  teaching experience, a curriculum vitae, a sample article or chapter (attach to writing sample 1) and contact information  for three references. please have referees email letters directly to anglo caribbean job@ virginia .edu questions regarding the application process in jobs@uva should be directed to: cheryll lewis in the woodson institute,  cll2d@ virginia .edu. the university of virginia is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  women, minorities, veterans and  persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013. u of virginia english, 