 english-full-time, academic year, tenure track assistant professor of english,  college of liberal arts at california  polytechnic state university, san luis obispo, california, to begin september 15, 2014. specialization in technical  and professional communication. the candidate will help redesign and revitalize our undergraduate technical communication  certificate program, and will build upon new cross-disciplinary collaborations at the university. duties  include program administration, curriculum and program development, teaching upper-and lower-division technical  and professional communication courses, and establishing and overseeing student internships. ability in a secondary  field is strongly desirable; areas of interest might include literature, composition and rhetoric, or new media studies.  the department is open to fresh ideas for a technical and professional communications program that will flourish  in the 21st century. for this position we seek leadership, creativity, and an eagerness to form partnerships with colleagues  from all over our campus and to work with a diverse range of california industries and communities. cal poly  is primarily a teaching university. in the english  department the typical teaching assignment is 12 units per quarter  with correspondingly reasonable service and research expectations. salary is commensurate with qualifications and  experience. requirements include: a ph.d. in english  or related field at time of appointment, experience and excellence  in college-level teaching, and evidence of professional activity that keeps the candidate abreast of scholarship  within his or her professional field. to apply, please visit http:// www .calpolyjobs .org, complete a required  online faculty application and apply to requisition #102978. please be prepared to provide three professional references  with names and email addresses when completing the application. please attach to your electronic application  a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing sample indicative of area of scholarship. please see  online posting for mailing instructions for official transcripts showing highest degree and any other documents that  cannot be submitted online. for applicants using interfolio or other dossier service, please refer to online posting for  mailing instructions for three current letters of recommendation. review begin date: november 15, 2013. interviews  will be at the mla convention. for questions please call (805) 756-5850. cal poly is strongly committed to  achieving excellence through cultural diversity. the university actively encourages applications and nominations of all  qualified individuals. eeo. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 22 november 2013. california su, chico english, 