qualifications: phd in english  with a specialization in nineteenth century  american literature; secondary emphasis  in native american literature is desirable. demonstrable commitment to both teaching and scholarship; ability to  teach undergraduate and graduate courses (typical teaching load is 3 3) as well as serve on ma thesis committees; all  requirements for phd completed by date of hire in august 2014. the department of english  offers the b.a. in english  (with emphases in creative writing, literature, and rhetoric),  the m.a. in english  (with emphases in creative writing, literature, rhetoric and professional communication, and  teaching english  studies), the mfa in creative writing, and the phd in rhetoric and professional communication.  all tenure track faculty contribute to the undergraduate general education program through courses in literature and  writing. new mexico state university is a comprehensive land grant institution of higher learning accredited by the higher  learning commission of the north central association of colleges and universities. an active research university,  NA and public service expenditures. nmsu is classified as a hispanic serving institution by the federal government  with a total minority enrollment over 48%. home to the state's nasa space grant program, nmsu is located  in las cruces, which features desert mesas, the farmlands of the rio grande valley, and the organ mountains, an  extension of the rocky mountain chain. benefits: group medical, hospital and dental insurance, group life and disability, and state educational retirement. deadline: screening of applications begins october 30, 2013, and applications received after this date may be considered.  position remains open until filled. initial interviews will be conducted at the mla conference. application procedure: submit letter of application with current cv, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing  sample as a single pdf attachment to engl_ search@ nmsu .edu........................................................ three letters of recommendation should be sent separately  to engl_ search@ nmsu .edu. correspondence may be addressed to ryan cull, chair of personnel, department  of english,  new mexico state university.  nmsu is an eeo aaemployer.  all offers of employment, oral and written, are contingent on the university's  verification of credentials and other information required by federal law, state law, and nmsu policies and procedures,  and may include the completion of a criminal history check. we encourage applications from women and minorities.  for information about the department of english,  please visit our website: www .nmsu .edu  ~english. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 3 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. u of new mexico