the religious studies department invites applications for a two-year postdoctoral position in cultural studies in religion  with a particular emphasis on creative pedagogical innovation, to begin august 1, 2014 and concluding july 31,  2016. specialization is open and the following areas of expertise are of particular interest: gender studies, sexuality  studies, african studies, african american studies, and american cultural studies. candidates must complete the  ph.d. by september 1, 2014, and should be no more than three years beyond the doctorate. candidates must be interested in exploring innovative approaches to teaching in religious studies. this may take any  of a number of forms, including, but not limited to: creative uses of digital technologies and on-line resources in the  humanities; new strategies for fostering student engagement and interaction; creative ways of structuring assignments  and the use of classroom time; possibilities for connecting student learning to wider local and global communities; and  exploration of the interdisciplinary nature of the study of religion. the college and the religious studies department  are committed to enhancing the diversity of the campus community and the curriculum. candidates who can contribute  to this goal are encouraged to apply; the search committee expects candidates to identify their strengths and  experiences in this area. NA diversity goals and might be cross-listed with other departments and programs in the college. this is a fulltime  lecturer position with salary and benefits competitive at the assistant professor level. the teaching load is a total of 5  courses over the two-year term: one course each semester and one 5-week short term (april-may) course in the first  year. in addition, the successful candidate will actively contribute to ongoing curriculum review and renewal, both by  modeling innovative course design and by convening campus conversations about pedagogy. the religious studies department and college appreciate the importance of ongoing professional research; the successful  candidate will possess a demonstrated record of excellence in both teaching and scholarship. the mellon half- time teaching load provides release time to help balance research and teaching. funds to support research expenses  such as, but not limited to, the purchase of books or materials or travel to conferences, meetings, and archives are also  provided. bates is a highly selective liberal arts college and will provide an excellent climate for professional development  and scholarship. consideration of candidates will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled.  interviews will be conducted at the aar/sbl annual meeting in baltimore, maryland. applicants should submit electronically, in pdf format, to nancy lepage, project specialist, 207-786-6480, at  academicservices@ bates .edu..........................................................................................., a cover letter highlighting pedagogical vision and practice along with likely course offerings,  NA please include your last name and r2074 in the subject line of all submissions. employment is contingent on  successful completion of a background check. for more information about the college, please visit the bates website:  www .bates .edu. this listing was submitted to the jil on 14 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 13 december 2013. brown u pembroke center for teaching and research on women, box 1958 providence ri 02912 http://www.pembrokecenter.org pembroke center postdoctoral fellowship 19208 https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21792  NA NA a weekly research seminar and teach one undergraduate course. candidates are selected on the basis of their scholarly potential and the relevance of their work to the research theme.  recipients must have a phd and may not hold a tenured position. fellowships are awarded to scholars who received  their doctoral degrees from institutions other than brown university. brown university is an eeo/aa employer.  the center strongly encourages underrepresented minority scholars to apply. the term of appointment is july 1, 2014-june 30, 2015. the stipend is $50,000, plus a supplement for health insurance. for a full description of the postdoctoral fellowship see http:// www .pembrokecenter .org/ apply online at https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 21792. applications must be submitted by december 5, 2013. this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 25 october 2013. california inst of tech