NA writing, business writing, technical writing, second language writing, linguistics, and writing for digital  environments. possibility of teaching graduate courses in area of specialization. a portion of the course load may be taught at satellite  campus locations. summer teaching possible. successful college or university level teaching experience required; experience teaching online desirable. must have a ph.d. in composition/rhetoric or english  with a writing emphasis and will teach 3/3. salary  competitive. NA NA from downtown houston and galveston island. affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  seeking candidates  who can enhance campus diversity.  proof of eligibility to work in the united states is required. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 20 december  2013. u of texas, austin english,  parlin 108 1 university stn, b5000 austin tx 78712   assistant/associate professor of latina/o and mexican american literatures 20681   the center for mexican american studies in coordination with the department of english  invites applications for  a tenure track assistant professor or recently tenured associate professor position for fall 2014. we seek applicants  working in theories of sexuality, racialization, and citizenship with a comparative emphasis in latina/o and mexican  american literatures. all work on fiction, poetics, autobiography, film, performance, or visual culture with critical  approaches to central american, caribbean, south american and mexican american literatures in the u.s. is welcome.  candidates who draw on the resources held in the benson latin american collection are especially desirable.  the successful candidate must demonstrate evidence of excellence in teaching literature, cultural studies, and theory  in a comparative framework and have a strong and/or promising record of publication, as well as a clearly defined  research agenda. in addition, applicants must hold a ph.d.at the time of their appointment as assistant professor. applicants  for appointment as associate professor must have a distinguished publication record suitable for a tenured  appointment. the selected candidate will be expected to exhibit a commitment to service to the department, center,  college, and university; to teach undergraduate and graduate courses; to direct graduate research; to direct dissertations,  ma reports and honor theses; and to publish actively. frd 6251. we will begin reviewing applications on february 28th, 2014 and will continue to accept applications until the position  is filled. to apply, send letter of application, curriculum vitae, example of scholarly work, list of three professional  references, and an example of teaching materials to:   budgetary approval. please direct inquiries to: dr. domino perez, director, center for mexican american studies,  drperez@ austin .utexas .edu. background check will be conducted on successful applicant. aa/eeo employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 29 january 2014 and was available online from 30 january 2014 through 13 march 2014. u of texas, austin