csu east bay #4150 the director oversees and coordinates the daily operations of scaa, manages the budget, recruits, trains and evaluates  employees, assesses the effectiveness of current services and implements procedures to improve them, develops  new services consistent with campus priorities, coordinates operations with other campus services, and markets scaa  to the campus community. the director stays current with research and trends in academic tutoring and supplemental  education and explores opportunities for grant-funded initiatives. responsibilities: develop, implement, and assess learning outcomes consistent with campus goals. assess, expand,  and improve existing programs such as peer tutoring, peer led undergraduate study (plus) groups, online  tutoring and training, and study workshops. create new programs that contribute to student success and retention.  develop a scaa marketing plan that advertises scaa services both to students and faculty. work with other  units on campus to implement campus-wide initiatives on assessment and student retention. manage the scaa budget.  coordinate daily operations. maintain scaa certification from the college reading & learning association  (crla). teach gs 4010, tutoring for learning, to new tutors. form policies and procedures pertaining to service  delivery. recruit, train, evaluate, and supervise tutoring and support staff. maintain statistics about scaa services.  manage and troubleshoot the tutortrac database and keep it integrated with campus systems. collaborate with campus  stakeholders by maintaining strong contacts with academic departments and the associate vice president of academic  programs & graduate studies. represent scaa on campus committees. develop strong ties to student leaders.  work effectively with information technology and academic technology services. requires: master's degree or bachelor's degree with equivalent work experience required. must have a minimum  of three years of experience in university teaching, training, supervision or program administration. knowledge of  learning theory and academic support services. familiarity with technology and online tutoring. expert knowledge  in the theory and practice of tutoring, particularly concerning the pedagogy of writing with specific experience in  training and developing student tutors. teaching experience in writing, math, or science. knowledge of and experience  with student affairs issues, particularly retention. ability to develop assessment studies to measure impact of tutoring  on gpa and retention. preferred skills & knowledge: ph.d. preferred. how to apply: review of applications will begin on march 24, 2014. in addition to the standard csueb application,  please submit a letter of application, resume, and a list of references that have been in a position to evaluate  your professional work. resumes will not be accepted in lieu of a completed application. to apply on-line, please go to http:// apptrkr .com/ 443927. if you are a first time user, you must register, create a user  id and password, fill in your basic information, save and click on the position you are interested in, click on the  "apply now" button to begin the online application. jeid-8002ef3285dd2318f3f8f9b03bc55d23 this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 march 2014 and was available online from 7 march 2014 through 18 april 2014.  california su, fullerton english, 