lafayette college invites applications for a two year postdoctoral fellowship to join an accomplished team of digital  scholarship services (dss) librarians and an active community of dh scholars. under the auspices of the clir  NA part of a major initiative, supported by a grant from the andrew w. mellon foundation, to develop a liberal arts college  model for digital scholarship and teaching. responsibilities of the fellow will include: NA and develop training to support an expanded and sustainable dh program NA NA NA NA the fellow will collaborate with dss librarians and with the faculty steering committee of the mellon digital humanities  grant in allocating time and expertise to projects. qualifications: required: NA in july 2014. NA encoding, gis, network analysis, database design, digital editions) for creating and transmitting scholarship. NA NA NA NA preferred: NA NA NA appointment details: this is a two year full time position with benefits, including vacation days, sick leave, and health insurance. the  successful candidate must attend a one to two week introductory seminar in july august 2014. to assist with the  NA orientation and mentoring programs. salary: $55,000. in addition, the fellow will receive a research and travel fund. application instructions: applicants should submit their online application to the council on library & information resources (clir   www .clir .org  fellowships  postdoc  applicants  acad). review of applications will begin december 20, 2013. about lafayette college: located within 70 miles of new york and philadelphia, lafayette college is a highly selective undergraduate institution  with an enrollment of 2400 students. we are committed to creating a diverse community that is inclusive,  responsive, and supportive of each member of the faculty, student body, and staff. all members of the college community  share a responsibility for creating and maintaining a learning environment in which difference is valued,  equity is sought, and inclusiveness is practiced. lafayette college is an equal opportunity employer  and encourages  applications from women and minorities. apply here:   this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 31 january 2014.  mcgill u