the writing program at nyu shanghai invites applications for several full time language lecturer positions to  teach writing to academically outstanding students from around the world. appointments are for one year effective  august 1, 2014 and are subject to renewal. language lecturers teach six sections (or their equivalent) of introductory  or intermediate writing courses (3 sections semester). these writing courses are integrated into two year long core  survey courses, focused on social foundations and cultural foundations. language lecturers also provide mentorship  to writing fellows and participate in required faculty development programs. nyush is looking for creative individuals who are flexible, outgoing, open to new environments, and respectful of  diverse backgrounds and learning styles. applicants should have a minimum of two years of experience teaching writing  at a college or university. ideal candidates will have experience working with students from diverse cultural and  language backgrounds, and will have demonstrated scholarly or creative expertise associated with the social sciences  and humanities. we also seek candidates with writing in the disciplines, writing center, and tesol experience. a  phd is preferred. language lecturers attend a faculty orientation and student orientation in august, participate in regular faculty development  workshops throughout the academic year, continue ongoing research in their academic or creative fields, and  participate actively in the intellectual life of nyush. nyu shanghai is the first sino us higher education joint venture to grant a degree that is accredited in the us as  well as in china. a research university with liberal arts and sciences at its core, it resides in one of the world's great  cities, which is also a vibrant intellectual community (  who are committed to our global vision of transformative teaching and innovative research. new york university has established itself as a global network university, with three degree granting campuses  new york, shanghai, and abu dhabi complemented by 12 additional academic centers across five continents. faculty  and students circulate within the network in pursuit of common research review of applications will begin immediately  for fall 2014 appointments and continue until positions are filled. required application materials : NA and your teaching philosophy; NA NA supplemental application materials:  NA NA NA please visit our website at   other information on how to apply. if you have any questions, please e mail shanghai .faculty .recruitment@ nyu .edu . nyu shanghai is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 14 march 2014. new york u shanghai