the department of rhetoric and writing studies at san diego state university seeks applicants for the position of  director of the san diego state university writing center, a tenure-track appointment (twelve-month contract) at  the rank of associate professor or professor, beginning fall semester, 2014. ph.d. in rhetoric, composition, or comparable area. we seek candidates with demonstrated ability in writing center administration to direct the new writing center,  NA university students at all levels across the disciplines to strengthen their academic writing through face-to-face and  online writing support. in addition, the director will help faculty members from across the disciplines to incorporate  writing into their classrooms and to conduct research related to writing and the writing process. the director will  supervise an assistant director (appointed at the lecturer level) and approximately twenty-five graduate and undergraduate  peer tutors. in addition to administrative responsibilities, the director will teach one to two courses per year  NA studies. in addition to documenting significant administrative ability, successful candidates will demonstrate scholarly achievement  commensurate with the rank of associate professor or professor in rhetoric, composition, or writing center/program  administration. applicants should submit the following online at the link above: (1) letter indicating writing center administrative  experience, scholarly achievements, and teaching interests, (2) detailed cv, (3) scholarly writing sample, (4) relevant  course syllabi, and (5) letters from three references. applicants will not be considered until these items have been  received. direct correspondence to professor suzanne bordelon, department of rhetoric and writing studies, san  diego state university, san diego, ca 92182-4452. please refer to position name writing center director. review of applications will begin on november 1, 2013, and will continue until the position is filled. we expect to  conduct interviews at the mla convention in chicago in january 2014. the department of rhetoric and writing studies is a freestanding academic unit within the college of arts and letters  comprised of collegial, nationally and internationally recognized faculty with interests in literacy and the teaching  of writing, rhetorical theory and the history of rhetoric, and professional and public discourse. (please see the department  website at: http:// rhetoric .sdsu .edu.) san diego state university is an equal opportunity employer  and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of  race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, age, disability,  pregnancy, medical condition, or covered veteran status.  the person holding this position is considered a "mandated reporter" under the california child abuse and neglect  reporting act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in csu executive order 1083 as a condition  of employment. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 15 november 2013. san francisco su