the university writing program (uwp) of the university of utah has an opening for an assistant professor beginning  july 2014, with a joint, tenure track appointment in the department of english.  we seek a candidate with an  interest in writing studies and or rhetoric. we especially invite applicants whose primary research interests include  one or more of the following: rhetoric of science and or technology, medical writing, underrepresented and or global  rhetorics, and or assessment. we seek a candidate with a promising and well articulated research program, curricular  versatility in undergraduate writing, and the ability to contribute to our graduate program. teaching load is 2 2. the university writing program is responsible for undergraduate writing instruction, cross curricular writing initiatives,  the university writing center, a growing writing and rhetoric studies major and minor, and a robust ph.d.  program in rhetoric and composition shared with three departments. its faculty members have the following research  interests: pedagogy, cultural studies, critical discourse analysis, literacy studies, history of rhetoric, composition  theory, second language multilingual composition, and writing in the disciplines and professions. applicants may see  the job posting and apply at   www .hum .utah .edu  uwp . deadline: november 8, 2013. the university of utah is an affirmative action equal  opportunity employer and educator. minorities, women persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply.  veterans preference. reasonable accommodations provided. for additional information :   NA the university of utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds,  and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented  students. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 5 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. utah su english, 