the english  as a second language program at the university of wyoming seeks a full time lecturer to teach undergraduate  and graduate courses in esl beginning fall 2014 and to be part of the development of a new english  language  NA students, but also will need experience as an oral proficiency interviewer and english  oral skills lab monitor. minimum required qualifications:  ma in language, linguistics or a related field with certification in esl  three or more years teaching university level academic esl courses  evidence of excellent communications skills and teaching effectiveness  experience teaching abroad  experience conducting oral proficiency interviews  fluency in english  and skill/experience in a language other than english preferred qualifications: NA NA language center that has intensive english  language instruction NA NA NA application details: NA the successful candidate will teach 3 courses per semester, or the equivalent with a service and professional  development component. please submit a cover letter detailing relevant qualifications for this job, resume, teaching  philosophy, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and the names, emails and telephone numbers of three references. finalists  may be asked to submit a teaching video as well as a collected sample of teaching materials. submit materials  to anne alexander, aalex@ uwyo .edu. full details are available at   .asp?jobtype=2. review of applications will begin july 20th, 2014 the university of wyoming is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.  all qualified applicants  will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability  or protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law and university policy. please see www .uwyo  .edu/ diversity/ fairness. we conduct background investigations for all final candidates being considered for employment. offers of employment  are contingent upon the completion of the background check. please email your cv with cover letter to: janet timmerman jantim@ uwyo .edu this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 june 2014 and was available online from 20 june 2014 through 1 august 2014. canadian institutions concordia u english,  NA