the department of english  at the university of massachusetts dartmouth seeks a tenure-track assistant professor  in english  in early-20th century british literature. secondary specialization in at least one of the following fields  is preferred: drama, poetry, critical theory, and digital humanities. a successful candidate will be expected to teach  foundation courses for the major in literary studies and critical theory, the post-1800 survey of british literature, and  to develop general education courses that would be attractive to students from other majors, as well as courses in the  area of specialization. the candidate may also be asked to teach first year writing, as needed. demonstrated success in  blended and online teaching is a plus. we are looking for an enthusiastic teacher-scholar who can help build the major. minimum requirements: phd in english;  documented evidence of teaching excellence, and a clearly defined research  agenda. in addition to teaching advanced and introductory courses and active publishing, we are looking for a  dedicated colleague interested in student success and departmental and university service. teaching expectations are  three courses per semester. abd applicants will be considered, but phd must be completed by august 2015 for contract  renewal to apply, candidates should electronically submit cover letter, cv, teaching statement, 3 letters of recommendation,  NA confirming award of terminal degree will also be required for consideration for contract renewal (prior to september  1, 2015).formal review of applications begins november 22, 2013, and continues until the position is filled.  preliminary interviews will be held at the mla convention in chicago in january 2014. the university of massachusetts dartmouth reserves the right to conduct background checks on potential employees. umass dartmouth is an affirmative action, equal opportunity, title ix employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 20 december  2013. u of massachusetts, lowell english, 