anticipated start date: september, 2014 apply online:   status: full time, tenure track faculty position, represented by the faculty forum provide instruction in composition;college and or developmental; and literature humanities as a member of an instructional  team of full time and part time instructors. a standard teaching load on the quarter system is 4 classes fall;  NA humanities film arts classes per academic year. preference for candidates with advanced preparation in a specialization  in english  or world literature or humanities. regular teaching assignments may include teaching courses  on the bend, redmond, prineville and or madras campuses, face to face, online, hybrid and or during evening or  weekend hours. qualifications: required 1. master's degree in english,  rhetoric, humanities, or a closely related academic  discipline. a masters in teaching is generally not an accepted replacement unless there is significant graduate level  work in the above areas. 2. evidence of excellence or the promise of excellence in college level writing and literature instruction. preferred 1. preference to the level of ph.d. or recent abd in english  or rhetoric. 2. three years of successful community college teaching experience in literature and composition. in addition to  education and experience listed above, preparation and experience in pedagogy of writing, writing assessment, hybrid  (computer assisted) delivery of writing instruction, writing across the disciplines, technical writing and or developmental  writing and or reading. 3. bi lingual in english  spanish a plus this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 january 2014 and was available online from 24 january 2014 through 7 march 2014. lewis & clark c english,  0615 sw palatine hill rd, msc 58 portland or 97219   visiting assistant professor of english  20818   the lewis and clark college department of english  invites applications for a one year visiting assistant professorship  in post 1900 modern american literature. candidates should have in hand or be about to complete the ph.d. teaching  load is five classes per academic year and may include introductory literature courses, a sophomore level survey of  colonial through modern american literature, and upper level surveys from 1900 to the present. preliminary interviews  will be conducted via videoconference. applicants should send: 1) a curriculum vitae; 2) a letter of application  including a statement of teaching philosophy, teaching experience, and research interests in american literature; 3)  evidence of teaching effectiveness; and 4) three letters of recommendation, uploaded separately by the referees. all  materials should be addressed to kurt fosso, chair, and must be submitted via apply .interfolio .com  24526 . click  NA lewis & clark college, located in portland or, is an equal opportunity employer.  the college will conduct background  checks on the finalists for the position. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 february 2014 and was available online from 28 february 2014 through 11 april 2014. oregon su english,  238 moreland hall corvallis or 97331