stanford university invites applications for a tenure track position as assistant professor in the digital humanities, to  be based in the department of english  or the division of literatures, cultures, and languages (departments of comparative  literature, french and italian, german studies, iberian and latin american cultures, slavic languages and  literatures). the appointed scholar will have expertise in the literature(s) of the home department and considerable  experience bringing digital tools and methodologies to literary and interdisciplinary research. examples of tools and  methods include, but are not limited to, the fields of computer programming, text mining, data visualization, network  analysis, semantic web analysis, or gis. the appointed scholar will teach introductory and advanced courses in both literature and digital humanities, and will  also be expected to contribute to the development of the digital humanities across the university. applicants will need  a phd in hand in a discipline broadly related to the hiring department by the appointment start date of 9/1/2014. all  application materials must be submitted online through www .interfolio .com............................................ using the direct link above. please transmit  your cover letter, curriculum vitae (including list of publications), statements of research and teaching interests (no  more than three (3) pages), teaching evaluations (if applicable), a writing sample the length of a typical research article   or book chapter, along with three confidential letters of reference to the digital humanities search committee by  october 28, 2013. stanford university is an equal opportunity employer  and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. it  welcomes nominations of, and applications from, women and members of minority groups, as well as others who  NA this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 september 2013 and was available online from 13 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of california, berkeley comp lit, 4125 dwinelle hall berkeley ca 94720