the american university of sharjah, an internationally ranked and accredited american style university of 6000 students  in the united arab emirates, seeks a full time faculty member, pending budgetary approval, with a background  in early modern (c.1500 c.1800) british literature to teach courses in shakespeare and pre modern drama, early  modern british literature, writing for academic purposes, and other general education courses, in the department  of english.  the department of english  is especially interested in candidates demonstrating a secondary interest in  film, gender, or cultural studies. successful candidates will have a ph.d. in a relevant field, a record of excellent teaching, active scholarly publication,  and a commitment to productive institutional service. the university is fully committed to equal opportunity at all  levels without discrimination on the basis of race, gender, religion, age, family status, or national origin. as a university  formed on american models, aus will give priority to candidates who have substantial experience in american  models of higher education. interested applicants should send a letter of application (including a statement of teaching experience and research interests),  curriculum vita, and the names and addresses of three referees to: dr. mahmoud anabtawi, dean, college of  arts & sciences, american university of sharjah, e mail: cashr@ aus .edu completed applications received by december 10, 2013 will be given priority consideration. the american university of sharjah (aus) is accredited by the u.s. commission on higher education of the middle  states association of colleges and schools. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 15 november 2013 through 27 december  2013. babson global 372 washington st wellesley ma 02481   assistant professor of english  rhetoric 21072   assistant professor of english  rhetoric to begin in early august 2014 at podomoro university, jakarta, indonesia.  podomoro is a new university offering professional programs with an emphasis on entrepreneurship and liberal arts.  ph.d. in english  preferred. three course teaching load per semester. salary competitive with american universities.  airfare, housing, utilities, and health insurance provided. applications should include: 1) resume with names of two  referees and their email addresses and telephone numbers, 2) evidence of teaching excellence, 3) statement of personal  qualities and experiences preparing you to work in a foreign culture and to teach writing and speaking in english  as  acts of creation and discovery, of critical thinking, and of community building and citizenship. applications should  be addressed to ms. jennifer lau, babson global, 372 washington street, wellesley, ma 02481. applications close  june 13, 2014. interviews to take place in late june in the greater boston area. this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 may 2014 and was available online from 23 may 2014 through 4 july 2014. ben gurion u