the honors college, which opened in 2013 and enrolls students from every discipline at purdue, plans to make three  continuing term lecturer full time appointments (non tenured). initial contracts will be for three years, with the possibility  of renewal. duties include: teaching in the first year honors course series; offering specialty honors seminars;  and working with the honors college staff to develop and support a vibrant residential college program. a portion of  the job includes programmatic duties in the areas of international and national scholarship and/or leadership development.  successful applicants will demonstrate experience and openness to teaching from a variety of theoretical/disciplinary/ methodological approaches. these positions begin january 2014 or august 2014; the nine month salary will  be based on education and experience. qualifications: a ph.d. in any field of the social sciences, sciences, or humanities is required. experience in leading discussion based  seminar courses and/or teaching argumentative writing skills in an interdisciplinary environment is needed as our  majors span the sciences, engineering, agriculture, technology, education, liberal arts, health and human studies, and  pharmacy. application: please send: (1) a letter of application detailing teaching philosophy and experience, disciplinary training and research,  how you can contribute to honors education, and your experience/interest in international scholarship or leadership  programming; (2) a c.v.; (3) a brief description of course objectives and themes you would adopt in an honors course,  and a list of readings; (4) teaching evaluations. review of applications will begin on november 1, 2013; reviews will occur every thirty days thereafter until the  search is closed. a background check will be required for employment in this position. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity/affirmative action employer  fully committed to achieving a  diverse workforce. this listing was submitted to the jil on 30 september 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. rose hulman inst of tech humanities/social sciences, 5500 wabash av terre haute in 47803