department of arts and art professions the department of art and art professions at new york university is seeking candidates for a tenure track faculty  position at the assistant professor level in art theory and criticism. the appointment begins september 1, 2014. the art department at nyu is going through an exciting period of growth, including the development of new programs  NA are looking for candidates who can augment and extend the current strengths of the department, which includes studio  art, art education, art administration, costume studies, and art therapy. we will give priority to scholars interested  in collaborating with artists and practitioners, as well as scholars with a strong and programmatic research agenda, and  overall academic potential. responsibilities: responsibilities include teaching existing graduate and undergraduate courses, developing new courses based upon  scholarly expertise, developing and maintaining an independent research program, seeking external funding, mentoring  student research, participating in faculty meetings, committees, and other service appropriate to a university  faculty member. qualifications: candidates for the position must have earned a doctorate (prior to the appointment start date), a demonstrated record  of published, peer reviewed research and show strong potential for furthering scholarship in contemporary visual art. the successful candidate will be one who has the experience and expertise to teach art theory and criticism to students  at both the undergraduate and graduate levels, and an interest in teaching practitioners in art professions (administration,  education, therapy) and studio (visual) artists. further, the candidate should be engaged in scholarship in art  NA nyu's dynamic global network university includes nyu abu dhabi, nyu shanghai, and international programs  and academic centers around the world. nyu steinhardt faculty may be afforded the opportunity for variable term  work at these global study research sites. nyu is committed to building a culturally diverse educational environment and strongly encourages applications  from historically underrepresented groups. applications: please apply online with a letter of application, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement (including  student feedback), three letters of reference, and a representative sample of peer reviewed research articles (maximum  of three) to:  www.nyuopsearch.com/applicants/central?quickfind=51866 further information about the position can be obtained from: melissa rachleff burtt, search committee chair:  mjr2007@ nyu .edu. review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the search is completed. new york university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 13 february  2014. pace u