the division of liberal arts at the university of the arts seeks a director for its new b.a. in film & media studies.  by drawing on strengths in the division of liberal arts and in the school of film of the college of art, media, and  design, the program combines creative studio courses in film, animation, and writing with intensive study of the history,  aesthetics, and social implications of film and allied media forms. NA education that encourages transmedia and interdisciplinary exploration and collaboration within and across its degree  programs in visual, literary, and performing arts and design. this commitment is especially evident in the division of  NA the new director will NA NA coursework in the division of liberal arts; NA NA NA the appointment will be made at the rank of advanced assistant or associate professor. ph.d. or equivalent in film,  communication, and or media studies required, with a record of scholarly publication and teaching experience commensurate  with the level of appointment. the teaching load is 6 courses annually; administrative release negotiable.  the appointment commences september 1, 2014. qualified applicants should submit curriculum vitae and letter of application only to fmsdirector@ uarts .edu. the  documents should be in microsoft word and submitted by attachment. applications received by friday, november  15, will receive fullest consideration. preliminary interviews will be conducted at the modern language association  NA located in the heart of center city philadelphia, the university of the arts is one of the only universities in the  united states solely dedicated to educating creative individuals in the visual, literary, and performing arts and design. the university of the arts is an equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. washington & jefferson c mod & classical langs, 60 s lincoln st washington pa 15301