NA is seeking a permanent,  non tenure track assistant teaching professor. applicants should have a commitment to high quality teaching and  program development. abd or phd in rhetoric and composition is preferred, but professional and scholarly writers  in other disciplines with experience teaching academic writing will be considered. candidates who specialize in first  year composition pedagogy or writing in the disciplines are especially encouraged to apply. these positions include  funds for professional development and the opportunity for a long term career path with the university. teaching  load is 3 3; most courses are small, first year writing seminars. salary is competitive. position begins july 1, 2014. initial  interviews will be conducted at mla convention. wake forest university welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applications and nominations from women and  minorities. it seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the excellence of the university, and to offer  students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and learning. for information about the department  of english,  go to www .wfu .edu  english. located in winston salem, nc, wake forest university is a private, coeducational institution with a student faculty  ratio of 10:1. ranking among the top thirty national universities, it offers a vibrant intellectual community with a  rich cultural life, an impressive array of facilities and an active athletics community. for quick facts about the university,  go to   .cityofws .org  home  discoverwinston salem  articles  cityinformation. applicants should apply at   of the writing program, department of english. also submit your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a  NA or dossier service to english@  wfu .edu. applications and other materials must be submitted no later than october 25  at 5:00 pm. eoe aa questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ wfu .edu. questions about the position may  be addressed to english@ wfu .edu. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. western carolina u english, 