middle tennessee state university's english  department invites applications and nominations for a chair to lead a  congenial, energetic, and productive faculty committed to collaborative leadership. mtsu's 26,500-student campus  is located in historic murfreesboro, with easy access to nashville. the department offers the b.a. with several concentrations,  the m.a., and the ph.d. additionally it houses five minors, participates in numerous interdisciplinary  minors, sponsors two national conferences, and edits five professional journals. the chair advocates for a department of more than 140 faculty (tenured and tenure-track, contingent, and teaching  assistants), teaches one course per semester, and can receive an additional administrative stipend for summer duties.   the 4-year term may be renewed once, and immediate consideration of tenure is possible upon appointment. teaching  and research specialty is open; salary reflects experience and qualifications. candidates will possess a ph.d. in english  or a closely related field, a record of scholarship and teaching, qualifications  for appointment at the rank of full professor, significant administrative and teaching experience, a demonstrated commitment  to the development of undergraduate and graduate education, and evidence of advocacy for diverse student  and faculty concerns. to apply for this position, go to http:// mtsujobs .mtsu .edu............................................................ and follow the instructions on how to complete an application,  attach documents, and submit your application online. if you have questions, please contact dr. hilary stallings  NA salary are commensurate with education and experience. proof of u.s. citizenship or eligibility for u.s. employment  will be required prior to employment (immigration control act of 1986). clery act crime statistics for mtsu  are available at http:// police .mtsu .edu/ crime_ statistics .htm. mtsu is an eo/aa employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013. rhodes c english, 