business writing the english  department at iowa state university seeks a tenured associate professor or professor with a qualitative  or quantitative research program in business, technical, and/or professional communication and in communication  across the curriculum to take responsibility for leading the department's teaching and research efforts in advanced  communication and learning community linked courses. secondary interest in data visualization, intercultural communication,  science communication, or environmental rhetoric preferred. teaching will include advanced undergraduate  courses within a program that integrates written, oral, visual, and electronic communication, as well as graduate  courses in well established master's and doctoral programs. 2/2 teaching load for research intensive faculty.  iowa state university is classified as a carnegie foundation doctoral/research university extensive, a member of  the association of american universities (aau), and ranked by u.s. news and world report as one of the top public  universities in the nation. over 32,000 students are enrolled, and served by over 6,000 faculty and staff (see www  .iastate .edu). ames, iowa is a progressive community of nearly 60,000, located approximately 30 minutes north of des  moines, and recently voted second best most livable small city in the nation (see www .amescvb .com). required qualifications include a phd in rhetoric and professional communication or a related discipline; outstanding  record of publications, scholarship, and teaching to support an appointment at the associate professor or professor  level consistent with the university's standards for promotion to associate professor and professor. preferred qualifications  include experience in securing external funding, communication center or program administration, work  with graduate students, and evidence of secondary interest in data visualization, intercultural communication, science  communication, or environmental rhetoric. NA NA following materials for consideration: letter of application, curriculum vitae, and list of three references. application  deadline is november 15, 2013. some interviews may be conducted at the mla conference in chicago, however attendance  at this conference is not required to receive an interview. aa/eo employer.  women and members of historically underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 3 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 28 november 2013. iowa su english, 