the department of english  at the university of calgary invites applications for a tenure track position at the rank of  assistant professor, effective july 1, 2014. we are seeking candidates with a phd in english  or a closely related discipline, a demonstrated scholarly record, and  expertise in digital humanities in the context of historical literary and critical studies. the successful applicant will  be able to contribute to the teaching needs of the department at all levels. we are particularly interested in candidates  with research and teaching strengths in british literature of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. the department of english  at the university of calgary is one of the most dynamic research and teaching departments  in canada, with thriving ma and phd programs and a strong undergraduate program. the department plays  a leadership role in the digital arts and humanities working group and has significant expertise in digital humanities  across several historical literary periods. we encourage applications from all qualified women and men, including  members of visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, and persons with disabilities. for more information about the department,  see our home page:   ucalgary.ca. applicants should send a curriculum vitae, a refereed publication or project url, and evidence of teaching effectiveness.  they should arrange to have three confidential letters of reference forwarded directly to: dr. bart beaty, head department of english university of calgary 2500 university drive nw calgary, alberta t2n 1n4 or by e mail to the department manager, anne jaggard: jaggard@ ucalgary .ca deadline: november 15, 2013 or when the position is filled. increasing scholarly capacity will help the university of calgary meet its strategic goal to become one of canada's  top five research universities by 2016, where innovative teaching and groundbreaking research go hand in hand, and  where we fully engage the communities we both serve and lead. the strategy is called eyes high, inspired by the university's  gaelic motto, which translates as 'i will lift up my eyes.' about the university of calgary the university of calgary is a leading canadian university located in the nation's most enterprising city. the university  has a clear strategic direction to become one of canada's top five research universities by 2016, where innovative  teaching and groundbreaking research go hand in hand, and where we fully engage the communities we both serve  and lead. the strategy is called eyes high, inspired by our gaelic motto, which translates to 'i will lift up my eyes'. to succeed as one of canada's top universities, where new ideas are created, tested and applied through first class  teaching and research, the university of calgary needs more of the best minds in our classrooms and labs. we're in  creasing our scholarly capacity by investing in people who want to change the world, bringing the best and brightest  to calgary to form a global intellectual hub and achieve advances that matter to everyone. about calgary named a cultural capital of canada and one of the best places to live in the world, calgary is a city of leaders in business,  community, philanthropy and volunteerism. calgarians benefit from the strongest economy in the nation and  enjoy more days of sunshine per year than any other major canadian city. calgary is less than an hour's drive from  the majestic rocky mountains and boasts the most extensive urban pathway and bikeway network in north america. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  the university of calgary respects, appreciates, and encourages diversity. this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 13 december 2013. u of toronto english, 