the underwood international college of yonsei university invites applications for a full time position (tenure track,  pending approval) as assistant professor of comparative literature to teach at the international campus in songdo,  incheon, located within the greater seoul metropolitan region. candidates should have competence in two or more  modern or classical literary traditions, and have a strong commitment to research and undergraduate teaching. candidates  specializing in the early modern period, world literature, postcolonial studies, or media studies are especially  encouraged to apply. teaching responsibilities are between 6 to 9 credit hours (2 or 3 classes) per semester. the starting date is september  2014. compensation includes competitive salary, health insurance and other benefits, fully subsidized off campus  housing, and a generous relocation and start up package. NA most prestigious private university, and combines the intimate atmosphere and low student faculty ratio of a  liberal arts college with the resources of a major research university. all instruction is in english,  and the student body  NA are only accepting applications from non korean citizens or korean citizens who have undergraduate and graduate  degrees from institutions outside of korea. interested applicants should send a letter of application, dissertation abstract, and c.v. by email (uic@ yonsei .ac .kr......) before  november 25, 2013. short listed candidates will then be asked to submit 3 letters of recommendation, a writing  sample, a statement of teaching philosophy, and sample syllabi. interviews will be held at the mla annual conference  in chicago. for additional information, please contact prof. anthony adler (aadler@ yonsei .ac .kr......................). prospective applicants  are encouraged to look at our website at   this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013.  zayed u human resources, khalifa city b po box 144534 abu dhabi united arab emirates