the bates college department of english  seeks to hire a one year visiting assistant professor to begin fall 2014,  whose scholarly focus is post 1900 british and anglophone literatures (excluding u.s.), with additional expertise in  postcolonial theory. preference will be given to candidates with a specialty in south asian, african, or caribbean literature.  candidates should have a ph.d. completed, or nearly complete and significant teaching experience, as well as  an active and dynamic research agenda. we are especially interested in candidates with a secondary interest in feminist  theory and or gender studies, and welcome comparative approaches and new theoretical perspectives. the successful  candidate will be expected to teach courses on postcolonial theory, feminist literary theory, and the modern short  story. the college and the english  department are committed to enhancing the diversity and inclusion of the campus community  and the curriculum. candidates who can contribute to this goal are encouraged to apply and identify their  strengths and experiences in this area. the teaching load is five courses, distributed over two 12 week semesters and  one five week spring term. consideration of applications will begin march 10, 2014 and continue until the position is filled. applicants should  submit electronically, in pdf format, to academicservices@ bates .edu the following materials: a letter of application,  curriculum vitae, unofficial graduate transcripts, a writing sample, and a teaching statement. please arrange for three  confidential letters of recommendation to be submitted electronically to the same address. please include your last  name and english  r2080 in the subject line of all submissions. bates is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  for more information about the college and the department,  please visit the bates website: www .bates .edu. employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check. this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 february 2014 and was available online from 28 february 2014 through 11 april 2014. bates c english,  305 college st lewiston me 04240