NA seeks to fill a full-time tenure-track position in creative  writing (fiction), at the level of assistant professor beginning in july 2014. the ideal candidate would have a terminal  degree in creative writing (mfa or phd), demonstrated expertise in teaching fiction workshops and in curriculum  development, and a significant record of publications. responsibilities include teaching fiction workshops at introductory  NA campus reading series, and helping consolidate a recently inaugurated creative writing minor. salary is competitive.  initial interviews will be conducted at mla convention. wake forest university is a private, coeducational institution dedicated to academic excellence in liberal arts, graduate  and professional education. founded in 1834, the university is ranked among the top thirty national universities.  wake forest is a collegiate university offering a vibrant intellectual community with a rich cultural life, an impressive  array of facilities and an active athletics community. the university has a deep institutional commitment to public  NA go to http:// www .wfu .edu/ visitors/ quickfacts .html. for information about the department of english, go to  www .wfu .edu/ english. applicants should apply on-line at https:// wakejobs .silkroad .com, a cover letter should be addressed to dr. scott  klein, chair, department of english. also submit on-line your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a writing  sample (maximum of 30 pages). three confidential letters of recommendation must be sent via email by the recommender  or dossier service to english@  wfu .edu........................................................................ applications and other materials must be submitted no later than october  25 at 5:00 pm. eoe/aa questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ wfu .edu. questions about the position may  be addressed to english@ wfu .edu.  wake forest university welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applicants with demonstrated success in working  with diverse populations. wake forest seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the excellence of the  university, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and learning. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. wake forest u english, 