schedule: full time shift:  job code: pnc13114r job details: fall semester 2014 the humanities and social sciences program in the department of arts and sciences at jefferson college of health  sciences is seeking applicants for a full time, nine (9) month faculty position in english.  a ph.d. in english,  composition and rhetoric, or a related field with a concentration in composition or written  communication is preferred.   basic function:  supports carilion clinic's and jefferson college of health science's hallmarks of service excellence and quality for all  job responsibilities. plans, implements and evaluates academic curriculum and assigned teaching responsibilities and  participates in scholarly and service activities. fall semester 2014 the humanities and social sciences program in the department of arts and sciences at jefferson college of health  sciences is seeking applicants for a full time, 9 month faculty position in english.  a ph.d. in english,  composition  and rhetoric, or a related field with a concentration in composition or written communication is preferred. minimum  NA from an accredited college/university, or a related  NA (preferably  composition or written communication). experience teaching college writing/composition and strong organizational  skills are required. experience using instructional technology and student learning outcomes assessment processes are  preferred. evidence of an active research program and a willingness to engage in college and community service is  strongly preferred.  required documents:  in addition to the online application (www .carilionclinic .org), required documents include a cover letter, curriculum  vitae, official transcripts, a statement of teaching philosophy, and a detailed statement of research interests, goals, and  plans leading to grants, presentations, and publications. basic function:  NA job responsibilities. plans, implements and evaluates academic curriculum and assigned teaching responsibilities and  participates in scholarly and service activities. this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 20 december  2013. carilion clinic