the department of english  invites applications for a renewable, one year college lecturer position beginning august  23, 2014 and ending may 8, 2015. the position is annually renewable for an additional five years based on satisfactory  performance, programmatic needs and university financial resources. after a comprehensive sixth year review,  appointees will be eligible for two successive three year appointments and six year appointments thereafter. normal  teaching load is up to 16 credit hours per semester. hiring is contingent on maintaining existing levels of funding  from the state. minimum qualifications: the position requires an ma in english  for appointment as college lecturer or a phd in  rhetoric and composition for appointment as associate college lecturer and at least three years of post ma composition  teaching experience at the college level. evidence of effective teaching must be demonstrated at the time of  interview. preferred qualifications: preference will be given to candidates who can demonstrate effectiveness in teaching composition  to a general education student audience in an urban setting and who have esl or developmental writing  experience. applications: applicants should submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, evidence of teaching ability, one writing sample, and  contact information for three references willing to provide letters of recommendation to   applicants/ central?quickfind=52870 please inform your reference providers that the university will be sending an email with instructions on how to upload  reference letters. deadline for applications is november 15, 2013. offer of employment is contingent on satisfactory completion of the university's verification of credentials and other  information required by law and/or university policies or practices, including but not limited to a criminal background  check. cleveland state university is an aa/eoe committed to non discrimination. m/f/d/v encouraged to apply this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. cleveland su english,  2121 euclid av cleveland oh 44115