bowdoin college invites nominations and applications for a new position of director of writing and rhetoric. the  NA curriculum and collaborate with colleagues on a variety of initiatives on writing, including the first-year seminar  program and a course-and center-based peer writing project. the director will design and implement faculty development  initiatives around writing and expand efforts to teach and assess writing and speaking. the director will  teach one to two courses per year in writing or rhetoric; these will be coordinated with the offerings of the english  department and the first year seminar program. bowdoin has offered first-year seminars across disciplines since the 1970s, adopting them as a requirement in 2004,  with the english  department regularly offering composition courses since 2000. the college established a course- and center-based peer-writing project in 1993 and enhanced support for multilingual speakers of english  in 2004.  both the peer-writing project and the multilingual student support are housed in the center for learning and teaching  NA work closely with all of these programs to develop a comprehensive approach to the teaching and assessing of writing.  this is a full-time, 10-month, benefits-eligible position with non-tenure track faculty status. the position reports directly  to the dean for academic affairs. salary is commensurate with credentials and experience. the successful candidate should possess: NA NA a writing program and faculty development initiatives is desirable. NA bowdoin college accepts only electronic submissions. please visit https:// careers .bowdoin .edu......................... to submit letter of application,  curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information for three references. review of applications will  begin on may 12, 2014 and continue until the position is filled. a highly selective liberal arts college on the maine coast with a diverse student body made up of 31% students of  color, 5% international students and approximately 15% first generation college students, bowdoin college is committed  to equality and is an equal opportunity employer.  we encourage inquiries from candidates who will enrich and  contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. bowdoin college does not discriminate on the basis of  age, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status,  national origin, or disability status in employment, or in our education programs. for further information about the  college please visit our website: http:// www .bowdoin .edu [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 april 2014 and was available online from 18 april 2014 through 30 may 2014. colby c english,  5266 mayflower hill waterville me 04901