the department of english  at appalachian state university invites applications for one, possibly two tenure track  positions in world literature at the rank of assistant professor to start july 31, 2014, pending final administrative and  budgetary approval. we seek a faculty member committed to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and academic service.  the successful candidate will maintain an active research program and teach a 3/3 load including sophomore  world literature surveys, upper division courses in world literature for majors, and specialized graduate seminars. qualifications: a ph.d. in english,  comparative literature, or closely related field and evidence of successful teaching  are required. evidence of scholarly publication or activity is desirable. we especially welcome candidates with auxiliary  interests in one or more of the following areas: film, theory, digital humanities, disability studies, ecocriticism,  and animal studies. to ensure full consideration, please send only a letter of application and cv electronically to james burniston at  burnistonjc@ appstate .edu. review of applications will begin on november 10 and will continue until the position is  filled. only electronic applications will be considered. we will be interviewing at the mla convention in chicago  and by telephone for candidates who are not able to attend the mla. appalachian state university is a member institution of the sixteen campus university of north carolina system.  located in the scenic mountains of boone, nc, it enrolls more than 17,000 students and was recently ranked fourth  NA NA recognized as among the greenest schools in america by the princeton review and the sierra club. additional information  about the department of english,  appalachian state university, and surrounding areas may be accessed at:  www .appstate .edu. appalachian state university is an aa/eeo employer.  the university has a strong commitment to the principles of  diversity and inclusion and to maintaining working and learning environments that are free from all forms of discrimination.  women, individuals with disabilities, veterans and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. individuals  with disabilities desiring accommodations in the application process should contact james burniston at burnistonjc@  appstate .edu. any offer of employment to a successful candidate will be conditioned upon the university's receipt  of a satisfactory criminal background report. documentation of identity and employability of the applicant will be   required before the hiring process can be finalized. for more information, please visit:   employment/ epa jobs/ academic affairs. this listing was submitted to the jil on 3 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. davidson c english,  box 6977 davidson nc 28035