founded in 1911, the university of hong kong is committed to the highest international standards of excellence in  teaching and research, and has been at the international forefront of academic scholarship for many years. the university  has a comprehensive range of study programmes and research disciplines spread across 10 faculties and about  110 sub divisions of studies and learning. there are over 27,800 undergraduate and postgraduate students coming  from 50 countries, and more than 2,000 members of academic and academic related staff, many of whom are internationally  renowned. assistant professor in american studies in the school of modern languages and cultures (ref.: 201300878) applications are invited for appointment as assistant professor in american studies with expertise in the field of  global creative industries in the school of modern languages and cultures, from january 2014 or as soon as possible  thereafter, on a three year fixed term basis, with the possibility of renewal. appointees with demonstrated performance  will be considered for tenure towards the end of the second three year contract. applicants should have a ph.d. degree in a discipline (e.g. film, literature, history, political science or sociology)  which supports specialization in american studies and related expertise in global creative industries. the appointee  will teach and supervise at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels in the american studies program. candidates  with administrative experience in coordinating a programme are encouraged to apply. applicants should demonstrate  a capacity in their research and teaching to link american studies to other areas of studies (china, european, hong  kong, japan, and/or korea) and to the program of global creative industries. the appointee is expected to develop  an independent research programme related to american studies. information about the school can be obtained at    .hk). a globally competitive remuneration package commensurate with the appointee's qualifications and experience will  be offered, as well as annual leave and medical benefits. at current rates, salaries tax does not exceed 15% of gross  income. the appointment will attract a contract end gratuity and university contribution to a retirement benefits  scheme, totalling up to 15% of basic salary. housing benefits will be provided as applicable. applicants should send a completed application form, a cover letter, an up to date c.v., a writing sample of scholarly  work, an abstract of dissertation or current research project, evidence of teaching ability (e.g. syllabi, student teaching   evaluations) and 3 confidential references (quoting ref.: 201300878) sent directly by the referees to smlcsena@ hku  .hk. application forms (341/1111) can be obtained at   can be obtained at   the university thanks applicants for their interests, but advises that only shortlisted applicants will be notified of the  application result. the university is an equal opportunity employer  and is committed to a no smoking policy this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 19 december 2013.