rochester institute of technology, college of liberal arts NA position title: instructional faculty faculty rank: assistant professor faculty type: tenure track department: performing arts & visual culture pc# 2517 and 2516 requisition# 862br and requisition# 861br anticipated start date: august 13, 2014 detailed job description: the department of performing arts & visual culture at the rochester institute of technology invites applications  for two tenure track positions at the assistant professor level. requisition# 861br: we are looking for a teacher/scholar/practitioner who can support our museum studies b.s. degree program, including  student advising, curriculum development, and teaching courses in history and theory of exhibitions, exhibition  NA the department. required minimum qualifications: NA NA NA NA NA of performing arts & visual culture NA NA NA and individual differences. requisition# 862br:  we are looking for a teacher/scholar/practitioner who can support our museum studies b.s. degree program, including  student advising, curriculum development, and teaching courses in museums in the digital age, museum  NA specialization, and other courses as needed by the department. required minimum qualifications: NA NA NA NA NA of performing arts & visual culture NA NA NA and individual differences. we are seeking an individual who has the ability and interest in contributing to a community committed to student  centeredness; professional development and scholarship; integrity and ethics; respect, diversity and pluralism; innovation  NA sectiona/ corevalues .html) core values, (  honor code, and (  the college/department: the college of liberal arts is one of nine colleges within rochester institute of technology. the college has more  than 150 faculty members in 12 departments in the social sciences, humanities, and the arts. the college currently  NA of performing arts & visual culture comprises 11 full time faculty members who strongly value both research and  teaching. the department, in collaboration with the department of history, offers a b.s. in museum studies. the  undergraduate program values interdisciplinarity in faculty and student research and in the curriculum, and has many  ties with other programs and departments on the campus. how to apply: apply online at   NA statement (  NA contact: please direct all questions about this position to dr. tina lent, search committee chair, department of performing  arts & visual culture, rochester institute of technology, 92 lomb memorial drive, rochester, ny 14623 5604. e  mail: tnlgsh@ rit .edu phone 585 475 2460. application deadline: all materials must be received by thursday, january 30, 2014. rit does not discriminate. rit promotes and values diversity, pluralism and inclusion in the work place. rit provides  equal opportunity to all qualified individuals and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, age,  marital status, sex, gender, religion, sexual orientations, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, veteran  status or disability in its hiring, admissions, educational programs and activities. this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 31 january 2014. rochester inst of tech english, 