full-time administrator position metropolitan state university invites applications for the dean of the college of arts and sciences (cas). cas  houses nine departments (communication, writing and the arts; ethnic and religious studies; history; information  and computer sciences; literature and language; mathematics; natural sciences; practical philosophy and ethics;  social science), two undergraduate programs (gender studies, liberal arts major) and three graduate programs (ms- computer science, ma-liberal studies, ms-technical communications). reporting directly to the provost and vice president for academic affairs the dean will be a strategic leader and effective  manager, responsible for providing leadership to the college faculty and staff. responsibilities: articulate and implement a student-centered vision for the college that supports the academic and institutional mission  and vision; lead strategic planning for the college; attract, hire and retain highly-qualified, diverse faculty and staff; develop and maintain high-quality undergraduate and graduate programs and courses; lead continuous improvement projects for the college; promote a culture of engagement, inclusion, and innovation; provide oversight of college reports and systems (e.g., program review, student learning assessment, appeals) and manage  NA NA state, regional, national and international levels NA supervise and promote professional development of faculty and staff. minimum qualifications: NA which has regional or equivalent accreditation. required qualifications: NA NA NA learning assessment; o program review; o inter-disciplinary teams; o budgets NA NA action in staffing and operations  NA institutional priorities. NA preferred qualifications: NA NA NA the university: metropolitan state university, a member of the minnesota state colleges and universities system, is  an urban university serving approximately 11,000 students in the greater twin cities (minneapolis-st. paul) metropolitan  area. we are the most diverse university in the system, with approximately 31% of our students coming from  communities of color. the university offers programs leading to baccalaureate, masters and doctoral degrees. we  provide accessible, high-quality liberal arts, professional, and graduate education with continued emphasis on underserved  groups, including adults and communities of color. recognized in 2008 by the carnegie foundation for community  NA is committed to academic excellence and community engagement through curriculum, teaching, scholarship and  services designed to support an urban mission. for more information visit our web site at www .metrostate .edu * employment for this position is covered by the minnesota state colleges & universities personnel plan for administrators.  http:// www .hr .mnscu .edu/ cabinet_ executive_ se/ documents/ adminplannonleg .pdf application: to apply, go to http:// agency .governmentjobs .com/ metrostatemn/ default .cfm this position will remain open until filled. applications received by noon on first consideration date: monday,  february 10, 2014 are assured of receiving full consideration. qualified applicants are required to attach the following documents to their online application: NA NA NA NA required. if you need help submitting your online application, please contact neo gov @ 1-877-204-4442, option 1, for  technical assistance. if you have other questions related to this job announcement, please contact human resources, search & selection  specialist, jody (mary) anderson at 651.793.1811. tty users call 651.772.7687. notice: in accordance with the mnscu vehicle fleet safety program, employees driving on university business who  NA records check. metropolitan state university is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.  the university does not  discriminate on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, including transgender status or gender expression,  marital status, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, or veteran's status in employment, education,  and all other areas of the university. the university provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals  with disabilities upon request. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 january 2014 and was available online from 24 january 2014 through 7 march 2014. minnesota su, mankato english,  230 armstrong hall mankato mn 56001