core division the core division at champlain college is charged with delivering a four year integrated, interdisciplinary curriculum  to all traditional undergraduate students. we have an opening for a faculty member in the field of rhetoric  and composition, to be appointed at the rank of assistant professor. we seek applications from individuals who are  motivated to deliver general education courses at an institution whose mission is professional education and who are  committed to creative and innovative pedagogy, collaborative teaching, and curriculum development. the typical teaching load is four courses per semester. while there is no research requirement for retention, ongoing  professional activity/development is strongly encouraged and supported. out of classroom responsibilities include  course/curriculum development, student advising, industry outreach, student team/project supervision, and service to  the department, division and college.  terminal degree required; ph.d. in rhetoric/composition strongly preferred. only applicants who have experience  teaching first year composition will be considered; experience in writing across the curriculum/writing in the disciplines,  visual rhetoric, or information literacy is desired.  the successful candidate will be able to help build intercultural understanding and demonstrate multicultural perspectives  that can foster a diverse and inclusive community both inside and outside of the classroom.  to apply, please submit a letter of application indicating familiarity with and interest in our approach to general  education and discussing how you envision contributing to our work in the core division, as well as a cv online  to www.champlain.edu/hr. deadline for applications is october 25, 2013. the successful completion of a criminal   background check is required as a condition of employment. for more information on the core division, please visit:     champlain college values, supports and encourages diversity of backgrounds, cultures and perspectives among students,  faculty and staff. we are an equal opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013. middlebury c english 