the department of english  at macewan university invites applications for a continuing position at the rank of assistant  professor to commence on july 1, 2014, subject to budgetary approval. the successful applicant will have completed a phd in british literature of the victorian period by the commencement  date. applicants must demonstrate the potential to contribute to the department in the following areas: 1) successful  undergraduate instruction (including honours supervision, senior level courses in victorian literature, and  first year courses in composition and literature); 2) promising and ongoing scholarship; 3) participation in departmental  and university service.  applicants should provide a cover letter, vita, teaching portfolio (including recent student evaluations and descriptions  of projected 300 or 400 level courses), sample(s) of recent scholarship, a statement of research interests, graduate transcripts  and three letters of reference (under separate cover). review of applications will begin january 31, 2014. please direct any questions to dr. jillian skeffington, chair of the  english  department at skeffingtonj@ macewan .ca. applications must be submitted online by visiting our website at www.macewan.ca. click on careers at macewan  university to apply. this position is included under the faculty association collective agreement. employment category: full time continuing salary range: commensurate with education and experience closing date: friday, february 28, 2014 quote competition no: 13.11.136 all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given  priority. macewan university thanks all applicants for their interest in employment with us; however only those selected for  interviews will be contacted. apply to: human resources department macewan university university services centre NA edmonton ab t5j 4s2 fax: (780) 497 5430 e mail: careers@ macewan .ca this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 december 2013 and was available online from 6 december 2013 through 28 february 2014. ryerson u english,  350 victoria st toronto on m5b 2k3 canada