the department of english  at tennessee tech university invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor  position to direct the university's writing center and teach undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric, argu  ment, and writing pedagogy as well as general education composition, to begin august 2014. candidates must have  earned a phd in rhetoric and composition or in english  with a specialization in rhetoric and composition by august  1, 2014; possess successful experience teaching college level courses and working with english  language learners;  possess tutoring and leadership experience in a writing center; and possess knowledge of writing center theory  and pedagogy. the candidate must also have a commitment to the continued improvement of teaching, utilizing  research based practices; be able to interact effectively with students, faculty, and other university personnel; and have  a demonstrated capability for and interest in research. dissertation or other significant research experience relevant to  writing centers or tutoring is preferred. writing center responsibilities include coordination of daily operations, tutor  training, and tutoring. standard departmental teaching load is 4 4, and writing center work provides a course release  of 1 1. all applicants must apply online at   of application that describes teaching experience and interests, writing center experience, and research interests;  2) a curriculum vitae; 3) copies of all post secondary transcripts (official transcripts for all degrees conferred required  upon hire); 4) a statement of teaching philosophy; and 5) email addresses for three professional references who will  be contacted via email to upload recommendation letters. candidates selected for campus interviews may be asked to  provide additional materials. screening begins january 15, 2014; open until filled. aa eeo [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 20 december  2013. tennessee tech u english,  po box 5053 cookeville tn 38505