auburn university seeks a non-tenure track faculty administrator to serve as assistant director of university writing  NA required for sacscoc accreditation. this is a continuing 12-month, non-tenure track faculty position with faculty  benefits and a salary commensurate with experience and qualifications. because this project builds upon the work of a university-wide writing initiative established in 2010, we seek a dynamic  NA focused on integrative career/professional eportfolios. the successful candidate will demonstrate an understanding  of the potential of eportfolios to promote student learning across multiple disciplines and be willing to work closely  with the director of university writing and others in the office of university writing to: 1) support faculty in adding  eportfolios into departmental and co-curricular programs and 2) support students through workshops, face-to-face  tutoring, and on-line resources. primary responsibilities include: NA NA departments and co-curricular programs and designing and delivering appropriate faculty support for such efforts NA training for student writing consultants and eportfolio peer assistants and develop programs to support students as they  compose appropriate documents and create an integrative eportfolio NA components  NA NA visual literacy, critical thinking through reflection, and technical competence) and the impact of the project on the  campus and then generating reports for various stakeholders NA NA lab, the miller writing center, and the biggio center for the enhancement of teaching and learning to arrange  and deliver workshops for students and faculty and expand peer-tutoring programs NA and national conferences and to have a demonstrated professional interest in the larger conversations about eportfolios  and their impact on student learning. NA pedagogy, integrative learning strategies, and technology-enriched learning. demonstrated knowledge and experience  in using eportfolios to enhance student learning in various disciplines. demonstrated ability to work in a  collaborative team and to design and deliver instructional support to faculty and students. ability to communicate  effectively to multiple audiences. desired qualifications: ph.d. desired. experience and/or course work related to visual literacy, critical thinking, and/ or the transition from college to career will be valued. experience and interest in writing in the disciplines, faculty  development, assessment, and/or program administration are advantageous. starting date no later than june 1, 2014 is preferred. the candidate selected for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in the united states at  the time appointment is scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of employment. applications will be accepted online at https:// aufacultypositions .peopleadmin .com/ postings/ 363........................ please have the following  documents ready to upload: letter of application, curriculum vitae, the names and contact information for  three professional references, a position statement about the connections between eportfolios and student learning,  and transcripts (official transcripts required only upon hire). review of applications will begin january 13, 2014 with  campus interviews and workshop-type presentation expected in february-march, 2013. auburn university is an affirmative  action/equal opportunity employer.  women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 december 2013 and was available online from 13 december 2013 through 24 january 2014. auburn u, montgomery english 