 the department of humanities at michigan technological university invites applications for a tenure track position  in professional and technical communication to begin august 2014. the preferred candidate will demonstrate  promise of excellence in scholarship and teaching in the field of professional and technical communication, broadly  defined. the preferred candidate will have expertise in one or more of the following areas: international technical  communication; science, medical, public health, and/or environmental communication; information management.  additional areas of expertise include: digital design, development, and writing; content management systems and online  publishing platforms; usability theories and practices. the department's graduate and undergraduate programs afford faculty unique opportunities to teach and engage in  research that both shapes and benefits from a rich multi disciplinary environment. the department offers doctoral and  master degrees in the interdisciplinary rhetoric and technical communication program and undergraduate major  degrees in scientific and technical communication; communication, culture, and media; liberal arts; and english,  including english  with a concentration in secondary education. the usual tenure track teaching load is 2 courses (6  hrs.) per semester. please see our website:   please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three confidential letters of recommendation to: dr. marika seigel professional and technical communication search committee department of humanities 1400 townsend drive houghton, mi 49931 1295 review of applications begins on november 1, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. candidates should  have or expect to receive the ph.d. by august 1, 2014. michigan technological university is an equal opportunity educational institution/equal opportunity employer. michigan tech is an internationally renowned doctoral research university, with a diverse community of 7,000 undergraduate  and graduate students and cross disciplinary faculty. located on lake superior in houghton, mi, its  community offers year round recreational and cultural opportunities. michigan tech is an advance institution, one of a limited number of universities in receipt of nsf funds in support  of our commitment to increase diversity and the participation and advancement of women in stem. michigan tech acknowledges the importance of supporting dual career partners in attracting and retaining a quality  workforce. visit: www .dual .mtu .edu this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. michigan tech u