the university of waterloo department of english  language and literature is accepting applications for a position at  the rank of lecturer. the successful candidate will become the coordinator of the teaching assistants in the department's  writing courses, in particular for the sections of those courses that support arts and business and other business  programs located in other faculties at waterloo. the position will involve both classroom and online teaching, course  development, oversight and coordination of tas, and research into business technical writing pedagogy. while this  is initially a three year contract position, the successful candidate will be entitled to consideration for continuing  lecturer status at the completion of the contract. the successful candidate will have a completed phd and substantial  teaching experience by the time of appointment, and will provide evidence of experience in course design. evidence  of successful teaching of business writing, technical writing, or communication design at a university, a record of  pedagogical innovation, and a record of publication in the areas of technical communication or pedagogy will be considered  important assets. an appointment date of 1 july 2014 is preferred. consideration of applications will begin on 25 october 2013 and  continue until the position is filled. application materials should be submitted online as pdf files through interfolio.  please include a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and or link to an e portfolio, and arrange  for three letters of reference to be uploaded (addressed to dr. fraser easton, chair, department of english  language  and literature, university of waterloo) via the following link: apply .interfolio .com  23246. more information about  the department is available at   chair, fraser easton, at 519 888 4567, ext. 33359 (e mail: englishchair@ uwaterloo .ca). all qualified candidates are  encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. the university of waterloo  encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible minorities, native  peoples and persons with disabilities. this appointment is subject to the availability of funds. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 september 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 28 november 2013. u of waterloo english, 