the department of critical media and cultural studies at rollins college invites applications for a visiting assistant  professor faculty position beginning august 25, 2014. we are a small, highly collaborative program grounded in multiculturalism,  equality, and social justice and seek a candidate who will flourish in such an environment. the successful candidate for the position shall: possess an earned ph.d. in a field relevant to cultural and or media  studies from an accredited institution by the time of appointment (advanced abds with scheduled defense date considered);  have an active program of scholarship; and demonstrate willingness and capacity to teach core courses (introduction  to media and cultural studies; researching media and culture; critical theory). the successful candidate  also will have opportunities to devise and teach elective courses in her his area s of specialization (e.g., cultural theory,  critical race studies, peace studies, media and social justice, political economy of media, critical industry studies,  independent media, peace journalism, human rights journalism, public interest journalism, etc.). the teaching load is  NA also of interest, though not required, are any of the following: NA NA NA NA NA the college offers generous research, conference, and international travel funds. interested candidates must apply online through rollins' employment website at www .rollinsjobs .com. applicants  must upload the following materials when applying for this position: (1) cover letter (2) curriculum vita (please include at least 3 three professional references) only questions may be directed to: dr. denise k. cummings, chair department of critical media and cultural studies email: dcummings@ rollins .edu please do not send application materials to dr. cummings. review of applications will begin february 1, 2014. through its mission, rollins college is firmly committed to creating a just community that embraces multiculturalism;  persons from historically under represented minority groups are therefore encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 31 january 2014. rollins c