the writing and rhetoric program at hobart and william smith colleges invites applications for a tenure track position,  open rank, beginning fall 2014. ideal candidates hold the phd in rhetoric and composition or related field.  NA in rhetorical theory, discourse analysis, rhetorical grammar, or composition pedagogy; and the entry level writing  course, which serves both our majors/minors and the general curriculum. the successful candidate will eventually share administrative duties with other program members, which could include  participating in the writing colleagues program, wac/wid initiatives, or writing program development.  candidates must offer evidence of teaching excellence and a developed research agenda. application files should be submitted for review by december 13, 2013. send through interfolio via the link above a  letter of interest, curriculum vitae, official graduate transcript, statements of teaching and research interests, and three  letters of recommendation to: margueritte s. murphy, acting chair  writing and rhetoric program hobart & william smith colleges 300 pulteney street geneva, new york 14456 eoe hobart and william smith colleges are committed to attracting and supporting faculty and staff that fully represent  the racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity of the nation and actively seek applications from under represented groups.  the colleges do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, age, disability,  veteran's status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression or any other protected status. hobart and william smith colleges are a highly selective residential liberal arts institution located in a small, diverse  city in the finger lakes region of new york state. with an enrollment of approximately 2,200, the colleges offer 62  majors and minors from which students choose two areas of concentration, one of which must be an interdisciplinary  NA mission. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 november 2013 and was available online from 15 november 2013 through 27 december  2013. hobart & william smith colleges