the department of media, culture, and communication seeks to fill a position in the area of contemporary media: assistant professor (tenure track). the department invites applications for a beginning assistant professor for appointment  effective september 1, 2014. we are seeking to fill a position in the area of contemporary media and are open  to candidates from a wide range of sub areas and methodological perspectives. the successful candidate will extend  existing strengths within the department, specializing in an area such as internet policy and governance; media and  design; digital labor; media and race, class, gender, or sexuality; mobile media and culture. a demonstrated commitment  to excellence in scholarship and teaching is required. responsibilities include undergraduate and graduate teach  ing and advising, departmental and university service. qualified candidates should have a phd and an active agenda  of research, publication, and teaching. applications: please apply online, sending a cover letter, cv, names and contact  information for three references, and a brief sample of work to mccnyusearch@ gmail .com . review of applications  will begin on november 1, 2013. nyu is committed to building a culturally diverse educational environment and strongly encourages applications  from historically underrepresented groups. the department of media, culture, and communication is home to 29 full time faculty and serves approximately  NA global network university, which includes nyu abu dhabi, nyu shanghai, and academic centers around the  world; its present participation emphasizes sites in paris, prague, buenos aires, and shanghai. nyu steinhardt faculty  may be afforded the opportunity for variable term work at these global study and research sites. for more information  about the department please see   further information about both positions can be obtained from: faculty search committee department of media, culture, and communication steinhardt school of culture, education, and human development new york university 239 greene st., 8th floor new york, ny 10003 email: gitelman@ nyu .edu new york university is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. new york u english, 