the department of english  at valparaiso university seeks a specialist in modern and contemporary global and/or multicultural  literature with a scholarly interest in drama. we especially welcome candidates who come from historically  underrepresented groups or who bring contemporary theoretical approaches to the study of drama, or both. the position  is tenure track, to begin august 2014. ph.d. required. candidates should be interested in working at a university engaged in issues in christian higher education in the lutheran  tradition, that emphasizes excellent teaching and commitment to student learning, and is increasing its international  enrollment and programming. successful applicants will demonstrate a commitment to cultural diversity and  the ability to work with individuals or groups from diverse backgrounds. teaching load is normally three courses per  semester and includes upper division, graduate, and general education courses. traditional service functions, such as  advising and committee work, are expected. publications are necessary for advancement. salary competitive. submit a letter of interest, cv, and three letters of recommendation electronically through interfolio with the link  provided. cv and letters must be received by nov. 1 and will be acknowledged. we will request writing samples  from candidates we wish to consider further. for questions about the department or university, please contact professor  elizabeth burow flak, chair, department of english,  valparaiso university, valparaiso, in 46383. (betsy  .burowflak@ valpo .edu). preliminary interviews will be conducted at the mla convention in chicago prior to invitations for campus visits.  employment at valparaiso university will require a satisfactory criminal background check. valparaiso university  does not unlawfully discriminate and aims to employ persons of various backgrounds and experiences to help constitute  a diverse community. its entire eoe policy can be found at   [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. wabash c english,  po box 352, 301 w wabash av crawfordsville in 47933