assistant professor, tenure track, in modern contemporary drama and performance to teach in the english  department  and commonwealth honors college, beginning fall 2014. will design and teach two general education courses  for the residential honors college in addition to teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in drama and performance  theory for the english  department. areas of specialization open, but particular needs include african and  asian american, black british, irish, and anglophone drama and performance; applicants must be conversant with  developments in the field of performance studies.  qualifications: ph.d. in english,  performance studies or related field, a successful research and teaching record, and  commitment to participation in an active and productive department, the honors college, and the five college  community. salary commensurate with qualifications. deadline november 15, 2013. send applications (cover letter,  vita, three recommendation letters, sample of written work) to the drama search committee at the address above.  application materials will not be returned. the university seeks to increase the diversity of its professoriate, workforce and undergraduate and graduate student  NA educational access, and service in an increasingly diverse globalized society. therefore, in holistically assessing  many qualifications of each applicant of any race or gender we would factor favorably an individual's record with students  and colleagues with broadly diverse perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds in educational, research or other  work activities. among other qualifications, we would also factor favorably experience overcoming or helping others  overcome barriers to an academic career or degree. the university of massachusetts is an affirmative action equal  opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of massachusetts english, 