the usc dornsife college of letters, arts and sciences language center invites applications for an associate director  for articulation and assessment. this is a full time, 12 month staff position, which reports to the executive  director of the language center. responsibilities: the associate director will be chiefly responsible for articulation and assessment priorities of the language center.  these include, in cooperation with language program faculty, (1) management of the implementation, analysis, and  assessment of national standards for foreign language learning across language programs at usc dornsife college;  and (2) coordination, administration, and analysis of foreign language placement testing program. qualifications: the ideal candidate will have demonstrated, successful teaching experience at the college level, familiarity with standards  based foreign language instruction and actfl opi and wpt assessment principles, experience with analysis  of learner data, and a degree in applied linguistics, sla, linguistics of a foreign language, or foreign language educa  tion. an ma or ph.d. in one of these areas, actfl opi tester and wpt rater certification, and significant experience  in data collection and statistical analysis, are strongly preferred. a complete application will include: NA NA NA specific qualifications for the position submit application materials: 1. by email (pdf's, please): danbayer@ usc .edu or by regular mail to associate director search committee, usc  dornsife language center, 3501 trousdale parkway, ste. 309, los angeles, ca 90089 4354 2. additionally, applicants must apply online at:   review of applications begins janaury 31, 2014 and will end when position is filled. starting date and salary are negotiable.  interviews may be scheduled during mla in chicago or via skype. usc strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. women and men, and members  of all racial and ethnic groups, are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 11 november 2013 and was available online from 15 november 2013 through 21 february  2014. u of southern california