applications are invited for a tenure track assistant professor position in the english  department at indiana university  northwest. required qualifications include a doctorate in english,  with expertise in modern british literature, with  an acquaintance with post colonial literature. we are also looking a second area of expertise, either n eighteenth century  british literature, fiction writing, professional writing, or critical theory. the position requires teaching  three courses per semester. a research program with publications will be expected. salary and benefits are competitive. to apply, submit electronic copies of letter of intent, vita, transcripts, and three letters of reference to   .peopleadmin .com/ postings/ 660. for questions contact the search committee chair, prof. alan barr, abarr@ iun .edu. review of applications will  begin december 15, 2013; the position will remain open until filled. one of eight campuses of indiana university, iu northwest, is located in metropolitan northwest indiana, approximately  30 miles southeast of chicago and 10 miles from the indiana dunes national lakeshore. the campus has a  diverse student population of over 6,000 students and offers associate, baccalaureate and master degrees in a variety  of undergraduate and graduate programs in arts and sciences, business and economics, education, nursing and health  professions; public and environmental affairs, and social work. iu northwest emphasizes high quality teaching, peer  reviewed research, and service iu northwest is an equal employment opportunity, affirmative action employer  with a commitment to recruiting  and retaining a diverse faculty and staff by expanding employment opportunities for minorities, women and persons  with disabilities. qualified candidates with an interest in developing and implementing curricula that addresses multi  cultural issues and/or with demonstrated success in working with diverse populations of students are strongly encouraged  to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 2 january 2014.  indiana u purdue u, fort wayne english  & linguistics, 2101 e coliseum blvd fort wayne in 46805