the university of maryland, baltimore county seeks a tenure track assistant professor specializing in digital humanities  rhetoric and composition to begin in the english  department in fall 2014. the successful candidate  should have a promising publishing agenda, proven excellence in the classroom, and ph.d. in hand by august 2014. the english  department desires a colleague whose research and pedagogy speak to the areas of rhetoric and composition,  as well as the digital humanities, broadly conceived. areas of specialty might include, but are by no means  limited to, digital diversity, data text mining, digital rhetorics and new media production. the successful candidate  NA and literature and the continued development of our dynamic, innovative first year composition program. the english  department offers undergraduate tracks in both communication & technology (ct) and literature, as well as  NA member is entitled to 2 course releases, usually following contract renewal. additional opportunities for reduced  teaching loads exist. we are especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the track requirements in ct  and, in keeping with a departmental commitment to a diverse curriculum, also develop new courses. ranked #1 in the u.s. news and world report's list of "national up and coming" universities for four years running  NA campus, with almost 14,000 undergraduate and graduate students, reflects the wealth of ethnic and cultural diversity  in the region. umbc is especially proud of the diversity of its student body, and we seek to attract an equally diverse  applicant pool for this position. we have a strong commitment to increasing faculty diversity. please send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to professor jody shipka, english  department,  university of maryland baltimore county, 1000 hilltop circle, baltimore md 21250. application materials  should be postmarked no later than october 15. review of applications will begin immediately. interviews will be  conducted using skype or phone. umbc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 14 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013. us naval acad english,  sampson hall 107 maryland av annapolis md 21402