the department of english  invites applications for a tenure track position at the rank of assistant professor beginning  in september 2014. a ph.d. in american literature, undergraduate teaching experience, and expertise and training in  composition are required. the teaching load at rider university is six sections per academic year and for this position  may include upper division courses in nineteenth century,  twentieth century  and contemporary american literature,  core literature courses, and composition.  the successful candidate is expected to maintain excellence in undergraduate student centered teaching, scholarly  activity, and departmental and institutional service. application review will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. interviews will be conducted  at the mla conference in january. for best consideration, applications should be received by november 15, 2013. rider is a private, coeducational university located near princeton, nj, and within easy driving distance or train  ride to new york city and philadelphia. rider is ranked in the top tier of northern regional universities in the "best  universities (master)" category by us news and world report and is among the top 15% of colleges and universities  in the nation in princeton review's 2007 edition of the best 366 colleges. further information is available at www  .rider .edu. all applicants must complete an on line application at www .rider .edu  hr.........................................., 'employment opportunities,' 'create application';  and attach letter of interest, curriculum vitae, a statement of teaching philosophy and goals, and a detailed  statement of research interests, plans, goals, and needs. undergraduate and graduate transcripts and three letters of  recommendation also are required and can be sent separately to: manager of employment, rider university, 2083  lawrenceville road, lawrenceville, nj 08648 3099. please reference position # 312298. a background check will be  required upon hiring. rider university is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer  dedicated to excellence through diversity and  does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, or any  other non job related criterion. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013. rowan u english, 