the english  department of stern college for women at yeshiva university's beren campus in midtown manhattan  is seeking to appoint a beginning tenure track asst. professor, commencing fall term 2014, with a specialization  in late middle ages/renaissance. we seek candidates whose research and teaching interests may include chaucer,  shakespeare, renaissance drama, and poetry. preference will be given to candidates with a ph.d. as of june 30, 2014,  active research agenda with publications in the field, and college teaching experience. teaching load is 3/3. advising  of majors and other department service will be expected. salary is competitive. please send c.v., letter of application  and three letters of recommendation electronically through bycommittee via the "apply for this position" link above  by november 18. candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional materials. interviews  will be held at mla. direct any queries about this position to prof. linda shires, chair, dept. of english,  NA about us: founded in 1886, yeshiva university (yu) has a strong tradition of combining jewish scholarship with academic excellence  and achievement in the liberal arts, sciences, medicine, law, business, social work, jewish studies, education,  psychology, and more. NA wilf campus, beren campus, brookdale center, resnick campus in the bronx, the gruss institute in jerusalem,  the boys high school in manhattan and the girls high school in queens. from the distinguished faculty who teach  NA that we do and for all those we serve. we seek to attract and retain engaged and committed individuals who contribute  to an exciting working environment, where there is a sense of community and belonging, balanced with a significant  cross section of people from diverse backgrounds working and studying together. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. york c, cuny english, 