the department of spanish and portuguese seeks to appoint an assistant professor who pursues empirical research in  language contact or bilingualism in the spanish and portuguese-speaking world who will contribute to our on-going  efforts to establish the university of texas at austin as a premier destination for the study of language contact and  bilingualism in iberia and the americas. we are especially interested in researchers who employ experimental, statistical,  or computational methods in the analysis of linguistic phenomena (phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax, or  pragmatics, or a combination of these). the successful candidate will be expected to teach graduate and undergraduate courses, conduct research, publish actively,  and provide service to the department, college, and university. applicants must have evidence of scholarly promise or accomplishment in field, laboratory, or corpus research that  links findings to theory; a commitment to teaching and supervision at the graduate and undergraduate levels; and  native or near-native proficiency in spanish and english.  preference given to applicants with proficiency in a third  research language. applicants must hold a ph.d. in linguistics or related field for appointment as assistant professor or expect to obtain it  within a year of joining the faculty as instructor. applicants should submit a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, a research statement, one or more representative publications,  and three letters of reference to: professor almeida jacqueline toribio, chair of the search committee, at  toribio@ austin .utexas .edu...................................................................................................., with copy to jeff becker at jeffbecker@ austin .utexas .edu.................................... priority will be given to applications  received by december 1, 2013. background check conducted on applicant selected. the university of texas at austin is an aa/eeo employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 3 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 26 december 2013. u of texas, el paso