comparative race and identity of the global african diaspora NA in conjunction with the global studies in arts and humanities  program, and the african american and african studies cross-college, interdisciplinary program in the college of  arts and letters invite applications for a tenure-system, academic year assistant professor position in comparative  race and identity of the global african diaspora. research and teaching interests should be interdisciplinary with  either literary, cultural, media/digital studies and comparative or global approaches to the african diaspora. fields of  specialization include but are not restricted to the following topics: race and identity, postcolonial studies, boundary  crossings, global migrations, and/or trans-cultural/transnational movements. the successful candidate will be expected to teach across the disciplines in undergraduate and graduate courses in  race and community, global dynamics across history and the present, and postcolonial and diaspora studies, as well as  introductory courses in english  studies, global studies, and african american and african studies. all faculty appointed  in the college of arts and letters at michigan state university are expected to contribute to courses in interdisciplinary  arts and humanities. applicants are asked to supply a statement, addressing how their research and teaching interests will contribute to the  position, three confidential letters of recommendation that speak to teaching expertise and scholarly promise, sample  syllabi, and a sample of scholarship not to exceed thirty pages (e.g., dissertation chapter, article, conference paper). the  ph.d. is required by the commencement of the appointment, aug. 15, 2014. the position will be housed in the department  of english,  NA NA programs. the position is posted on the msu applicant page (map), posting #8566, and applications must be uploaded by the  NA 2013 and will continue until the position is filled. for more information on the department of english,  NA american and african studies, visit our websites at: http:// www .english .msu .edu/ http://globalstudies.msu.edu/ https:// www .msu .edu/ ~aaas/ aaas/ home .html questions regarding this search should be directed to professor jyotsna singh, department of english,  singh@ msu  .edu. msu is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  msu is committed to achieving excellence through cultural  diversity. the university actively encourages applications and/or nominations of women, persons of color, veterans  and persons with disabilities. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 16 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013. michigan tech u