NA 2015 academic year. we welcome applications from persons whose research and teaching engage catholicism and  literature; we are open to scholars focusing on american or other regional literatures, comparative peoples world  literatures, or combinations subsets thereof. as an interdisciplinary department, we encourage applications from persons  whose work explores catholic literature (considered by itself or in dialogue with other traditions of christian  literature, e.g., orthodox christianity, protestantism) from a variety of perspectives, disciplines or traditions. persons  able to teach in other programs departments (e.g., english,  creative writing, comparative literature) are encouraged to  identify their interests in these areas. the department of catholic studies is an interdisciplinary department (involving historians, theologians, social  scientists, humanities scholars and others) committed to high quality undergraduate teaching both in its major and  through the university's liberal studies program. depaul is the largest catholic university in the united states, noted  for its diverse student body and commitment to community engagement. depaul is committed to recruiting a diverse  faculty to complement the diversity of its student body and chicago area communities. we encourage members of  underrepresented groups to apply. applicants should electronically submit a formal letter of application describing one's present and future research agendas,  a curriculum vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness, a sample of scholarly work, and names of three academic  references. the committee will begin reviewing applications on march 1, 2014. please do not send applications via  e mail. the doctoral or relevant terminal degree should be in hand by the time of appointment (september, 2014). apply online only: facultyopportunities .depaul .edu  applicants  central?quickfind=51082 please direct queries to dr. michael budde, chair, department of catholic studies, (mbudde@ depaul .edu); or dr.  william cavanaugh, director, cwcit (wtcavana1@ depaul .edu). [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 29 january 2014 and was available online from 30 january 2014 through 13 march 2014.  depaul u english,  2315 n kenmore av arts & letters hall 312 chicago il 60614