the department of english  at baruch college, the city university of new york, is seeking a director for its writing  program. applicants must have a ph.d. in composition and rhetoric or related field. the rank is open, and the position  will either be tenure track or tenured depending on the experience and qualifications of the candidate. college  level administrative and teaching experience is required. applicants should demonstrate a strong record of research in  composition and rhetoric or the potential to make a serious contribution to the field. preference given to candidates  with experience teaching esl and a demonstrated interest in digital environments and/or translingualism. responsibilities  NA of a diverse student population of more than 1600 first year writers per semester; hiring and supervising adjunct  faculty; supporting faculty members teaching in the writing program and developing workshops and seminars; teaching  undergraduate courses in writing and graduate courses in composition pedagogy and theory, as well as electives  NA and managing ongoing assessment of the writing program. we seek an advocate for students who will promote the  advancement of writing and undergraduate learning across the college. significant reduction in teaching load for administrative  duties. the successful candidate must have completed the ph.d. no later than august 2014. candidates should send a letter of application; curriculum vitae; an article length writing sample; evidence of effective  and innovative teaching; and three letters of recommendation to: english .searchwd@ baruch .cuny .edu or by mail to: search committee chair, writing director department of english NA 55 lexington avenue new york, ny 10010 priority is given to applications received by nov 15. review of applications will continue until the position is filled.  baruch college is an equal opportunity employer  and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. it welcomes  applications from women and members of minority groups, as well as from others who would bring additional  NA this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 6 december 2013. brooklyn c, cuny