the department of english  at the university of illinois springfield has one opening, beginning fall 2014, for a composition  instructor. requirements include a graduate degree (m.a., m.s., m.f.a., or ph.d.) in english  or a related  field from an accredited university. the specialty area is open. the position will require teaching composition courses  NA freshman composition in a technological environment is preferred. the position is for one academic year (9 month  appointment) with the possibility of renewal. review of applications will begin december 15, 2013, and will continue  until the position is filled. submit electronic copies of transcripts (unofficial acceptable), letter of application including  a statement of teaching philosophy, and a cv including names and contact information of three references to  NA located in the state capital, the university of illinois springfield is the third campus of the university of illinois. the  uis campus serves over 5,100 students in 20 graduate and 23 undergraduate programs. the academic curriculum of the  campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, an array of professional programs, extensive opportunities in experiential  education, and a broad engagement in public affairs issues. the campus offers many small classes, substantial student  faculty interaction, and a technology enhanced learning environment. its diverse student body includes traditional,  non traditional, and international students. twenty five percent of majors are in 17 undergraduate and graduate online  degree programs, and the campus has received several national awards for its implementation of online learning. uis  faculty members are committed teachers, active scholars, and professionals in service to society. to learn more, visit the  university web page at   action equal opportunity employer.  persons with disabilities, women, and minorities are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. u of illinois, springfield english,  msuhb 3050 1 university plz springfield il 62703