the university of nevada, reno department of english  is accepting applications for the following positions: two positions: lecturer (assistant director)core writing and lecturers in the core writing program. lecturer assistant director, core writing: the assistant director provides administrative service in the core writing  program, i.e., assists with program assessment, conducts outreach workshops, participates in student placement  exam scoring, and orients and mentors new instructors. the assistant director normally teaches six undergraduate  courses in the core writing program. on occasion, there may be opportunities for teaching other courses in the english  department. the position is for one year with the possibility of renewal for two additional years contingent upon  funding and satisfactory performance. lecturers, core writing: we are also seeking multiple lecturers, each of whom will teach eight undergraduate  courses during the academic year, normally six in core writing and two in developmental writing through extended  studies. on occasion, there may be opportunities for teaching other courses in the english  department. lecturers are  also expected to participate in service in the core writing program. positions are for one year with the possibility of  renewal for two additional years contingent upon funding and satisfactory performance. required qualifications: lecturer assistant director: abd in english  (by july 1, 2014), with graduate coursework in composition and demonstrated  expertise in teaching writing. lecturer: abd, mfa, or ma (by july 1, 2014), in english  or closely related field, with graduate coursework in composition  and demonstrated expertise in teaching writing. preferred qualifications: lecturer assistant director: phd in english  or closely related field lecturer: graduate degree in english  or closely related field. eeo aa women and under represented groups are encouraged to apply. to apply for this position, please visit:   the closing date for this position is may 8, 2014 reno, nevada is a metropolitan area of about 300,000 people, located in close proximity to lake tahoe. this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 april 2014 and was available online from 18 april 2014 through 30 may 2014. u of nevada, reno english,  dept of english 