NA the newly established core department at adrian college invites qualified professionals to apply for a full time instructor  position, with training beginning in july, 2014. primary responsibilities are to teach core i and core ii,  which are 1st year introductory skills courses including (but not limited to) writing, speaking, critical thinking and  research. core ii includes a reacting to the past game developed for the adrian college core. these courses are  newly developed, replacing existing english  composition and public speaking courses. course teaching load is 15  hours per semester. the instructor is expected to hold regular office hours and participate in departmental activities. qualifications NA NA NA NA rhetoric, or critical thinking preferred. NA NA NA NA send cover letter, cv, teaching portfolio, transcripts (must have official transcripts for final consideration) and names  and contact information of four references to coresearch@ adrian .edu............................................. applications will be accepted until january  3rd, 2014. adrian college is an equal employment opportunity employer  and women and minorities are encouraged to apply.  if offered a position, finalist must furnish proof of u.s. citizenship or proof of eligibility to work in the u.s. within 3  days of commencing employment. a private, co educational college of liberal arts and sciences related to the united methodist church, adrian college  is a traditional four year residential institution offering a focused undergraduate education with advanced 4+1 master's   programs in four subject areas. the college offers 40 majors and pre professional programs, 26 varsity sports and eight  institutes dedicated to a diverse and personalized approach to education. adrian college features state of the art facilities,  small class sizes and an innovative approach to the academic and personal growth of its students. in recent years, the college has experienced momentous growth garnering national recognition. u.s. news & world  report has recognized adrian college as the '#1 up and coming baccalaureate school in the midwest,' as well as  ranked adrian college as 'regional top baccalaureate college in the midwest' and a 'least debt load college.' most  recently, the college received accolades as a 'best value school.' adrian college is located in southeast michigan,  about 45 minutes from ann arbor and toledo. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 november 2013 and was available online from 27 november 2013 through 8 january 2014. albion c english, 