the english  department at new york city college of technology (city tech), a comprehensive college of the city  university of new york, invites applications for tenure track positions. city tech is the designated college of technology  of the city university of new york, and offers associate and bachelor's degree programs in the schools of arts  and sciences, technology and design, and professional studies. located in downtown brooklyn, the college is convenient  to manhattan and mass transit. for the last five years city tech has been among the leaders in the diversity of  the students it serves among all comprehensive colleges/bachelor's (north) in the annual survey by u.s. news and  world report. students and faculty are from more than 120 countries and speak more than 85 languages, with many  students the first in their families to attend college. the english  department offers general education courses in composition and literature, as well as courses in developmental  reading and writing and in english  as a second language. the department is dedicated to advancing student  success and encourages its faculty to become involved in innovative educational approaches, including utilizing technology  to enhance student achievement and promoting learning communities. faculty members work collaboratively  with other departments to sponsor an annual literary arts festival, roundtable discussions, and other enrichment activities.  a bachelor of science degree in technical and professional writing is currently in development. we are especially interested in candidates with a strong record of teaching, publication, and service. in addition to  teaching and scholarly work leading to publications and presentations, responsibilities include advisement, curriculum  development, and departmental, college wide, and university wide administrative and/or committee assignments. qualifications ph.d.or equivalent in rhetoric and composition, linguistics, literature, or english  education required with substantial  experience teaching composition, developmental writing, developmental reading, and/or english  as a second language  in a college setting. esl applicants should be familiar with language assessment and computer assisted language  learning. compensation cuny offers faculty a competitive compensation and benefits package covering health insurance, pension and retirement  benefits, paid parental leave, and savings programs. we also provide mentoring and support for research, scholarship,  and publication as part of our commitment to ongoing faculty professional development. how to apply visit www .cuny .edu, access the employment page, log in or create a new user account, and search for this vacancy  using the job id (9364) or title. select "apply now" and provide the requested information. candidates should provide a cv/resume and statement of scholarly interests. closing date applications will be accepted until the position is filled with review of resumes to begin 11/14/13. job search category cuny job posting: faculty equal employment opportunity we are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities,  minorities, veterans, and women to apply. we take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence  through diversity and inclusion. eo/aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 29 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 24 january 2014. the new york public libary