tenure track or tenured position requires ph.d. in composition rhetoric or related field (e.g., applied linguistics,  NA such as stretch programs that give first year freshman composition students two semesters to meet their  NA of appropriate research activity is also required. applicants should have awareness of and sensitivity to the educational  goals of a multicultural population as might have been gained in cross cultural study, training, teaching and  other comparable experience. NA year freshman composition students; supervising instruction and assessment in stretch composition courses in  close coordination with writing program administrator (i.e., director of freshman composition); participating in  the committees that oversee writing instruction; participating in hiring and evaluation of faculty teaching in the  stretch program as well as providing professional development for those faculty; helping to develop, assess, and  NA NA excellent teaching, publications, fundraising or grant activity, and committee and other service to the department and  NA NA strategies and advisement. please include the joid number (22728) on all correspondence. subject to budgetary  approval. salary range: commensurate with qualifications and experience. starting date: august 21, 2014 eligibility: employment is contingent upon proof of eligibility to work in the united states. position subject to budgetary  approval. applications should be submitted through interfolio by november 15, 2013. for full consideration send a letter  of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, a separate description of research interests, and  three recent letters of reference through the mla job information list:   NA NA [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december  2013.  santa clara u english,  500 el camino real santa clara ca 95053   lecturer 20830   overview: santa clara university is a comprehensive jesuit, catholic university located in california's silicon valley,  offering its 8,800 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences, business, and engineering, plus  master's, ph.d., and law degrees. distinguished by the highest retention rate and ranked second among all master's  universities in the west by u.s. news and world report, santa clara university is california's oldest operating institution  of higher education. the university is focused on creating an academic community that educates citizens and  leaders who will build a more just, humane, and sustainable world. purpose: the english  department is now searching for up to three full time lecturers to address persistent, programmatic  needs in the teaching of core writing classes. these are nine month, full time, non tenurable teaching appointments  that may be renewed annually by mutual agreement, contingent upon the availability of funds, the need for  services, and excellent teaching and service performance. the initial appointment is for three years with the possibility of  additional terms of three years and then six years contingent on superior performance, persistent programmatic need, and  availability of funds. lecturers have responsibilities in service and instructional leadership, and the department anticipates  continuing employment in these positions, with the possibility of promotion to senior lecturer. the expected teaching  load is 7 courses over three academic quarters (fall, winter, and spring). the expected assignments are primarily in first  year writing courses (3 sequences of the two course sequence of critical thinking and writing) with a seventh course  that may be a course in advanced rhetoric and composition, digital rhetorics, technical writing, business writing, or creative  NA application process: please submit the materials at   this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 march 2014 and was available online from 7 march 2014 through 18 april 2014. santa clara u english, 