the english  department at the university of illinois springfield invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor  position in english,  emphasis creative writing (poetry). ph.d. required. mfa in poetry preferred. experience  or interest in digital and/or online publishing required. preferred secondary fields include contemporary literature,  queer theory, and creative nonfiction. we seek an inventive, dedicated teacher capable of conducting a range of  courses (creative writing, literature, and composition) at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. the successful  candidate would also contribute to our burgeoning campus literary community, which includes a reading series and  NA send a letter of application, cv, and three letters of recommendation electronically to eng@ uis .edu..................... (subject line: creative  writing search) by november 11th. you may also send your application to creative writing search committee,  english  department, uhb 3050, university of illinois springfield, one university plaza, springfield, il 62703.  please indicate if you plan to attend mla. interviews will be conducted at the mla convention in chicago and on  campus. uis is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  persons with disabilities, women, and minorities  are encouraged to apply. located in the state capital, the university of illinois springfield is the third campus of the university of illinois. the  uis campus serves over 5,100 students in 20 graduate and 23 undergraduate programs. the academic curriculum of  the campus emphasizes a strong liberal arts core, an array of professional programs, extensive opportunities in experiential  education, and a broad engagement in public affairs issues. the campus offers many small classes, substantial  student faculty interaction, and a technology enhanced learning environment. its diverse student body includes  traditional, non traditional, and international students. twenty five percent of majors are in 17 undergraduate and  graduate online degree programs, and the campus has received several national awards for its implementation of online  learning. uis faculty members are committed teachers, active scholars, and professionals in service to society. to  learn more, visit the university web page at   english/. uis is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  persons with disabilities, women, and minorities  are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 october 2013 and was available online from 18 october 2013 through 29 november 2013.  u of illinois, springfield english, 