the department of english  & philosophy at auburn university at montgomery invites applications for a tenure track  assistant professor position with an emphasis in composition/rhetoric to begin august 2014. applicants should have  demonstrated excellence in teaching and begun publishing in the field with potential for additional scholarship in  composition with a strong secondary specialty in any of the following: digital rhetoric or humanities, writing program  administration, graduate education in writing pedagogy, writing center pedagogy, and/or professional/technical writing.  NA program, teaching first year composition, upper division, and graduate writing courses, coordinating some portion of  the composition program, collaboratively supervising the teaching practicum, supervising mtw theses and portfolio  NA course releases are available when engaged in administration. qualifications: an earned doctorate in composition/rhetoric or english  with an emphasis in composition/rhetoric  by 1 august 2014; experience teaching first year composition and other writing courses; publication in composition  and strong promise for future publications with a research agenda; experience in writing program administration; experience  working with diverse cultures and identities. NA role in the writing culture of the university and community. writing outreach programs for our students and writers  beyond our campus are an important part of our mission. the department of english  & philosophy, besides offering  a baccalaureate degree in english,  also provides students with the opportunity to minor in creative writing, english   language & literature, philosophy, and writing & editing. the english  & philosophy department values collegiality,  creativity/innovation in teaching, and collaboration across disciplines. the department supports faculty involvement  in honors courses/seminars and the study abroad program. for questions about the department or university, contact dr. darren harris fain, professor and chair of the dept. of  english  & philosophy: dharrisf@ aum .edu. interested applicants should submit a letter of interest, cv, teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation  to the search chair: dr. elizabeth d. woodworth, assoc. professor and director of composition, auburn university  at montgomery, school of liberal arts, dept. of english  & philosophy, p.o. box 244023, montgomery, al, 36124  4023. applicants should also fill out the university application online at www .jobs .aum .edu. screening of applications will begin 6 january 2014 and will continue until the position is filled. expected start date is  1 august 2014. auburn university at montgomery is an equal opportunity employer  committed to achieving excellence through  diversity; therefore, we encourage applications from historically under represented groups. this listing was submitted to the jil on 31 january 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 2 may 2014. samford u english, 