one-year appointment with possibility of renewal dependent upon effective performance. maximum duration of  appointment is three years. established in honor of the university of dayton english  NA poet and first african-american faculty member, the herbert w. martin fellowship is designed to advance inclusive  excellence and creative writing in the university and community by promoting the recruitment, retention, and advancement  of a diverse faculty, especially including those from groups traditionally underrepresented in higher education.  we invite applications from creative writers who demonstrate sustained personal engagement with communities  that are underrepresented in the academy, and who bring this asset to their teaching and scholarship. the fellow is  expected to play an important role in the life of the department during the term of appointment, and to contribute  to our efforts to advance diversity and the arts. responsibilities: teach 2 courses per semester, including creative writing  courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels, non-dominant or non-western literature, and possibly first-year  NA possibly, to other diversity programming. required qualifications: mfa or phd in creative writing within the past 3 years; record of national and regional  publication in fiction; ability to teach a multi-genre introductory course; and ability to teach one or more courses in  non-dominant or non-western literatures. preferred qualifications: experience teaching creative writing at the undergraduate and/or graduate level; experience  in community engagement; demonstrated commitment to advancing inclusive excellence in academic or community  contexts; and interest and skills in writing for new media. the university of dayton, founded in 1850 by the society of mary, is a top ten catholic research university. the  university seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence  in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and service  in the local and global community. for department information, visit http:// www .udayton .edu/ artssciences/ english/.  NA writing sample, one-page statement of teaching philosophy, and c.v., by dec. 2, 2013 at https:// jobs .udayton .edu/  postings/ 11011. to attain its catholic and marianist mission, the university is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion and  affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. we act affirmatively to recruit and hire women,  traditionally under-represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 november 2013 and was available online from 15 november 2013 through 27 december  2013. u of illinois, chicago english, 