job id: 9263 location: baruch college full part time: full time regular temporary: regular closing date december 2, 2013 campus specific information:  the baruch college english  department is seeking an assistant professor (tenure track) in children and or young  adult literature starting in the fall of 2014. we are especially interested in applicants whose approach includes history,  folklore, oral traditions, or contemporary cultures. the successful candidate will be expected to teach undergraduate  courses in children's and or young adult literature, general education courses in writing and world literature, as  well as contribute to the intellectual life of the department. qualifications: ph.d. degree in area(s) of experience or equivalent. also required are the ability to teach successfully, demonstrated  scholarship or achievement, and ability to cooperate with others for the good of the institution. the successful candidate  must have completed the ph.d in english,  comparative literature, or a related field by august 2014. compensation: cuny offers faculty a competitive compensation and benefits package covering health insurance, pension and retirement  benefits, paid parental leave, and savings programs. we also provide mentoring and support for research, scholarship,  and publication as part of our commitment to ongoing faculty professional development. how to apply: applicants should send a cover letter, curriculum vitae and dossier with three letters of recommendation, an article  length writing sample, and evidence of excellent teaching by e mail to: english .searchcylit@ baruch .cuny .edu  or  by mail to: search committee chair, children's and young adult literature box b 240  english  department, baruch college 55 lexington avenue new york, ny 10010 application materials must be received by december 2, 2013; interviews will be held at the mla convention in  chicago. equal employment opportunity: we are committed to enhancing our diverse academic community by actively encouraging people with disabilities,  minorities, veterans, and women to apply. we take pride in our pluralistic community and continue to seek excellence  through diversity and inclusion. eo aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 6 december 2013. baruch c, cuny english,  1 bernard baruch way new york ny 10010