the department of communication and media at rensselaer polytechnic institute in troy, ny invites applications  for a tenured position at the rank of professor and department head in the areas of humancomputer  interaction or  new/digital media. the successful candidate would join an interdisciplinary faculty whose research broadly engages  communication in technologically mediated environments and is situated within the fields of rhetoric, communication,  media studies and design, game studies and design, literature, hci, and anthropology. the department offers  b.s. programs in communication; electronic media, arts, and communication (emac), with the department of  the arts; and games and simulations arts and sciences (gsas), with the department of the arts and department of  cognitive science. the department also offers m.s. degrees in communication and rhetoric, human computer  interaction, and technical communication and a ph.d. in communication and rhetoric. we are especially interested in candidates with expertise in one or more of the following areas: human computer  interaction; digital or new media theory; cultural impacts of new media; social media; media globalization; discourse  studies. candidates should have a ph.d. or appropriate terminal degree, a substantial record of high quality research  and outstanding leadership and administrative skills. a record of securing external funding is preferred. teaching opportunities will be at the undergraduate and graduate level. successful candidates will have an established,  ongoing research program in an area of specialty and contribute to curriculum development within the department  and interdisciplinary programs within the school of humanities, arts, and social sciences and the institute. NA 5,000 undergraduate and 2,500 graduate students from across the country and around the world, the university offers  NA NA  performing arts center (empac) offers scholars and students opportunities for creative interdisciplinary research in  the arts, performance technologies, science, and engineering. screening of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. to apply, please submit  a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information for five (5) professional references to: NA search: dept. head, communication & media attn: kimberley osburn rensselaer polytechnic institute sage 5304 110 8th street troy, ny 12180 or email your application to: osburk@ rpi .edu this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 3 january 2014. rochester inst of tech english, 