the department of english  at appalachian state university invites applications for one, possibly two, tenure track  positions in professional writing at the rank of assistant or associate professor to start july 31, 2014, pending final administrative  and budgetary approval. we seek a faculty member committed to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and  academic service. the successful candidate will maintain an active research program and teach a 3/3 course load at the  upper division undergraduate and graduate level with the opportunity to develop additional courses in areas of special  need or interest. qualifications: a ph.d. in professional/technical communication or a closely related field and evidence of successful  teaching are required. evidence of scholarly publication or activity is desirable and required for appointment at the associate  level. we especially welcome candidates with auxiliary interests in medical writing, grant writing, crisis com  munication, digital humanities, intercultural communication, and/or visual rhetoric. an interest in online teaching is  an additional plus. to ensure full consideration, please send only a letter of application and cv as pdf files to james burniston at  burnistonjc@ appstate .edu. review of applications will begin on nov. 10th and will continue until the position is  filled. only electronic applications will be considered. full dossiers will be requested at a later stage in the search. preliminary  interviews will be conducted by skype. appalachian state university is a member institution of the sixteen campus university of north carolina system.  located in the scenic mountains of boone, nc, it enrolls more than 17,000 students and was recently ranked fourth  NA NA recognized as among the greenest schools in america by the princeton review and the sierra club. additional information  about the department of english,  appalachian state university, and surrounding areas may be accessed at:  www .appstate .edu. appalachian state university is an aa/eeo employer.  the university has a strong commitment to the principles of  diversity and inclusion and to maintaining working and learning environments that are free from all forms of discrimination.  women, individuals with disabilities, veterans and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. individuals  with disabilities desiring accommodations in the application process should contact james burniston at burnistonjc@  appstate .edu. any offer of employment to a successful candidate will be conditioned upon the university's receipt  of a satisfactory criminal background report. documentation of identity and employability of the applicant will be  required before the hiring process can be finalized. for more information, please visit:   employment/ epa jobs/ academic affairs. this listing was submitted to the jil on 8 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013. appalachian su english, 