assistant professor of english  (writing in the disciplines; writing assessment) NA professional or technical writing or writing theory. the other 50% of the position is permanently reassigned  to development and coordination of writing in the disciplines initiatives across campus; coordination of eportfolio  assessment of first year composition program; development and maintenance of an undergraduate writing fellows  program in which students are trained to assist faculty in the wid program. required: ph.d. in composition and  rhetoric or related field from an accredited institution by august 25, 2014; demonstrated ability to collaborate with  faculty and students on discipline specific writing projects; familiarity with the principles of writing program assessment.  preferred: a promising scholarly agenda; demonstrated ability to work with diverse populations; familiarity  with writing fellows programs; experience teaching college level writing courses. tenure decision in fifth year; teaching  excellence, scholarship, and service expected. finalist(s) for this position must communicate well and successfully  complete an interview process as judged by the department faculty. recommendation for hiring is needed from a  majority of the regular, full time faculty within the department or area conducting the search. prior to a final offer of  employment, the selected candidate will be required to submit to a background check including, but not limited to,  employment verification, educational and other credential verification, and criminal background check. filling this  position is contingent upon available funding. application process: submit a cover letter addressing your qualifications and experiences for the position along with  NA bloomsburg university of pennsylvania, 400 east second street, bloomsburg, pa 17815. deadline: for full consideration,  postmarked no later than november 1, 2013. bloomsburg university of pennsylvania encourages applications from  historically under represented individuals, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities and is an aa eeo employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 13 september 2013 and was available online from 13 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. comm c of philadelphia english,  1700 spring garden st philadelphia pa 19130