the faculty of arts and social sciences at simon fraser university surrey invites applications for an eight month  limited term appointment in the world literature program beginning september 1, 2014.  simon fraser university has three closely connected campuses in the metropolitan region of vancouver. the campuses  NA faculty, and students are located at the sfu surrey campus. the world literature program is comparative with  a focus on intercultural exchange. the appointment will be made at the rank of lecturer. the successful applicant will be required to teach three  courses in the fall 2014 semester and three in the spring 2015. applicants must be proficient in at least one language other than english,  and must be qualified to teach literature  from a comparative or interdisciplinary perspective. candidates with expertise in two literary traditions, at least one  of which is non european, will have an advantage. courses to be taught would include an introduction to world literature,  modernism from a world literature perspective and cross cultural regional literatures. applicants should submit a detailed letter of application that addresses teaching philosophy and experience. the letter  must be accompanied by a curriculum vitae and three course proposals that are informed by cross cultural, intercultural,  or comparative issues and methodologies, paying particular attention to wl 100 and wl 201:   .surrey .sfu .ca  wl  courses  descriptions the course proposals should consist of a brief description of the course, a list of potential topics and readings, and a  list of potential assignments. applicants must also arrange for three letters of reference to be sent directly to dr. ken  seigneurie at the email address below. application deadline: friday, march 21, 2014 all materials should be emailed to: dr. ken seigneurie director, world literature program faculty of arts and social sciences simon fraser university c o tracey anbinder at t_ a@ sfu .ca all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  simon fraser university is committed to the principle of equity in employment and offers equal employment opportunities  to qualified applicants. the position is subject to final budgetary approval. under the authority of the university act personal information that is required by the university for academic appointment  competitions will be collected. for further details see the collection notice at:   vpacademic  faculty_ openings  collection_ notice .html [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 february 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 21 march 2014. u of british columbia english,  397 1873 e mall vancouver bc v6t 1z1 canada