the gallatin school of individualized study, new york university, and the department of comparative literature at  new york university invite interdisciplinary scholars to apply for a joint faculty position at the rank of assistant professor  (tenure track) to commence on september 1, 2014. we seek to appoint a scholar in the field of enlightenment   and 18th century studies, whose phd might be in comparative literature, philosophy, or music, among other fields.  NA the literary and philosophical traditions of the long 18th century; literature and music; aesthetics; political theory; cosmopolitanism;  the colonial spaces of the enlightenment; modernity and materialist thought. we have a special interest  in candidates with demonstrated strength in philosophy and literary theory. the ideal candidate will have a strong interest in interdisciplinary teaching and in advising individualized undergraduate  and graduate research programs. to be successful, a candidate will be able to design and teach imaginative  and innovative courses in the field within broad, cross cultural and historically comparative contexts for undergraduates  and masters students, as well as teach advanced graduate seminars and work with phd students in comparative  literature. this joint position will be 50% in the gallatin school, and 50% in the department of comparative literature, faculty  of arts and sciences at nyu, and the tenure home of the candidate will be in the gallatin school. qualifications: ph.d in hand by time of appointment; demonstrated excellence in teaching at the university level; a  strong record of research and writing. founded in 1972, gallatin is a liberal arts college of 1,400 students within new york university. its b.a. and m.a.  programs in individualized study encourage students to develop an integrated, multidisciplinary program of study  NA interdisciplinary seminars, writing courses and arts workshops. the school emphasizes excellent teaching, intensive  student advising and mentoring, and a unique combination of program flexibility and academic rigor. the department of comparative literature at nyu is a leading research department in comparative literary studies.  it seeks in its faculty the capacity to work in several original languages, to achieve historical depth and cultural range,  and to demonstrate a command of the critical and philosophical traditions informing the study of literature. all application materials must be submitted electronically. to apply, please visit www.nyuopsearch.com applicants  central?quickfind=51696 please submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a writing sample (of up to 30 pages), three letters of recommendation,  a statement of your teaching philosophy, and a brief description of three courses you would like to teach. for questions, please contact amber pritchett at amber .pritchett@ nyu .edu deadline for applications: october 4, 2013. applications will be accepted until the position is filled. nyu is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. new york u gallatin school of individualized study, 715 broadway new york ny 10003