full or advanced associate professor of english  to serve as director of first year writing. candidates for the position  must have a substantial record of scholarly achievement in composition studies, an ongoing research agenda, and  expertise and experience both in teaching writing and in administering a writing program. as a member of the english  department, the director will be expected to participate in the intellectual life of the department, and to take  responsibility for training ph.d. and m.a. students, directing ph.d. and m.a. theses and serving on thesis committees  for related topics and disciplines. as director of first year writing, he or she will be expected to develop models for  the teaching of writing, to teach the instructor training practicum course, to supervise non tenure track faculty and  teaching assistants who teach fyw courses, and to initiate and participate in efforts to improve writing instruction  across the university. for fullest consideration, please complete an application which includes the names and email addresses of three references  and upload a letter of application and cv via our online application site at   job details?jobid=35948............................................................................................ by november 11, 2013. letters of application should include a description of past and current  research and of administrative experience and expertise. all inquiries should be addressed to walter benn michaels  at fyp@ las .uic .edu. review of applications will begin immediately and continue through november 11, 2013  or until position is filled. final authorization of the position is subject to availability of state funding. applications  from women and minorities are encouraged. the university of illinois is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of illinois, chicago english,  2031 university hall 601 s morgan st, m c162 chicago il 60607