the university of california, berkeley invites applications for a tenured appointment to the faculty at the associate or  full professor level, to begin july 1, 2014. the candidate will be expected to provide organizational leadership for the  religious diversity cluster of the haas institute for a fair and inclusive society. NA background). the successful candidate will also be considered for appointment to the haas distinguished chair for  the study of religious diversity. the goal of the religious diversity cluster of the haas institute is to study the ways that religious diversity affects  inclusiveness, fairness, tolerance, and other aspects of social cohesiveness, health, and well being. the university seeks  applications from those who study the nature and sources of religious diversity and the implications of this diversity  for the economy, society, and polity. illustrative areas of concern include but are not limited to the following: NA conditions: how social institutions create or inhibit religious diversity and how religious diversity affects social  institutions and religious tolerance and inclusiveness. NA religious doctrines, meanings, practices, and membership; comparisons of diversity across places, times, and cultures. NA beliefs, and identities and of the determinants of tolerance (or intolerance) for this religious diversity. the university encourages applications from social and behavioral scientists, scholars of religion and the humanities,  and cognitive and biological scientists with a strong interest in the causes and consequences of religious diversity. preference will be given to scholars who have demonstrated the potential to make significant research contributions,  who have a clear interest in teaching, and who show leadership potential to lead an interdisciplinary program on religious  diversity within the haas institute for a fair and inclusive society. candidates must have been awarded the ph.d. (or its equivalent) at the time of application. applicants must upload  a cover letter highlighting specific field(s) of study; curriculum vitae; contact information for up to four references  (letters of reference are not required at this time); and one sample of a significant research piece, to   .berkeley .edu  apply  jpf00285. a statement of research and teaching are optional. all letters will be treated as confidential per university of california policy and california state law. please refer potential  referees, including when letters are provided via a third party (i.e., dossier service or career center), to the uc  berkeley statement of confidentiality (  the application deadline is february 14, 2014. early review of applications will begin on december 16, 2013, but all  applications will receive full consideration. applicants may contact brian underwood at brianu@ berkeley .edu with  any questions regarding this recruitment. the university of california is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer  and is committed to addressing  the family needs of faculty, including dual career couples and single parents. for information about potential  relocation to berkeley, or career needs accompanying partners and spouses, please contact the calcierge office at  calcierge@ berkeley .edu or visit calcierge .berkeley .edu. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 13 february  2014.  u of california, berkeley