 the department of english  at the university of toronto, st. george campus, invites applications for a tenure-stream  appointment at the rank of assistant professor in the field of contemporary british and irish literature (post-1960).  the appointment will commence on july 1, 2014. research and teaching interests in all areas of the field will be  considered but we are especially interested in candidates who specialize in literature in the context of historical and  cultural change, specifically as the forms and aims of literature respond to such current concerns as globalization and  national devolution, immigration and emigration, new ethnicities and sexualities, and scientific and technological advances.  applicants must have earned a phd degree in a related field by july 1, 2014 or soon thereafter, with a demonstrated  record of excellence in teaching and research. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. the department of english,  st george campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a department  that is committed to studying the literatures of english  in both their historical depth and their geographical  range. situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the department reflects that diversity in its approach to  english  as a world language. the department is committed to excellence in teaching and research. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting https:///www.handrequity.utoronto.ca. see job # 1300909.  applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy),  a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. if you have  questions about this position, please contact careers .english@ utoronto .ca............................................... all application materials should be submitted  online. the university of toronto application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile;  please combine attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at:  http:// uoft .me/ how-to-apply. applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to careers .english@  utoronto .ca by the closing date, october 31, 2013. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual  minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. for more information about the department of english,  please visit http://www.english. utoronto.ca [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of toronto