dartmouth college seeks an experienced academic professional to serve as interim director of student support services  NA information technology (rwit). key responsibilities include: hiring, training, and supervising tutors and writing assistants, assessing rwit, overseeing  the annual budget, leading collaborative rwit junior and senior teams, and interacting with other offices at the  college. teaching includes a total of two courses for the year (dartmouth is on the quarter system). the director  maintains a scholarly research agenda at a level appropriate to the position. the institute for writing and rhetoric is committed to diversity in our faculty. women and minorities are especially  encouraged to apply. the appointment is for a one year term. start date: august 1, 2014. applications accepted until the position is filled;  applications review begins june 30th. further information and application instructions at:   this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 june 2014 and was available online from 6 june 2014 through 18 july 2014. phillips exeter academy office of the dean of faculty, 20 main street exeter nh 03833   english  instructor and chinese instructor 20618   phillips exeter academy has multiple, full time faculty positions to begin in the fall of 2014. please visit our website  for complete listings: www .exeter .edu ms. salcedo will be available to meet during the mla convention on friday, january 10th by appointment. you can  contact her at: rsalcedo@ exeter .edu english  instructor the english  department is seeking a full time english  instructor to begin teaching in the fall of 2014. an advanced  degree and secondary school teaching experience are preferred. contributions to other areas of boarding school life  will include dormitory residence, advising, coaching and committee work. phillips exeter academy is an equal opportunity  employer. language instructor the modern languages department is seeking a full time instructor with native fluency in mandarin chinese, and  near native fluency in either spanish or french to begin teaching in the fall of 2014. the ideal candidate will have a  NA to other areas of boarding school life will include dormitory residence, interscholastic or club sports and/or committee  work. phillips exeter academy is an equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 january 2014 and was available online from 11 january 2014 through 15 march 2014.  southern new hampshire u