the university of virginia, college and graduate school of arts & sciences center for information technology  seeks an instructional technologist with experience in second language acquisition. the instructional technologist  will provide support for the institute for world languages and is responsible for research and development of innovative  technologies in teaching and research with primary focus on second language acquisition. in addition, this position  will provide daily oversight and a high level of customer service and support to the language lab, equipment loans  and videoconference services. responsible for equipment and software specification and recommendation, inventory  and asset management and equipment management. this position will coordinate installation, configuration and  maintenance of videoconferencing and teleconferencing.  applicants must have a master's degree in instructional technology, instructional design, educational technology or  related field. a doctorate degree is preferred. experience working in a college, university, or other academic environment  is preferred.  at least 3 years of experience with integrating technology into teaching and learning in an educational environment  (k 12 or higher education) is required. at least three years of experience working with second language acquisition,  and or english  as a new language english  as a second language is also required. candidates must show evidence  of an ability to communicate verbally and in writing with colleagues, peers, and students; an ability to work independently  and collaboratively; strong program management competence and attention to detail; ability to prioritize  multiple tasks and meet deadlines; a dedication to superior customer service. expertise will include audio and video  skills; the ability to capture and convert analog and digital data; course management software such as collab, elluminate,  blackboard, etc. must have some familiarity with a range of web design products. demonstrated effective  interpersonal communication skills with a broad audience (such as students, faculty, and administrators) and ability  to communicate with and teach faculty who may have a broad range of experience and abilities with technology is  required. ability to remain up to date on technology developments, to inform faculty of technology developments,  and respond to problems in a timely and professional manner. five years or more of experience in instructional technology and second language acquisition experience are preferred.  instructional design experience is also preferred. to apply, candidates must complete a candidate application through jobs@uva (  posting number 0613122, and electronically attach the following required documents: a cover letter describing interest  in the position, current cv resume and contact information for three references.  the university of virginia is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer  committed to diversity, equity, and  inclusiveness. this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 march 2014 and was available online from 14 march 2014 through 25 april 2014. virginia military inst english,  rhetoric & humanistic studies, 227 scott shipp hall lexington va 24450