Modern Language Association 

J 

Job
Information 

List 

I 

L 

English Edition • february 2006 

Contents 

Accessing the Electronic JIL and Subscription Information .................................... inside front cover 

Information for Candidates ................................................................................................................... i 

List of Administrations Censured by the AAU P ................................................................................. ii 

Departmental Job Listings 

US Colleges and Universities................................................................................................................ 1 

Canadian Institutions.......................................................................................................................... 19 

Department Chairs/Deanships........................................................................................................... 20 

Comparative Literature...................................................................................................................... 21 

Linguistics and ESL............................................................................................................................. 22 

Nonacademic Listings......................................................................................................................... 23 

Overseas Institutions........................................................................................................................... 23 

Postdoctoral Listings........................................................................................................................... 24 

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 

Subscription Information 

The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The cost of 
an online-only subscription is $38. The cost of a print-only subscription is $50 in the United States and Canada and 
$70 elsewhere. The cost of a subscription to both online and print versions is $70 in the United States and Canada 
and $90 elsewhere. The List is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to 
all other areas; delivery should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are 
projected dates only and are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 

February issue 15 February 2006
April issue 14 April 2006 

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i 

Browning—Documents—JIL (Feb 06) File: JIL-ENG_FM.indd Job #: 130-20 00/00/00–INIT 



Information for Candidates 

In This Issue 

The February issue contains notices describing approximately 125 definite and possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by 
state, contains information on definite or possible vacancies and 
notices from departments that expect no vacancies but would 
nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this 
time. Send letters only to departments expressing an interest in a 
person with your qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies 
are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file 
of prospective candidates, you must decide in each case whether it 
is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main 
body of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, 
and other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement 
bureau to any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate 
a one-page vita sheet to enclose with any letters of application or 
inquiry. In your letter of application, it is probably wise to express 
a willingness to be interviewed at the department’s convenience. 
Professional meetings provide a convenient opportunity for such 
interviews. 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys 
indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language 
departments have begun recruiting by the end of December and 
that the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting 
process until spring, in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind 
of institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount 
the small colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a 
wide selection of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates 
before or during the interview about prospects for tenure in the 
specific position under consideration and about the tenure policies 
and practices in their departments and institutions. If the information 
is not offered, candidates are urged to inquire about 
these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for 
departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions 
either by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by 
applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate 
Assembly in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants 
for the cost of such shipment; and 

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples 
and other application materials from job applicants reimburse 
applicants for the cost of duplicating their writing samples 
and other materials; and 

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations 
for the costs of travel and accommodations incurred when 
visiting the campus for interviews. 



ii ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2006 

Browning—Documents—JIL (Feb 06) File: JIL-ENG_FM.indd Job #: 130-20 00/00/00–INIT 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


List of Administrations Censured 

by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors 
of the administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as 
evidenced by a past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized 
principles of academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, 
the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and 
more than 150 other professional and educational organizations. The 
1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom and Tenure may be found 
in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote 
of the Association’s Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but 
specifically upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes 
the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. 
This censure does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership 
in the Association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the 
institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, 
in order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain 
from accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on 
the censure list. Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the 
Association does not assert that such an unqualified obligation exists 
for its members; it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they 
seek information on present conditions of academic freedom and tenure 
from the Association’s Washington office and prospective departmental 
colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, 
possessed of the facts, to make the proper-decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed 
below. Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe 
citations in parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be 
made to “Developments Relating to Censure by the Association” and 
to the “Report of Committee A,” each of which appears annually in 
Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . 1963 

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . 1969 

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . 1975 

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . 1976 

University of Osteopathic Medicine and Health Sciences (Iowa) 
(April 1977, 82–87) . 1977 

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . 1978 

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . 1978 

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . 1980 

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . 1982 

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) . 1983 

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) . 1984 

Westminster College of Salt Lake City (November-December 1984, 
1a–10a) . 1985 

Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . 1986 

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . 1987 

Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . 1987 

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . 1988 

Maryland Institute, College of Art (May-June 1988, 49–54) . 1988 

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May-June 1989, 35–45) . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . 1990 

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . 1992 

Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . 1992 

Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . 1993 

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54–64) . 1993 

Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . 1993 

University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . 1994 

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . 1994 

Nyack College (New York) (September-October 1994, 73–79) . 1995 

Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . 1995 

Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . 1995 

Essex Community College (Maryland) (May-June 1995, 40–50) . 1995 

St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 
41–46) . 1996 

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . 1997 

Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . 1998 

University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . 1998 

Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . 1998 

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . 1999 

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
( January-February 2000, 54–
63 . 2000 

Charleston Southern University ( January-February 2001, 63–77) . 2001 

University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . 2002 

Tiffin University (Ohio) ( January-February 2002, 53–63) . 2002 

Philander Smith College (Arkansas) ( January-February 2004, 57–68) . 2004 

Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . 2005 

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 2004, 56–78) 2005 



February 2006 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 1 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (Feb 06) File: JILeng_list_FEB06_P2T1.indd Job #: 130-20 1/20/06–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


Ala ba ma 

Jacksonville SU 

English, 700 Pelham Rd N Jacksonville AL 36265 

Assistant professor of English 2090 

http:// jsu.
edu 

Duties: Responsible for teaching speech, composition, and literature according 
to department practice and policy. Qualifications: Ph.D., generalist, 
but preference may be given to applicants knowledgeable about 
comparative literature and/or 
ESL. Rank and salary contingent upon 
qualifications, experience, and needs of university. If this tenure-track 
position is not filled as tenure-track, applicants may be considered for a 
temporary or visiting position for one year. Send application (available on 
our web site at www.jsu.edu), resume, copies of transcripts, and names/ 
addresses/
phone numbers of at least three references to Jacksonville 
State University, Human Resources, 700 Pelham Road North, Jacksonville, 
AL 36265. Applicants selected for an interview will be required to 
supply official transcripts and current letters of reference. Minority applicants 
are encouraged to apply. Reference number 21006. An EO/ AA 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of North Alabama 

English, Box 5043 Florence AL 35632 

Instructor or Assistant Professor of Early Modern Studies 1847 

http://www.
una.edu 

The University of North Alabama is accepting applications for the position 
of Instructor or Assistant Professor of English in Early Modern studies 
for the 2006–07 academic year, which begins in August. A doctorate 
in English is required for tenure-track appointment; ABD considered for 
temporary appointment at instructor rank, pending completion of doctorate 
by August 2007. The position is open to a broad range of specialties 
including, but not limited to, colonial, gender, global, international, and 
postcolonial approaches to early modern literature and culture. Experience 
in teaching drama is very desirable. College teaching experience is 
required. The successful candidate is expected to demonstrate excellence 
in teaching, develop and maintain an active program of research, and 
participate in college service and student advising. Teaching assignments 
range from first-year composition (which all faculty teach) to advanced 
undergraduate and graduate courses in appropriate areas of expertise. Depending 
upon education and experience, the salary range for instructor 
is $39,080-$45,526; the range for assistant professor is $48,742-$52,315. 
Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching 
interests, graduate and undergraduate transcripts (official transcripts 
needed before hiring) and three letters of reference to: Director of Human 
Resources, UNA Box 5043, University of North Alabama, Florence, AL 
35632-0001. Review of applications will begin immediately. (Visit our 
website at http://www.
una.edu.) UNA is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to achieving excellence and strength through diversity. UNA 
seeks a wide range of applicants for this position so that one of our core 
values, promotion of ethnic and cultural diversity, will be affirmed. 

U of North Alabama 

English, Box 5043 Florence AL 35632 

Instructor of English 1846 

http://www.
una.edu 

The University of North Alabama is accepting applications for the position 
of non-tenure track Instructor in the Department of English for the 
2006–2007 academic year, which begins in August 2006. The primary 
focus of the position is first-year composition. The position requires strong 
commitment to excellent undergraduate teaching in first-year composition 
and sophomore literature courses. A Master of Arts degree in English 
is required. The salary range is $39,808-$45,526, depending on education 
and experience. Submit a letter of application accompanied by a detailed 
vita (including official transcripts) and three letters of recommendation to: 
Director of Human Resources and Affirmative Action, UNA Box 5043, 
University of North Alabama, Florence, Alabama 35632-0001. Review 
of applications will begin immediately. For additional information visit 
our web site at www2.una.edu/English/. 
UNA is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to achieving excellence and strength through 
diversity. 
UNA seeks a wide range of applicants for this position so that 
one of our core values, promotion of ethnic and cultural diversity, will be 
affirmed. 

U of North Alabama 

English, Box 5043 Florence AL 35632 

Instructor or Assistant Professor of English 1845 

http://www.
una.edu 

The University of North Alabama is accepting applications for the position 
of Instructor (ABD) or Assistant Professor (PH.D.) in the Department of 
English for the 2006–2007 academic year, which begins in August 2006. 
A doctorate in English with a specialty in Rhetoric and Composition is 
required for tenure-track appointment; ABD considered for temporary 
appointment at instructor rank, pending completion of doctorate by August 
2007. Secondary areas of specialization might include linguistics, 
professional writing, electronic text production, or basic writing. Teaching 
assignments range from f irst-year composition (which all faculty 
teach) to advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in Rhetoric and 
Composition. The successful candidate will exhibit the ability to contribute 
to the development of the University Writing Center, advanced writing 
courses, and the writing concentration in the English major. College 
teaching experience is required. The successful candidate is expected to 
demonstrate excellence in teaching, develop and maintain an active program 
of research, and participate in college service and student advising. 
Depending upon education and experience, the salary range for instructor 
is $39,808-$45,526; the range for assistant professor is $48,742-$52,315. 
Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching 
interests, graduate and undergraduate transcripts (official transcripts 



2 ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2006 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (Feb 06) File: JILeng_list_FEB06_P2T1.indd Job #: 130-20 1/20/06–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


needed before hiring) and three letters of reference to: Director of Human 
Resources and Affirmative Action, UNA Box 5043, University of North 
Alabama, Florence, AL 35632-0001. Review of applications will begin 
immediately. For additional information visit our web site at www2.una 
.edu/English/. 
UNA is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to 
achieving excellence and strength through diversity. UNA seeks a wide 
range of applicants for this position so that one of our core values, promotion 
of ethnic and cultural diversity, will be affirmed. 

Ca lifornia 

California SU, Bakersfield 

English, 9001 Stockdale Hwy Bakersfield CA 93311 

Lecturer in English 2136 

http://www.
csub.edu/ english 


The Department of English seeks a Ph.D. in English with a primary area 
in English Renaissance non-dramatic Literature and a secondary field, 
preferably in Restoration and Eighteenth Century English Literature. 
The successful candidate will teach up to 9 courses, graduate and undergraduate, 
including composition and introduction to literature, over three 
quarter terms, and may be asked to teach occasionally at our satellite campus 
in Lancaster and via Instructional Television. The position is nontenure-
track and begins in fall 2006. Please send letter of application, vita, 
and 3 letters of recommendation to Sophia Adjaye, Chair, Department of 
English, California State University, Bakersfield, 9001 Stockdale Highway, 
Bakersfield, California 93311. Application deadline is February 28, 
2006. CSUB fosters and appreciates ethnic and cultural diversity among 
its faculty and students and is committed to increasing the diversity of 
its faculty to reflect the diversity of the campus community. Applications 
from women, ethnic minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities 
are especially welcome. [R] 

Mira Costa C 

Letters, 1 Barnard Dr, MS 8C Oceanside CA 92056 

ENGLISH INSTRUCTORS 2122 

http://www.
miracosta.edu/info/
admin/ HR/
jobs/ 

ENGLISH INSTRUCTORS 

Closing Date: February 14, 2006 

As an open-door college, MiraCosta College is committed to literacy in a 
diverse educational community. The Letters Department provides opportunities 
for all students to learn skills to become competent writers and 
readers. Assessed by a placement examination, students are advised into 
sequenced writing courses from basic skills to transfer. Graduates must 
demonstrate writing prof iciency by meeting the English Competency 
Requirement. The Department believes a literate community is essential 
to a democratic society which upholds values and ideals of the humanities 
and liberal arts traditions. 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 

Two full-time, tenure-track positions, beginning August 2006, primarily 
to teach composition at the basic skills and transfer levels. In addition 
to the standard teaching load, all faculty members are expected to spend 
an additional 25 hours per week attending to their fair share of other duties 
(department and committee meetings and activities, curriculum development, 
participation in collegial governance, community outreach, 
etc.) necessary for the smooth functioning of the college. Adherence to all 
District policies and procedures is expected. The individuals selected for 
these positions are subject to assignment to any district facility during any 
hours of operation. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 

A Master’s degree in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition; 
OR Bachelor’s in any of the above and Master’s in linguistics, 
TESL, speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, 
or journalism; OR a valid appropriate California teaching credential 
authorizing instruction in a community college; OR the equivalent. Sensitivity 
to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, 
disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students. 

DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: 

Study or course work in rhetoric and composition theory and practice. 
Ability to teach African-American Literature, Latina/o 
Literature, or 
World Literature. One year of teaching experience that would indicate 
likelihood of success in teaching basic and transfer-level composition 
classes and writing labs at the college level. Recent experience with information 
technology. Demonstrated success in helping students from historically 
underrepresented groups meet their educational goals. 

APPLICATION MATERIALS: 

*The application form and Supplemental Equivalency form can be requested 
by contacting Human Resources or printed by accessing our 
website www.miracosta.edu/info/
admin/ HR/
jobs/ 

Shasta C 

Lang Arts & Soc Sciences, PO Box 496006, Redding, CA 96049 

English Instructor 2149 

http://www.shastacollege.edu 

 Shasta College is actively seeking diversity in its faculty and staff to include 
a wide variety of perspectives and approaches to work and working 
relationships. Shasta College recognizes that different cultural perspectives 
bring opportunities for new ways of working together and meeting 
the needs of a diverse student population. We welcome all applicants who 
wish to work in an institution where flexibility and openness to change, 
collaboration with co-workers, and participation in College activities are 
highly valued characteristics. 

Starting Date 

Available Fall Semester 2006 

Begins approximately August 18, 2006 

Assignment 

Full-time, tenure-track English position to teach composition and critical 
thinking. May teach an occasional literature course. Courses may be 
assigned during day, evening, and weekend periods. May also include offcampus, 
Internet, or Interactive Television (ITV) assignments. 

Education/Experience 

Master’s Degree in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition, 
OR a Bachelor’s Degree in any of the above AND a Master’s 
Degree in linguistics, TESL, speech, education with a specialization in 
reading, creative writing, or journalism, OR the equivalent. College 
teaching experience, preferably the teaching of writing at the freshman 
level. Commitment to provide instruction for students with diverse abilities 
and interests. Personal qualities to work effectively and sensitively in 
a multicultural student environment. Ability to communicate effectively 
orally and in writing. 

Application Deadline 

Position is open until filled. 

First Review Date: Friday, February 17, 2006 

Submit to: SHASTA COLLEGE, Human Resources Office, P.O. Box 
496006, Redding, CA 96049-6006, 11555 Old Oregon Trail (96003) 

Phone: (530) 225-4656 

Fax: (530) 225-4990 

TDD: (530) 225-4988 

E-Mail: hr@shastacollege.edu 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 3 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (Feb 06) File: JILeng_list_FEB06_P2T1.indd Job #: 130-20 1/20/06–DH/JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


U of California, Irvine 

School of Humanities, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine 
CA 92697 

Advanced Associate or Full Professor in American Literature 348 

http://www.
humanties.uci.edu 

The Department of English at the University of California at Irvine invites 
applications for a tenured position in American Literature at the advanced 
Associate or Full Professor rank. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names of three references 
to Jerome Christensen, Chair, UCI, Department of English, Irvine, 
California 92697-2650. Review of applications will begin on October 15, 
2005. Position will remain open until filled. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has a National Science 
Foundation Advance Gender Equity Program. [R] 

Whittier C 

English, PO Box 634, 13406 Philadelphia St Whittier CA 90608 

Director of the Writing Program 2015 

Whittier College, located near Los Angeles and one of the most diverse 
liberal arts colleges in the nation, is seeking a director of its writing program. 
The individual in this position will work closely with faculty and 
departments on three major elements of the program: first-year writing 
seminars, writing-intensive courses, and paper in the major. First-year 
writing seminars are taught by full-time faculty from across the disciplines; 
writing-intensive courses are taught in most fields; and a paper in 
the major or senior presentation is required for all students. The director 
will be responsible for: faculty development initiatives related to writing; 
assessment of student learning as related to writing; close collaboration 
with the Center for Academic Success (which houses the Writing Center) 
in the selection, training and supervision of tutors; the hiring, scheduling, 
and supervision of a few adjunct faculty; and some teaching in the 
writing program. The position is a 10-month faculty position (rank open, 
non-tenure track) and includes a three-month sabbatical every five years. 
Experience teaching writing; background in rhetoric, English, or creative 
writing and MFA or Ph.D. preferred, but will consider MA with extensive 
experience. 

Review of materials (letter of application, vita/e, 
and three letters of reference 
will begin in November, and continue until the position is filled. 
Preferred start date: August 2006. Send letter of application, resume, and 
list of three references to: Fritz Smith (fritz@whittier.edu), Associate Dean 
of Faculty, Whittier College (www.whittier.edu), 13406 Philadelphia St., 
PO Box 634, Whittier, CA 90608. We seek to attract and retain a highly 
qualified and diverse faculty (AA/EOE). 
[R] 

Colora do 

Fort Lewis C 

English, 1000 Rim Dr Durango CO 81301 

Assistant Professor English/Communications 
2120 

http://www.
fortlewis.edu/academics/
school_arts_sciences/ engl 


Fort Lewis College, the public liberal arts college of the State of Colorado 
higher education system, invites applications for a tenure-track, Assistant 
Professor in the Department of English. Our new colleague will 
teach introductory and advanced news-writing across media, including 
writing for the web, writing for the discipline, theoretical and production 
courses emphasizing social, cultural, historical, and creative aspects of the 
media. Experience in broadcast journalism, graphic text, streaming audio 
and video also desired to help build the program in digital journalism and 
convergent media. Duties include advising the weekly student newspaper 
practicum as part of a twelve-hour teaching assignment per term, including 
general education courses. Ph.D. in Communications, Journalism, 
or related field required. Send letter of application, resume, statement of 
philosophy and commitment to teaching, graduate transcripts, and three 
current letters of reference, samples of scholarly and/or 
creative activity 
(urls accepted) to: Michele Malach, Ph.D., Search Chair, Department of 
English, Fort Lewis College, 1000 Rim Drive, Durango, CO 81301- 
3999 or electronically at Malach_m@fortlewis.edu. Applications received 
by February 20, 2006 will be given full consideration; the position will 
remain open until filled. Fort Lewis College is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minority applicants are especially 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

Connec tic ut 

U of Connecticut 

School of Business, 2100 Hillside Road, U 1041 Storrs CT 06269-1041 

Instructor or Asst/Assoc. Prof. In Res.; Writing Center Director, Sch. of Bus. 
2200 

The School of Business at the University of Connecticut seeks applications 
for the Director of the Business Writing Center. The appointment 
will be made at the rank of Instructor in Residence, Assistant Professor 
in Residence, or Associate Professor in Residence, commensurate with 
the candidate’s qualifications. Duties will include designing and teaching 
several sections of the undergraduate writing course that is required for 
all business majors, general oversight of the writing center in the School 
of Business, and serving as liaison to the University Writing Center. This 
will be a one year, non-tenure track position that is renewable. The start 
date for this position is the fall semester of 2006. 

A Master’s degree in English or Professional Writing is required (PhD 
preferred) and three to five years of experience in business and professional 
communications at the college level; course development and classroom 
teaching experience in a business school are preferred. The University is 
seeking outstanding teachers who engage the students and demonstrate a 
strong commitment to excellence in teaching and learning. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
the position is filled. Salary will be commensurate with background and 
experience. Submit a letter of interest, vita, and the names and contact 
information of three references to: Jeffrey L. Rummel, Associate Dean, 
University of Connecticut, School of Business, 2100 Hillside Road, Unit 
1041, Storrs, CT 06269-1041. We encourage applications from underrepresented 
groups, including minorities, women, and people with disabilities. 


(Search #06A185). [R]] 

Florida 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

English Composition Lecturer 2072 

http://www.
miami.edu 

The English Department of the University of Miami plans to f ill two 
or more full-time lectureships in its Composition Program, beginning 
August 2006. Teaching load is four writing courses per semester, or the 
equivalent, and may include Writing Center tutoring, or classes in basic 
writing, business writing or science and technical writing in addition to 
the first year courses. Initial appointment for one year, renewable, subject 
to writing program needs. Competitive salary and benefits, opportunities 
for program leadership roles, curricular development and some computerassisted 
teaching. Candidates must have college-level teaching experience, 
and an M.A. or M.F.A. in English or in a relevant field. We are especially 
interested in candidates with educational backgrounds that would enable 
them to make connections to disciplines other than English studies. 
Review of applications will begin Wednesday, February 2nd with inter



views by arrangement. Send a letter of application and CV with names 
and phone numbers of 3 references to Ms. Gina Maranto, Acting Director 
of Composition, English Department, Box 248145, University of Miami, 
Coral Gables, FL 33124. Provide a short (2 pages maximum) description 
of your approach to teaching a required, first-year composition course and 
documents that illustrate your work with composition students. The University 
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


Ida ho 

Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Distinguished Visiting Writer in Residence 2088 

http://english.
boisestate.edu/ 

The M.F.A. program at Boise State University seeks an established or 
emerging poet who has published at least one book for a one semester 
appointment spring 2007. Responsibilities include teaching one class 
(workshop or seminar) at the graduate level and giving a public reading. 
Letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation and course description 
should be sent by February 15, 2006 to Bruce Ballenger, Chair, 
English Dept., 1910 University Dr., Boise State University, Boise ID 
83725-1525. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other 
underrepresented groups. EOE/AA 
Institution, Veterans preference may 
be applicable. [R] 

Illinois 

Inst for International Educn of Students 

33 North LaSalle 15th Floor, Chicago, IL 60602 

Program Dean - Latin America 2159 

http://www.iesabroad.org 

 Chicago-based premier study abroad organization is in search of a Program 
Dean who will manage a number of overseas programs including 
Spain, Argentina, Chile, and Ecuador. Responsibilities include budgeting, 
curricular and program development, writing program-related materials, 
and effectively representing these programs to colleges in the IES 
consortium. 

Must have a master’s or doctoral degree in a relevant administrative field 
or academic discipline; broad knowledge of U.S. higher education; 3-5 
years experience in a supervisory role. 

For a full job description and how to apply, please visit our website at 
www.IESabroad.org. Phone calls will be not be accepted. 

IES is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applications from 
all qualified candidates. 

Iowa 

Buena Vista U 

Associate Dean of Faculty, 610 West Fourth Street Storm Lake IA 
50588 

Assistant Professor of English 1898 

http:// bvu.
edu 

Applications are sought for a tenure-track position in English at Buena 
Vista University, beginning August 2006. Doctorate preferred; ABD 
considered. We seek candidates with experience in world literature with 
preferred secondary specialization in literary theory, linguistics, and/ or 
post-colonial literature and theory. All members of the department teach 
composition courses. Find more information about this position at http:// bvu.
edu/departments/
businessservices/hr/
jobopenings. 

Buena Vista University, the country’s first wireless laptop university, is located 
on the shores of the ethnically diverse community of beautiful Storm 
Lake, Iowa, with an enrollment of 1,270 residential students. See http:// 
www.
bvu.edu/. Send letter of application, graduate school transcripts, 
teaching evaluation summaries, and current curriculum vitae with names 
of 4 references (including their titles, addresses, telephone numbers, and 
email addresses) to: Dr. Mary Gill, Associate Dean, Buena Vista University, 
610 West Fourth Street, Storm Lake, IA 50588. The application letter 
should detail the match of the applicant’s experience, knowledge, and 
talents with position priorities and qualifications. Review of applications 
will begin December 31, 2005, and continue until the position 
is filled. 
Women and minorities are strongly urged to apply. ADA/EOE. 
[R] 

Kentuck y 

Transylvania U 

Women’s Studies, 300 North Broadway Lexington KY 40508 

Program Director/Assistant Professor of Women’s Studies 2195 

Tenure-track position beginning September 1, 2006. To oversee academic 
and administrative responsibilities of growing Women’s Studies 
Program. Courses include introductory and advanced classes in Women’s 
Studies, with opportunity to design courses in candidate’s area of expertise. 
Interdisciplinary program with affiliated faculty from various departments. 
Three classes per semester plus one class in May term. Candidates 
must have a strong commitment to undergraduate liberal arts education 
and will also teach 2-3 courses per year in the Foundations of the Liberal 
Arts common curriculum for first year students. Bingham Awards for 
Excellence 
in Teaching may provide substantial salary supplements for exceptional 
candidates or smaller start-up grants for more recent Ph.Ds. 

Transylvania is an independent, residential, liberal arts college of 1,100. 

Send a letter of application, curriculum vita, a writing sample, syllabi, and 
three letters of reference to Dr. Ellen Cox, Women’s Studies Search, Transylvania 
University, 300 North Broadway, Lexington, KY 40508-1797. 
Postmarked February 15. Interviews at the Chicago CCCCs in March. 
Phone interviews for candidates not attending the conference. 

We are committed to developing our faculty to better ref lect the diversity 
of American society. Candidates from minority groups 
encouraged to apply. For more information: http://www.transy.edu/ 
women_study/ [R] 

Louisia na 

Grambling SU 

English, 126 Woodson Hall Grambling LA 71245-3091 

British Romantics 2202 

The English department of Grambling State University is looking for a 
scholar of the British romantics who is willing serve as a Visiting Assistant 
Professor. The position is contingent on available funding, but a successful 
candidate should have a Ph.D. in English, a serious scholarly agenda, 
and a willingness to teach introductory, intermediate, and occasional 
upper level courses. The standard teaching load is four and four, but an 
especially well-published candidate might be able to negotiate a reduced 
teaching load. Send a letter of application, cv, transcripts, and three letters 
of recommendations to Hugh Wilson, Department of English, Grambling 
State University, 126 Woodson Hall, P.O. Box 68, Grambling, LA 71245. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. Grambling State 
University is an equal opportunity/EEO employer and educator with facilities 
open to the disabled. 



Grambling SU 

English, 126 Woodson Hall Grambling LA 71245-3091 

Medievalist 2203 

The English department of Grambling State University looking for a medievalist 
who is willing serve as a Visiting Assistant Professor. The position 
is contingent on available funding, but a successful candidate should 
have a Ph.D. in English, a serious scholarly agenda, and a willingness to 
teach introductory, intermediate, and occasional upper level courses. The 
standard teaching load is four and four, but an especially well-published 
candidate might be able to negotiate a reduced teaching load. Send a letter 
of application, cv, transcripts, and three letters of recommendations to 
Hugh Wilson, Department of English, Grambling State University, 126 
Woodson Hall, P.O. Box 68, Grambling, LA 71245. Women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. Grambling State University is an 
equal opportunity/EEO employer and educator with facilities open to the 
disabled. 

Southeastern Louisiana U 

English, SLU 10861 Hammond LA 70402 

Assistant Professor of Technical and Professional Writing 2170 

http://www.
selu.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning August 2006. Area 
of specialization: Technical and Professional Writing. Ph.D. in English, 
in hand by August 1, 2006. Responsibilities include teaching graduate/ 
undergraduate 
courses in professional and technical writing, and freshman 
composition. Additional assignments include committee work, student 
advising, and scholarly activity. Applicants must be committed to 
working with colleagues and students of diverse backgrounds. To ensure 
consideration, application materials must be received by March 1, 2006. 
Qualified applicants should send letter of application indicating teaching 
experience and research interests, statement of philosophy of teaching, 
detailed vita, three recent letters of reference, and a copy of all transcripts 
(originals required upon employment) to Dr. Paul Sawyer, Department 
of English, SLU 10861, Hammond, LA 70402. For information call 985- 
549-2100 or e-mail psawyer@selu.edu. Southeastern is an AA/ ADA/ 
EEO employer. 
[R] 

Ma ine 

Husson C 

English, 1 College Cir Bangor ME 04401 

Assistant Professor of English 1939 

http://www.
husson.edu 

Husson College in Bangor, Maine is seeking two full-time faculty members 
to serve as ranked full-time Assistant Professors of English in the following 
areas: 

Speech and Rhetoric: The ideal candidate for this position should hold a 
Ph.D. in Communications or in Rhetoric and Composition, with special 
expertise in oral and written rhetoric. He or she must demonstrate the 
ability to help design and implement a two-semester course sequence that 
integrates speech and introductory rhetoric and composition. A secondary 
interest in professional and technical writing is preferred. 

Rhetoric and Composition: The ideal candidate will hold a Ph.D. in 
English with an emphasis on Composition and Rhetoric in addition to 
the following qualifications: 

• A focused research interest and demonstrable practice in the teaching of 
composition and rhetoric (including public speaking and communication) 

• Interest and demonstrable practice in teaching basic writers 

• Interest and experience in managing a Writing Center and training tutors 


• In addition, preferably, the ability to develop and teach upper division 
business, technical, and professional writing courses across the curriculum. 


For both positions the candidate will also provide academic advising for 
students, assist in course scheduling, assess student outcomes, and provide 
assistance to the Chair and faculty in academic program planning. 
In addition, the successful candidate will meet collegial responsibilities as 
outlined in the Husson College Faculty Handbook and assume other responsibilities 
as detailed in his/her 
contract with Husson College. 

Application closing: The search will remain open until a suitable candidate 
is selected 

Starting date: September 1, 2006 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, philosophy of teaching statement, 
and three (3) letters of reference to: Carol Mandzik, Director of 
HR, Attn: Faculty Search Committee, Husson College, One College 
Circle, Bangor, ME 04401 

Husson College is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
[R] 

U of Maine 

English, 304 Neville Hall Orono ME 04469 

Assistant Professor, Technical/Professional 
Writing 1905 

http://www.
umaine.edu 

Tenure-track position at Asst. Prof. level in Technical/Professional 
Writing 
in University of Maine Department of English. 

The successful applicant will teach and develop undergraduate technical/ 
professional 
writing curriculum, supervise students in field experiences 
in tech/professional 
writing, and participate in existing and developing 
interdisciplinary collaborations. Applicant must demonstrate potential for 
career-enriching research and scholarship. PhD required; preference will 
be given to applicants with degrees in professional or technical writing. 
Secondary areas of expertise also welcome. Teaching experience required; 
experience in program development and work or consulting experience 
strongly preferred. Applicants should send electronic portfolio to margaret.
lukens@umit.maine.edu; also please send letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, and letters of recommendation to Search Committee, Department 
of English, 304 Neville Hall, University of Maine, Orono, ME 04469- 
5752. Review of applications will begin November 25, 2005, and continue 
until a suitable candidate is identified. The University of Maine is 
an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

Ma ryla nd 

Johns Hopkins U 

Center for Talented Youth, 5801 Smith Ave, Suite 400 Baltimore 
MD 21209 

Writing Instructor 2166 

http://www.
cty.jhu.edu/summer/
employment 

SUMMER TEACHING OPPORTUNITIES 

Expository, Critical, and Creative Writing; Film; Shakespeare; Drama; 
Popular Culture; Humanities; Latin; Greek; Etymologies 

The Center for Talented Youth (CTY) runs academic summer programs 
for gifted students ages 8–16. Our summer programs are designed to support 
and nurture academic talent by giving motivated, gifted students a 
chance to study at a pace and depth commensurate with their abilities. 
Two sessions of our three-week residential and day programs are offered 
at 24 colleges and independent schools in California, Hawai‘i, Maryland, 
Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts. 

Every year, many of our strongest instructors are ABD graduate students 
who are committed to teaching and to young people. CTY instructors 
build on their teaching experience in an intensive, structured environment 
that encourages academic creativity. 



We also seek experienced teachers to fill administrative positions in our 
summer programs. To see our job offerings, please visit www.cty.jhu.edu/ 
summer/
employment. You may also call 410-735-6185 or email ctysummer@
jhu.edu to request an application. 

Ma ssac husetts 

Mount Holyoke C 

Speaking, Arguing and Writing Center, Porter Hall, 50 College Street 
South Hadley MA 01075 

Coordinator, Speaking, Arguing, and Writing Center 1658 

http://www.
mtholyoke.edu 

Mount Holyoke College invites applications for the position of Coordinator 
of the Speaking, Arguing, and Writing program (SAW). Part of the 
Weissman Center for Leadership and the Liberal Arts, SAW supports and 
enhances the college’s mission of developing eloquent, decisive, and informed 
leaders. 

The Coordinator administers the speaking and writing program, coordinates 
faculty and student mentor assignments, supervises student assistants, 
develops workshops for students and faculty, and works closely on 
writing and speaking initiatives with departments and interdepartmental 
programs. The Coordinator participates in the First Year Seminar program 
and provides constructive support to instructors in these courses. 
The Coordinator trains student mentors and assistants; other teaching responsibilities 
depend on his or her education and interests and professional 
accomplishments. 

Applicants should have experience with college writing programs, be 
conversant with current thinking about teaching writing and speaking, 
and have significant teaching experience. Candidates should be committed 
to addressing the opportunities and issues that arise in writing across 
the disciplines. Experience with ESOL pedagogy is desirable. Candidates 
should be skilful administrators with excellent interpersonal skills and be 
committed to working closely with faculty, students, and staff on program 
development and outreach. 

Candidates should have the terminal degree appropriate to their field. Initial 
appointment will be for three years. The terms of appointment will 
depend in part upon the qualifications, experience, and professional accomplishments 
of the successful candidate; in some circumstances, they 
may include affiliation with an appropriate academic department. The 
Coordinator will be an associate director of the Weissman Center for 
Leadership and the Liberal Arts and report to the Director of the Center. 

Mount Holyoke is an undergraduate liberal arts college for women with 
2,000 students and 200 faculty. Half of the college faculty are women; 
one-fifth are persons of color. It is located about 80 miles west of Boston 
in the Connecticut River Valley, and is a member of the Five College 
Consortium consisting of Amherst, Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, 
and Smith Colleges and the University of Massachusetts. Mount Holyoke 
is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and 
persons of color are especially encouraged to apply. 

Applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of reference, and a writing sample. Send materials to Professor Lois 
Brown, Director, The Weissman Center for Leadership and the Liberal 
Arts, Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, MA 01075. Review of 
applications 
will begin on November 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 

Mic higa n 

Michigan SU 

C of Arts & Letters, 200 Linton Hall East Lansing MI 48824 

John A. Hannah Distinguished Professor, African American and African 
Studies 1790 

The College of Arts and Letters and the College of Social Science at 
Michigan State University are collaborating in a search for a John A. 
Hannah Distinguished Professor in the area of African American and African 
Studies. This position is at the rank of full professor and includes 
an academic appointment in a department in one of the two colleges, an 
affiliation with the African American and African Studies Program, a nationally 
competitive salary, and an endowed fund for research expenses 
with a current income of $100,000 per year. Starting date is negotiable 
but August 16, 2006 preferred. The area of scholarly expertise for the position 
may be in any one of the departments or schools found in the two 
colleges, but the candidate’s work must address critical issues in African 
American and African Studies. The Hannah Professor will join a vibrant 
intellectual community especially known for its interdisciplinary research 
partnerships, international emphases, community engagement, and student-
centered teaching and learning. The candidate will bring the following 
qualities to the position: 

• A distinguished record of research that marks the scholar as a national 
leader in his/her 
field; 

• A national leadership role in addressing issues in African American 
Studies 

• A record of external funding and strong commitment to and promise of 
winning external research grants; 

• An interest in working closely with junior and senior colleagues in a 
collaborative research environment; 

• A record of working effectively as a mentor for junior faculty members 
and doctoral students; 

• A record as an effective teacher and a commitment to teaching as an essential 
component of scholarship; 

• A willingness to join the intellectual leadership in African American 
and African Studies and in the broader scholarly community to create externally-
funded research opportunities. 

Letters of nominations and application should be sent to Hannah Professor 
Search Committee, 320 Linton Hall, Michigan State University, East 
Lansing, MI 48824-1044. Please include the candidate’s vita with the letter 
of nomination or application. The letter should include commentary 
on how the candidate’s aspirations and vision regarding research, teaching, 
program-building, and community engagement relate to the expectations 
of the Hannah Professorship listed above. Review begins in November 
2005 and continues until the position is filled. Women and minorities 
are especially encouraged to apply. Persons with disabilities may request 
and receive reasonable accommodation. 

MSU is an affirmative-action, equal opportunity institution. 

Minnesota 

Bethel U 

English, 3900 Bethel Dr St Paul MN 55112 

Associate Professor of English 1680 

http://www.
bethel.edu 

The College of Arts and Sciences of Bethel University invites applications 
for a full-time tenure track faculty position in English beginning fall 2006. 
M.F.A, preferred. Strong record of publication in poetry. Responsibilities 
include teaching seven courses per year, student advising, and department 
and committee assignments. Experience in teaching creative writing in 
a university setting and enthusiasm for working with young writers and 
student literary publications. Ability to teach lower level literature courses 



and to contribute to general education. Salary and rank commensurate 
with qualif ications and experience. Candidate must be committed to 
the liberal arts educational mission and evangelical Christian orientation 
of the university and demonstrate commitment to excellence in undergraduate 
teaching, mentoring students, and scholarship. Candidate must 
demonstrate the ability to contribute to Bethel’s anti-racism efforts and 
cross-cultural understanding. Letter of application and vita should be 
addressed to Dr. Debra K. Harless, Dean of Academic Programs, 3900 
Bethel Drive, St. Paul, MN 55112. [R] 

Carleton C 

Cinema & Media Studies, One North College Street Northfield 
MN 55057 

Visiting Faculty Position 2099 

http://apps.
carleton.edu/curricular/
cams/ 

The Department of Cinema & Media Studies at Carleton College invites 
applications for a two-year visiting faculty position. We seek a brilliant 
generalist prepared to develop curriculum and teach undergraduate 
courses in media and cultural studies, broadly conceived. 

An ideal candidate might have expertise in one or more of the following 
areas: television, radio, new media, visual culture, popular culture, global 
media, media ethics, and/or 
technology studies. Ph.D. required by time 
of appointment. 

Cinema & Media Studies is an active, growing department with emphases 
in cinema studies, media production, and new media (see our website at 
http://apps.
carleton.edu/curricular/
cams/). The successful candidate will 
be responsible for teaching six courses per year in addition to contributing 
to program development and advising students. 

To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a brief statement 
of teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference to Professor John 
Schott, Chair, Cinema & Media Studies, Carleton College, One North 
College Street, Northfield, MN 55057. DEADLINE: February 15, 2006. 

Carleton is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
We are 
committed to developing our faculty to better reflect the diversity of our 
student body and American society. Women and members of minority 
groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Minnesota Duluth 

Composition, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor of Composition (Journalism) 1818 

http://www.
d.umn.edu/comp 


The University of Minnesota Duluth, Department of Composition invites 
applications for a full-time tenure-track assistant professor position in 
Journalism, which is part of the Department’s writing program and serves 
students who minor in Journalism and other programs. The teaching load 
is typically five classes per year; the successful candidate will teach a range 
of courses. These may include but are not limited to the following areas: 
reporting (e.g., reporting I and II, broadcast news, international news, 
community journalism, sports & outdoors journalism); editing & design 
(e.g., news layout & design, news photography, new media writing, 
electronic publication); and advanced courses (e.g., history of American 
journalism, media law & ethics). The department expects the candidate 
to produce research in a relevant field. Service typically includes advising 
students, committee assignments and department and curriculum development. 
Salary and benefits are competitive. 

Required education and experience: 

• PhD or equivalent (completed by July 1, 2006) in journalism, communication/
mass 
media, composition/rhetoric, 
new media, information design, 
technical writing, English, or related field 

• Minimum of two years of teaching experience at the college level in 
journalism or writing 

• Evidence of teaching excellence 

• Clear plan for a program of research leading to publications in peer reviewed 
journals 

• Evidence of ability to support teaching journalism with technology 

• Experience with the technical aspects of media production 

• Evidence of interest in curricular and program development 

Preferred qualifications: 

• Two or more years of reporting experience with a daily newspaper 

• Experience in broadcast journalism or new media 

• Willingness to teach other UMD writing courses 

• Interest and/or 
experience in advising student newspaper 

• Record of ability to work collaboratively and collegially 

• Record of presentation and publication in relevant fields 

The University of Minnesota Duluth is a comprehensive regional university 
with 70 majors and graduate programs in 17 fields; it has a student enrollment 
of 10,000 and affords a full range of academic/research 
resources 
in a setting more commonly found at smaller colleges. The Twin Ports of 
Duluth and its sister city, Superior, Wisconsin, have a combined population 
of approximately 120,000 and offer an excellent quality of life. The 
area offers a wealth of natural resources, including numerous trails, rivers, 
and lakes, and is well known as the gateway to the beautiful North Shore 
of Lake Superior, making it a popular destination for outdoor enthusiasts. 
Duluth also has a very strong arts community and supports its own symphony. 
In the September 2003 issue of OUTSIDE magazine, Duluth was 
named one of “The 40 Best College Towns” in North America. 

Applicants should submit a letter of application, transcript (unofficial acceptable), 
vita, evidence of effective teaching, samples of scholarly and/ or 
professional work. Applicants should also request that three letters of reference 
be sent. Review of completed applications will begin on December 
1, 2005 and will continue until the position is filled. Send all materials 
to Journalism Search Committee, Department of Composition, 420 Humanities, 
University of Minnesota Duluth, 1201 Ordean Court, Duluth, 
MN 55812. 

The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Minnesota Duluth 

Composition, 1201 Ordean Ct, 420 Hum Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor of Composition 1816 

http://www.
d.umn.edu/comp 


The University of Minnesota Duluth, Department of Composition seeks 
to hire two individuals for full-time tenure-track teaching positions in 
Composition. The teaching load is typically five classes per year. The successful 
candidates will teach a range of writing courses, including but not 
limited to freshman composition and advanced composition courses, with 
the possibility of teaching composition theory and information design 
courses. The department expects the candidate to produce research in a 
relevant field. Service typically includes advising students, committee assignments, 
and department and curriculum development. Salary and benefits 
are competitive. 

Required Education and Experience: 

• PhD or equivalent (completed by July 1, 2006) in composition/rhetoric, 
technical writing, linguistics, English, information design, or related field 

• Two years of experience teaching composition at the college level 

• Clear plan for a program of research leading to publications in peer reviewed 
journals 

• Demonstrated ability to use technology to teach writing 

• Evidence of excellence in teaching composition 

Preferred Qualifications 

• Demonstrated commitment to teaching freshman and advanced composition 


• Experience teaching non-fiction professional writing, including writing 
for the social sciences, the human services/education, 
and/or 
the fine arts 



• Experience in placement, ESL, assessment, and/or 
curricular development 


• Record of presentation and publication in relevant fields 

• Record of ability to work collaboratively and collegially 

• Experience teaching information design 

The University of Minnesota Duluth is a comprehensive regional university 
with 70 majors and graduate programs in 17 fields; it has a student enrollment 
of 10,000 and affords a full range of academic/research 
resources 
in a setting more commonly found at smaller colleges. The Twin Ports of 
Duluth and its sister city, Superior, Wisconsin, have a combined population 
of approximately 120,000 and offer an excellent quality of life. The 
area offers a wealth of natural resources, including numerous trails, rivers, 
and lakes, and is well known as the gateway to the beautiful North Shore 
of Lake Superior, making it a popular destination for outdoor enthusiasts. 
Duluth also has a very strong arts community and supports its own symphony. 
In the September 2003 issue of OUTSIDE magazine, Duluth was 
named one of “The 40 Best College Towns” in North America. 

Applicants should submit a letter of application, transcript (unofficial acceptable), 
vita, evidence of effective teaching, and samples of scholarly 
and/or 
professional work. Applicants should also request that three letters 
of reference be sent. Completed applications will be reviewed beginning 
December 1, 2005 and will continue until the positions are filled. Send 
all materials to Composition Search Committee, University of Minnesota 
Duluth, Department of Composition, 420 Humanities, 1201 Ordean 
Court, Duluth, Minnesota 55812. 

The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and 
employer. 
[R] 

Mississippi 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr. # 5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor/Writing 
Specialist 1817 

http://www.
usm.edu/ english 


Doctorate in English Education 

The University of Southern Mississippi at Hattiesburg invites applications 
for a writing specialist, tenure-track, at the assistant professor level. We 
seek candidates with the ability to work in both English education and 
composition. Responsibilities will include working with the director of 
Composition and the Writing Center director, supervising student teachers 
in the field, as well as introductory and upper level teaching duties. 
Minimum qualifications include a doctorate in English education, with 
degree in hand at time of appointment; demonstrated commitment to 
excellence in research and teaching; documented experience supervising 
and mentoring teacher candidates. The University of Southern Mississippi 
is a doctoral-granting institution with a diverse student population, 
and successful candidates will show an interest in working with this broad 
range. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. Position 
is contingent upon funding. 

Please submit letter, curriculum vita, writing sample, and three letters of 
reference to William Kuskin, Chair, Writing Specialist Search Committee, 
Department of English, 118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS 
39406-0001. Review of applications will begin Mar. 1 and continue until 
the position is filled. The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/ 
EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr. # 5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Director of Composition/Open 
Rank 1815 

http://www.
usm.edu/ english 


Doctorate in Rhetoric and Composition 

The University of Southern Mississippi at Hattiesburg invites applications 
for director of composition, a tenure-track, 12-month position at the associate 
professor level. Responsibilities will include directing approximately 
80 composition classes per semester, overseeing technical writing classes, 
working with the Writing Center director, and, more broadly, acting as 
a liaison for university-wide issues of assessment, accreditation, and quality 
enhancement. Minimum qualifications include a doctorate in rhetoric 
and composition, with at least five years beyond the degree; demonstrated 
experience in writing program administration; documented research 
portfolio in peer-reviewed journals and books; and proof of excellence in 
teaching. The University of Southern Mississippi is a doctoral-granting 
institution with a diverse student population, and successful candidates 
will show an interest in working in this broad range, as well as a sense of 
the craft of writing. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Position is contingent upon funding. 

Please submit letter, curriculum vita, statement of philosophy, writing 
sample, and three letters of reference to William Kuskin, Chair, Composition 
Search Committee, Department of English, 118 College Drive 
#5037, Hattiesburg, MS 39406-0001. Review of applications will begin 
Mar. 1 and continue until the position is filled. The University of Southern 
Mississippi is an AA/EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications 
from women and minority candidates. [R] 

Monta na 

Montana SU-Billings 

Mod Langs & Lit, 1500 University Way, Billings, MT 59101 

Assistant Professor of English 2189 

http://www.msubillings.edu 

Montana State University-Billings seeks applications for an Assistant Professor 
of English. This is a full-time, Tenure track faculty position beginning 
August 2006 requiring a PhD in English with emphasis in American 
literature. This position entails teaching American literature survey and 
other undergraduate literature and writing courses as appropriate. The 
successful candidate must provide evidence in the form of student evaluations 
and evaluations of teaching based on direct observation by colleagues 
of successful college level teaching in literature and composition. 
The successful candidate will be expected to share the university’s commitment 
to continuous quality improvement. Please visit our website for 
a complete description, qualifications and application process at www.msubillings.
edu or contact the Human Resources Office at 406-657-2278 
or by email at employment@msubillings.edu. EEO/AA/ADA 

Neva da 

U of Nevada, Las Vegas 

English, PO Box 455011, 4505 Maryland Pky Las Vegas NV 89154 

Visiting Full Professor, Creative Writing (Fiction) 2055 

http://www.
unlv.edu/Colleges/
Liberal_Arts 

We seek candidates with a distinguished publication record in fiction to 
join our Creative Writing faculty in the Department of English as a Visiting 
Full Professor for academic year 2006/07. 
Offering the M.F.A. and 
the Ph.D. (with creative dissertation), our program’s international focus 
requires that students spend a semester in a non-English speaking country 
and complete a translation project. The position carries a generous salary 
and benefits, with a 2/2 
teaching load, in residence, consisting of graduate 
and some undergraduate workshops and literature courses. A record of 
successful teaching is required. Send letter of application and cv to: Christopher 
C. Hudgins, Chair, Dept. of English; University of Nevada, Las 
Vegas. Materials may also be submitted via e-mail: chris.hudgins@unlv 
.edu. The search will continue until the position is filled. Review of applicaitons 
will begin Feb. 1, 2006. [R] 



New Jersey 

Georgian Court U 

English, 900 Lakewood Av Lakewood NJ 08701 

Assistant Professor of English 2154 

http://www.
georgian.edu 

SUMMARY: 

This full-time tenure track faculty position in English serves the general 
education program with specialization in Anglophone world/ post-
colonial 
literatures (specialty open) beginning Fall 2006. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Teach four courses per semester, including general education and firstyear 
composition courses • Advise students • Participate on universitywide 
committees • Teach in diverse delivery modes • Engage in research • 
Assist in department-sponsored student publications and/or 
organizations 
• Collaborate with other departments in global studies • Integrate the core 
values of respect, compassion, integrity, justice and service in all aspects of 
interaction. 

QUALIFICATIONS: 

Ph.D. in English required • College-level teaching experience required • 
Record of published research preferred • Demonstrated commitment to 
undergraduate education • Experience teaching in diverse delivery methods 
(online, accelerated, internet classroom) preferred. 

For full consideration, please send 2 copies each of cover letter, resume, 
unofficial transcript, and recent letters of recommendation from three professional 
references with contact information to: Georgian Court University, 
AP English (MLA) Search Committee, Office of Human Resources, 
900 Lakewood Ave., Lakewood, NJ 08701-2697. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. 

Please visit our web site at http://www.
georgian.edu 

AA/EO 
Employer 

Kean U 

English, 1000 Morris Av Union NJ 07083 

Assistant Professor of English, Composition and Rhetoric 2126 

http://www.
kean.edu/ 

Teach and help develop innovative curriculum in freshman writing that 
incorporates the goals and curriculum of the General Education program; 
help develop placement and assessment methods. As complementary 
responsibility (for one-quarter of teaching load), teach graduate and 
advanced undergraduate courses in composition theory and/or 
rhetoric. 
Tenure track. Doctorate in composition, rhetoric, or related f ield required. 
Review of candidates begins February 3, 2006, and continues 
until position is filled. Send, email, or fax letter of interest with resume 
including names, addresses, and telephone numbers of three references to 
Dr. Robert Cirasa, Chair, English Department, Kean University, Union, 
NJ 07083; rcirasa@kean.edu; fax 908-737-0375. [R] 

New York 

C of Staten Island, CUNY 

English, Speech, & World Lit, 2800 Victory Blvd Staten Island 
NY 10314 

Assistant Professor of Adolescent Literature 1873 

http://www.
csi.cuny.edu 

Required: PhD; expertise in adolescent and children’s literature; college 
teaching experience and a demonstrated commitment to teaching; and a 
strong record of research and publication. Ability to teach coming-of-age 
literature using a broad range of materials is desired. Responsibilities include 
teaching required courses for majors concentrating in adolescence 
education, in addition to other literature and freshman writing courses, 
performing department and college service, and engagement in active and 
productive research agenda. Salary range: $47, 331-$61,111, commensurate 
with qualifications. Review of applications will begin on December 
15, 2005 and will continue until the position is filled. Send letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, sample syllabi, and a sample essay or dissertation 
chapter, and three letters of reference to: Professor Janet Ng Dudley, 
Adolescent Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
Speech and World Literature, College of Staten Island/CUNY, 
2800 Victory 
Boulevard, Room 2S-218, Staten Island, NY 10314. EEO/ AA/
ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

CUNY, Hostos Comm C 

English, 500 Grand Concourse Bronx NY 10451 

Assistant Professor of English 2148 

http://www.
hostos.cuny.edu 

Instruction in Literature, Developmental Writing, and Rhetoric and 
Composition. Experience and demonstrated excellence in teaching Freshman 
and Sophomore-level composition and literature courses as well as 
courses in basic/developmental 
writing. Strong research interests, including 
non-traditional cultural and pedagogical issues. 

Willingness and ability to engage fully in an urban, multicultural community 
college. 

Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York 
NY 10027 

Professor of English & Comparative Literature 2123 

http://www.
columbia.edu/ cu/
english 

The Postcolonial Studies Search Committee at Columbia University 
invites applications for a position, open as to rank, in postcolonial literary 
and cultural studies, with preference for scholars whose work focuses 
on Africa or the Caribbean. The appointment is expected to be located 
primarily in the Department of English and Comparative Literature but 
could be shared with other departments. Please send a letter outlining 
professional accomplishments including current research, a curriculum 
vitae, along with the names and addresses of three referees, by February 
15, 2006 to: Postcolonial Studies Search Committee, 309 Low Memorial 
Library, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027. Columbia 
University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Minorities 
and women are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Reverand John Boyd S.J. Chair 2109 

http:// fordham.
edu/ english 


The Rev. John Boyd S.J. Chair honors the distinguished Jesuit scholar and 
teacher who centered his scholarship, literary criticism and teaching upon 
an investigation of the poetic imagination and its relation to life. The 
University invites applications from senior scholars whose work addresses 
the history of poetry and poetics, as well as the relation between poetry 
and philosophy and/or 
poetry and theology. Review of applications will 
begin on February 15. We prefer the submission of materials in both hard 
and electronic versions. Please send letters, cv’s and the names of three 
references to Professor Philip Sicker, English Department, Fordham University, 
Bronx, New York, 10458 and sicker@fordham.edu. Fordham is 
an independent Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes 
applications from men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an 
EOEAA. 



Marist C 

Liberal Arts, 3399 North Road, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601 

Assistant Professor 2167 

http://www.marist.edu 

The Marist College Department of English seeks candidates for a tenuretrack 
Assistant Professor in Dramatic Literature or related field, to begin 
in August 2006. Ph.D. by date of appointment. The candidate should have 
a strong background in 18th and/or 19th century drama, with the ability 
to teach into the 20th century as well. Candidates with one or more of 
the following secondary specialties desirable: technical theater experience, 
playwriting, queer/gender theory, African American or Latino/a drama. 
Interest in on-line education a must. 

The successful candidate will teach four courses per semester in a dynamic 
English department, including specialty courses, core literature, and college 
writing. Candidates must have a strong commitment to teaching at 
the undergraduate level. 

Marist College is a nationally recognized, comprehensive, independent, 
liberal arts institution, committed to teaching excellence. It is located in 
Poughkeepsie, New York on the banks of the Hudson River, 75 miles 
north of New York City. The College enrolls 4,300 full-time undergraduate, 
530 part-time undergraduate, and 850 graduate students. 

Marist College is strongly committed to the principle of diversity. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from members of ethnic 
minorities, women, disabled individuals and other under-represented 
groups. 

Please submit cover letter, curriculum vita, a one page statement of teaching 
philosophy and goals, and the names and contact numbers (e-mail 
and phone) of three references via email to human.resources@marist
.edu. Please indicate English-Dramatic Literature in subject line. Formal 
review 
of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
February 28, 2006. 

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EMPLOYER 

New York U 

Department of Social and Cultural Analysis, 41 East 11th Street New 
York NY 10003 

Associate or Full Professor 1834 

http://www.
nyu.edu 

The Department of Social and Cultural Analysis at New York University 
seeks candidates for a senior appointment in Latino Studies to begin September 
1, 2006, pending administrative and budgetary approval. Search is 
open as to discipline, with particular interest in the following areas: labor 
studies, immigration studies, transnational communities, urban sociology, 
youth culture, gender and political economy, sociolinguistics, history or 
oral history. Candidates must have an established record of research in the 
study of U.S. Latinos of any national origin, or of transnational relations 
with the Caribbean, Mexico, Central or South America. Experience in or 
potential for institutional leadership highly desirable. 

Please send letter of application, CV, writing sample (an article-length 
essay or a chapter or section of a book or book manuscript) and the names 
and addresses of three references to: Search Committee, Program in Latino 
Studies, c/o 
Ms. Ruby Gomez, Department of Social and Cultural 
Analysis, Faculty of Arts and Science, New York University, 41–51 East 
11th Street, Room 733, New York NY 10003. Review of applications 
will begin December 1, 2005 and continue until the position is filled. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


New York U 

Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies, 51 Washington Square 
South, Room 101 New York NY 10012 

Assistant Professor, Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies 1981 

http://www.
nyu.edu 

The Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies at New York 
University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in the 
area of Jewish thought and philosophy to begin September 1, 2006, pending 
final administrative and budgetary approval. The Department will entertain 
applications from scholars working in different historical periods, 
from Late Antiquity to Modernity. It is expected that the candidate will 
have proper philosophical and linguistic training, as well as an intimate 
knowledge of Hebrew and Jewish sources. The candidate will be responsible 
for teaching both undergraduate courses and graduate seminars. 

Letters of application, including curriculum vitae and a list of references, 
should be sent to: Professor Elliot R. Wolfson, Skirball Department of 
Hebrew and Judaic Studies, Faculty of Arts and Science, New York University, 
53 Washington Square South, Room 101, New York, NY 10012- 
1075. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


New York U 

English Education, Teaching & Learning, 239 Greene Street, 6th 
Floor New York NY 10003 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor, Tenure-Track 1663 

http://www.
nyu.edu 

The Department, committed to education reform, urban schools and 
global education, seeks applicants in English Education. The Department 
plays a major role in the School’s efforts to serve and enhance education in 
urban settings through scholarship and practice. 

Responsibilities: Teach courses both pre-service and in-service teachers 
in the English language arts, with an emphasis on cross-disciplinary 
frameworks; advise master’s and doctoral level students; conduct research 
on teacher education and the processes of teaching and learning; supervise 
students in a variety of field placements including student teaching; 
cultivate 
collaborative relationships with school and community sites 
within the city; and, develop and implement departmental initiatives 
including 
staff development, study abroad and programs for diverse student 
populations. 

Qualifications: Earned doctorate in English, English Education, Literacy 
Education or Applied Linguistics; background of at least three years of 
middle and/or 
secondary school teaching and an ability to integrate literacy 
education across the curriculum, with an emphasis on urban settings; 
record of or potential for research agenda in the language arts. 

Applicants should mail a letter of application, curriculum vitae, sample 
publications (2 preferred), and letters from f ive references to: Jennifer 
Deutsch, Search Administrative Assistant, Attn: English Education, 
Teaching & Learning, New York University, The Steinhardt School of 
Education, 239 Greene Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10003. For inquiries 
contact: Gordon Pradl at gmp1@nyu.edu. Review of applications 
will begin immediately and will continue until the search is completed. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


New York U 

Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies, 51 Washington 
Square South, Room 101 New York NY 10012 

Dorot Assistant Professors/Faculty 
Fellows 2139 

http://www.
nyu.edu 

The Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies at New York University 
seeks to appoint two Dorot Assistant Professors/Faculty 
Fellows in 
Hebrew and Judaic Studies for a two-year term, possibly renewable for a 



third year, beginning in the Fall of 2006. Candidates may work on any 
aspect of Jewish religion, philosophy, literature, culture or history, including 
Israeli studies, with the exception of modern Jewish history (though 
anthropology, musicology and other such approaches to modern Judaism 
are welcome). Ph.D. must not have been received before 2003. Dorot Fellows 
hold appointments in the Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic 
Studies and work closely with colleagues in their disciplinary specialization, 
if appropriate. They will teach undergraduate, and occasionally 
graduate, courses within the department of Hebrew and Judaic studies. 

Letters of application, including current research plans, should be accompanied 
by a curriculum vitae and three letters of recommendation, as well 
as any published article(s) or dissertation chapters. Materials should be 
sent, by March 1, 2006, to: The Dorot Fellowship Committee, Skirball 
Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies, Faculty of Arts and Science, 
New York University, 51 Washington Square South, Room 101, New 
York, NY 10012. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


SU of New York, C at Potsdam 

English and Communication Department, 44 Pierrepont Av Potsdam 
NY 13676 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 2074 

http://www.
potsdam.edu 

SUNY Potsdam invites applications for Visiting Assistant Professor of 
English (one-year temporary). Qualifications: Ph.D. or ABD in rhetoric 
and composition. Responsibilities: Teach a range of writing and theory 
courses, including f irst-year, intermediate and advanced writing, applied 
writing, and the theory of rhetoric or composition. Also, depending 
upon graduate courses and experience, teach introductory literature 
and/or 
linguistics. A full-time teaching load is 12 hours. Send letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, unofficial 
graduate transcripts, and samples of scholarly work to Dr. Christopher 
Ivic, Chair, English and Communication Department, SUNY Potsdam, 
Potsdam, NY 13676. Review of applications will begin as received and 
will continue until position is filled. Women and minority candidates are 
encouraged to apply. SUNY Potsdam is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Old Westbury 

Humanities & Langs, PO Box 210 Old Westbury NY 11568 

Assistant Professor or Instructor in African-American Literature 2188 

http://www.
oldwestbury.edu 

Teach primarily African-American Literature, American Literature, and 
Composition as part of broad-based literature degree. PhD. in American/ 
African-
American Literature or related field required for appointment as 
Assistant Professor. For instructor, A.B.D. required. 

Tenure-track appointment, starting fall 2006, pending final budget approval. 
Some college teaching experience. SUNY College at Old Westbury, 
a student-centered comprehensive college, is an EO/AA 
employer. 


Send CV, letter of interest and graduate transcript to: Caroline Sawyer, 
Chair, Humanities and Languages Department, Academic Village, Room 
B-252, Old Westbury, NY 11568 

Please contact Caroline Sawyer with questions at 516.876.3229 or Sawyerc
@oldwestbury.edu [R] 

SUNY C of Tech at Delhi 

Humanities, 2 Main St Delhi NY 13753 

Faculty Member-Speech Communications 1945 

http://www.
delhi.edu 

Primary responsibilities are to teach four courses per semester, including 
three in public speaking, argumentation and debate, organizational 
communications, and an additional course in literature, composition or 
humanities. Active participation in the college community is expected 
to include student advisement, curriculum development, special projects 
and departmental and college committee work. This is a full-time, tenmonth 
tenure track position. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline and college 
level teaching experience preferred. To apply, send letter of interest, CV, 
a statement of teaching philosophy and contact information for at least 3 
professional references via email (Microsoft Word or PDF format please) 
to: Bonnie Martin, hudsonrm@delhi.edu. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Saint John’s U 

English, 8000 Utopia Pky Jamaica NY 11439 

Assistant Professor of English 2160 

St. John’s University invites applications for contract faculty on our 
Queens and Staten Island campuses to teach first-year composition, beginning 
late August. These are full-time, non-tenure-track positions, 
renewable annually for a total of seven years. Candidates should possess 
experience teaching composition and graduate course experience in 
composition 
theory and writring pedagogy. Applications will be accepted 
immediately and on a rolling basis, although we will start interviewing 
early in the Spring 2006 semester. Interviews will be held at the Conference 
on College Composition and Communication or on the Queens 
campus. Candidiates should submit a letter of application, c.v., a statement 
of teaching philosophy, and at least three letters of recommendation to 
Derek Owens, Chair, Search Committee. St. John’s is an equal opportunity 
employer. 


North Ca rolina 

Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant Professor of English 1914 

http:// uncfsu.
edu 

Fayetteville State University announces a tenure track position in Film 
and Media studies. Candidates must have Ph.D. in hand as well as experience 
with and interest in teaching composition. The normal teaching load 
is twelve hours, six of which are in composition courses. Send letters of 
application, a vita, and three letters of recommendation to Edward McShane, 
Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, Fayetteville 
State University, Fayetteville, N.C. 28301. Fayetteville State is an Equal 
Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. 


Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant Professor of English 1912 

http:// uncfsu.
edu 

Fayettevile State University announces a tenure track position in Early 
Modern British Literature. Candidates must have a Ph.D in hand as well 
as experience with and an interest in teaching composition. The normal 
teaching load is twelve hours, six of which are usually in introductory 
courses. Send letters of application to Edwatd McShane, Chair, Department 
of English and Foreign Languages, Fayetteville State University, 
Fayetteville,N.C. 28301. Fayetteville State is an Equal Opportunity and 
Affirmative Action employer. 
[R] 



Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant Professor of English 1913 

http:// uncfsu.
edu 

Fayetteville State University announces a tenure track position in Young 
Adult (or Children’s Literature). We seek a candidate with terminal degree 
in hand as well as Secondary School Certif ication. The normal 
teaching load is 12 hours. Send letter of application with vita, and three 
letters of reference to Edward McShane, Chair, Department of English 
and Foreign Languages, Fayetteville State University, Fayetteville, N.C. 
28301. Fayetteville State is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action 
employer. 
[R] 

U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant or Associate Professor 1910 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

DIRECTOR OF UNIVERSITY WRITING CENTER. Full-time 
tenure-track position, beginning August 2006. Doctorate in Composition/
Rhetoric 
required; ABD applicants near completion considered. 
Primary responsibility is to oversee all areas of Writing Center administration 
and service. Position has a 2/2 
teaching load in the Composition 
Program. Rank and salary commensurate with credentials and experience. 
Send hard copies of application letter, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of recommendation, and copy of transcripts to Dr. Susan Cannata, Chair, 
Writing Center Search Committee, Department of English, Theatre, and 
Languages, University of North Carolina at Pembroke, PO Box 1510, 
One University Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. For information about 
UNC Pembroke and the department, see the university website at www 
.uncp.edu. Committee will begin consideration of candidates December 
1, 2005, and continue until the position is filled. AA/EOE. 
Women 
and minorities encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant or Associate Professor 1909 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

ENGLISH COMPOSITION. Full-time tenure-track position, beginning 
August 2006, in a growing, student-centered department and university 
with expanding programs and opportunities. Doctorate in Composition/ 
Rhetoric 
required; ABD applicants near completion considered. A 4/4 
teaching load consisting primarily of freshman composition; potential development 
of curriculum within specialization. Expectation of service/ 
scholarly 
activity. Especially attractive areas of interest include assessment, 
computers in composition, developmental writing, and technical writing. 
Rank and salary commensurate with credentials and experience. Send 
hard copy of application letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and copy of transcripts to Dr. Mark Canada, English Composition 
Search Chair, Department of English, Theatre, and Languages, 
University of North Carolina at Pembroke, PO Box 1510, One University 
Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. For information about UNC Pembroke 
and the department, see the university website at www.uncp.edu. 
Consideration of candidates will begin December 1, 2005, and continue 
until the position is filled. AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant or Associate Professor 1849 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

NATIVE AMERICAN LITERATURE or AFRICAN AMERICAN 
LITERATURE. Full-time tenure-track position, beginning August 
2006, in a growing, student-centered department and university 
with expanding programs. Doctorate required; ABD applicants near 
completion considered. A 4/4 
teaching load consisting of freshman composition, 
literature specialty, and general-education literature classes as 
needed. Expectation of service/scholarly 
activity. Rank and salary commensurate 
with credentials and experience. Send hard copy of application 
letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and copy of 
transcripts to Dr. Patricia Valenti, Literature Search Chair, Department of 
English, Theatre, and Languages, University of North Carolina at Pembroke, 
PO Box 1510, One University Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. 
For information about UNC Pembroke and the department, see the university 
website at www.uncp.edu. Committee will begin consideration 
of candidates December 1, 2005, interview at MLA, and continue search 
until the position is filled. AA/EOE. 
Women and minorities encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Ohio 

Kent SU 

English, P.O. Box 5190 Kent OH 44242 

John S. Knight Chair of English Composition and Theory 2071 

We invite applications and nominations for the John S. Knight Chair of 
English Composition and Theory. This is a tenured position in the English 
Department at the full professorial level. The Knight Chair provides 
scholarly and pedagogical leadership for graduate and undergraduate 
studies in rhetoric and composition in the English Department and promotes 
linkages with writing courses in other units at the university. We 
seek a nationally established scholar and teacher to join the Department’s 
doctoral program in Literacy, Rhetoric, and Social Practice; to contribute 
to development of new undergraduate courses in English; to support 
cross-curricular initiatives for writing; and to pursue extramural funding 
opportunities. We welcome applications from scholars who are interested 
in the social uses of texts and discourse in a variety of contexts 
(e.g., school, workplaces, community and civic organizations). Ph.D. in 
relevant field, substantial graduate and undergraduate teaching, and strong 
publication record required. Submit a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and samples of publications to Brian Huot, Knight Chair Search 
Committee, Department of English, Kent State University, Kent, OH 
44242. Review of applications will begin February 15 and continue until 
the position is filled. Kent State is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

Oberlin C 

East Asian Studies, 316 Peters Bldg Oberlin OH 44074 

Visiting Assistant Professof of Cinema Studies 2196 

The Cinema Studies Program at Oberlin College invites applications for a 
full-time, non-continuing faculty position. Appointment will be for two 
years beginning fall semester of academic year 2006-2007. Oberlin’s program 
is rooted in a conception of cinema as a set of ongoing relations 
among artistic practice, technological development, and social change, 
broadly def ined. Currently, we seek applicants who can add historical 
depth and/or international breadth to our curriculum. The incumbent 
will offer advanced courses in his or her areas of specialization, may teach 
our introductory course, Form, Style, and Meaning in Cinema, and, depending 
on experience and qualifications, courses in any area of media 



production. The teaching load is f ive courses per year. Requirements: 
Ph.D. in hand or by fall 2006; demonstrated interest and potential excellence 
in undergraduate teaching. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate academic transcripts, 
and at least three letters of reference, to: Jeffrey Pence, Director, Cinema 
Studies Program, 10 North Professor, Oberlin College, Oberlin, Ohio, 
44074, by 2/17/06. Application materials received after that date may be 
considered until the position is filled. 

U of Toledo 

English Lang & Lit, 2801 W Bancroft Toledo OH 43606 

Writing Center Director 2108 

http://www.
utoledo.edu 

Nine-month faculty administrative appointment to manage an established 
University writing center and direct an Arts and Sciences WAC program. 
Applicants should demonstrate an understanding of current theories 
that underpin tutoring and tutor training and possess a sound pedagogical 
vision that integrates WAC and faculty development. The ideal candidate 
will have a Ph.D. in an appropriate area, preferably in rhetoric/ 
composition, 
have writing center administrative experience, and have 
published in recognized journals that focus on theory and practice in 
writing, writing centers, and/or 
writing across the curriculum. Hiring 
is anticipated at the rank of tenure-track assistant or tenure-track/tenured 
associate professor within the Department of English Language and Literature; 
the position reports to the dean. The negotiable teaching load will 
include general composition, upper-division, and graduate-level courses. 

Send letter of application, c.v., statement of writing center/ WAC 
philosophy, 
transcripts, three letters of recommendation, and a writing sample 
to Chair, Writing Center Search Committee, College of Arts and Sciences, 
MS 906, University of Toledo, Toledo, OH 43606. Review of applications 
will begin on February 15. The position will be filled pending 
final budgetary approval. Information about The University of Toledo is 
available at www.utoledo.edu. The University of Toledo is an EOE/ AA 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Ok la homa 

U of Oklahoma 

Expository Writing Program, 401 W. Brooks St., Bizzell Library Rm 4 
Norman OK 73019 

Lecturer for Freshman Writing Seminars 1631 

http://www.
ou.edu 

The Expository Writing Program at OU announces four lectureships for 
2006–2007. Lecturers will design a topic-based course in the academic 
essay and will teach two classes of 14–16 students per semester. Contracts 
are for one year, renewable for five years, with the possibility of a twoyear 
extension. Starting salary for the 2006–2007 year is $38,000. Preference 
will be given to candidates with college teaching experience who 
demonstrate a lively interest in issues of pedagogy and who favor interdisciplinary 
course design. Applicants should have a Ph.D. or M.F.A. degree; 
all disciplines are welcome to apply. Send c.v. (including contact information 
for references) along with a cover letter that accounts for methods 
and philosophy of teaching writing to: David Long, Director of Expository 
Writing, 401 W. Brooks St., Bizzell Library, Room 4, Norman OK 
73019-2121. Applicants who submit their materials by December 5 will 
be considered for an MLA interview; subsequent applications received by 
February 1 will also be carefully considered. The search will remain open 
until the positions are filled. All applications will be carefully considered. 
The University of Oklahoma is an equal opportunity and affirmative action 
employer. 
[R] 

Oregon 

Corban C 

Academics, 5000 Deer Park Drive, SE Salem OR 97301 

English Faculty 2140 

http://www.
corban.edu/employees/
openings/faculty_
english.htm 

Salary and Rank: Commensurate with qualif ications and experience. 
Full-time, regular faculty position. 

Responsibilities: Teaching undergraduate courses in the English department. 
Responsibilities would include a team teaching assignment teaching 
American and World Literature in our American Thought and Culture 
and World Thought and Culture courses. Additional courses could include 
college writing and upper division literature. Other duties include 
academic advising, curriculum and program development, and college 
and departmental committee work. 

Position Begins: Fall Semester 2006 

Education: Doctorate preferred. Masters in discipline required. 

Experience: Undergraduate teaching experience is preferred. 

Character: Faculty candidates must have a personal relationship with Jesus 
Christ and evidence a mature Christian faith, be in agreement with the 
College’s statement of faith, be committed to the integration of biblical 
principles and be willing to invest themselves in the development of their 
students. 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

MOORE DISTINGUISHED VISITING PROFESSOR 1882 

http://darkwing.
uoregon.edu/~engl/php/
webpage.php?home 

The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a visiting 
scholar to hold the Carlisle and Barbara Moore Distinguished Professorship. 
We invite applications from scholars who have a distinguished record 
of research that focuses on issues of race and ethnicity in literature and/ 
or 
cultural production and who can enhance ethnic literary studies at the 
University of Oregon. Level of appointment, compensation, and length of 
the visiting residency (from one ten-week term to the entire 2006–2007 
academic year) will be determined by the credentials and situation of the 
person hired. Duties are negotiable and may include teaching a specialized 
course, organizing a lecture/seminar 
series, and a public lecture. To 
learn more about this position, see http://darkwing.
uoregon.edu/~engl/ 
php/
webpage.php?moore 

Application should consist of a letter, c.v., brief writing sample, and contact 
information for references or dossier service. Applications will be reviewed 
as they are received and the search will remain open until the 
position is filled. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action 
institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the 
Americans with Disabilities Act. We invite applications from candidates 
who share our commitment to diversity. [R] 

Pennsylva nia 

Cabrini C 

English & Communications, 610 King of Prussia Rd Radnor PA 19087 

Assistant Professor 1989 

http://www.
cabrini.edu 

Cabrini College, a Catholic, co-educational residential institution offers 
bachelor’s and master’s degrees to approximately 2,000 students in the 
Philadelphia suburb of Radnor. 

The College invites applications for a full-time English faculty position 
in the English and Communication Department to begin August 2006. 



The successful candidate will teach undergraduate courses in literature 
and writing. A strong committment to first year writing and a willingness 
to work in a collegial and innovative department that serves both 
English and Communication students simultaneously are necessary. A 
completed Ph.D. in an area other than American literature is preferred. 
Expectations for Cabrini faculty include teaching excellence, scholarship 
and professional activities, curriculum development, student advising, and 
departmental and college-wide service. Teaching experience is desirable. 
Please send letter of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and three current letters of recommendation to: Director of Human Resources, 
Cabrini College, 610 King of Prussia Road, Radnor, PA 19087. 
EEO/ AA. 


Juniata C 

English, 1700 Moore St Huntingdon PA 16652 

Assistant Professor of English 1736 

http://www.
juniata.edu 

Juniata College, a nationally ranked liberal arts college of 1,400 students 
located in the scenic mountains of central Pennsylvania, is seeking an Assistant 
Professor, tenure-track, to help develop and administer the Writing 
Program on campus. 3–3 load including two sections of Freshman Writing, 
and at least 3 sections of advanced writing (not fixed—possibilities 
include Science Writing, Advanced Technical Writing, Business Writing, 
Professional News and Feature Writing, Desk Top Publishing, and 
other journalism courses). Possibly one literature course as well. Ph.D. by 
August 2006 required. Initial review of the files will begin December 1, 
2005. Search will continue until the position is filled. 

Please send a letter of application describing teaching philosophy, experience 
related to the job description, research interests, curriculum vitae, 
summary of teaching evaluations, a resume and three letters of recommendation 
to: Gail Leiby Ulrich, Director of Human Resources, Juniata 
College, 1700 Moore Street, Box ML, Huntingdon, PA 16652. 

Juniata College will take positive steps to enhance the ethnic and gender 
diversity on its campus. The College commits itself to this policy not only 
because of legal obligations, but because it believes that such practices are 
basic to human dignity. 

AA/EOE 
[R] 

Penn State U 

English Department, 117 Burrowes Building University Park PA 16802 

Josephine Berry Weiss Chair in the Humanities 2198 

JOSEPHINE BERRY WEISS CHAIR IN THE HUMANITIES. The 
department of English at Penn State is seeking a distinguished professor to 
fill the Weiss Chair in the Humanities. Our original preference for candidates 
in 19th century literature and culture has been broadened: we are 
happy to consider distinguished candidates in any field of English studies. 
We are already reviewing applications, and will accept applications until 
the position is filled. Please send letters and resumes to Paterno Family 
Professor Michael Berube, Search Committee Chair, Box AL, Department 
of English, 112 Burrowes Building, Penn State, University Park, PA 
16802. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, 
and the diversity of its workforce. 

Penn State U 

Jewish Studies Program, 108 Weaver Bldg University Park PA 16802- 
5500 

Malvin and Lea Bank Postdoctoral Fellowship in Jewish Studies 2201 

The Jewish Studies Program at Penn State is pleased to announce the 
competition for the Malvin and Lea Bank postdoctoral fellowship. Residence 
in this two-academic-year position will commence on September 
1, 2006. Individuals at all stages in their academic careers are eligible to 
apply but must have completed all requirements for their advanced degree 
by August 1, 2006. The Program seeks to engage a scholar whose 
major research and teaching interests explore the writings produced by 
American Jewish authors. Candidates from a wide range of disciplinary 
backgrounds, including but not limited to Jewish studies, literary history, 
English, and comparative literature, are encouraged to apply.The incumbent 
will be expected to be in full-time residence at University Park, to 
conduct research, to offer two undergraduate single semester courses each 
academic year, and to participate in the intellectual life of the University 
Park campus. The annual stipend will be $35,000 plus health benefits. 
Candidates should submit a dossier by March 3, 2006 to insure full consideration. 
This document should include a CV, one writing sample, a 
statement of proposed research, descriptions of two undergraduate courses 
the applicant would be prepared to teach while at Penn State, and letters 
of recommendation from three individuals that address both research 
and teaching abilities to: Malvin and Lea Bank Postdoctoral Fellowship 
in Jewish Studies Attn: Rhonda Decker 108 Weaver Building Penn State 
Box M University Park, PA 16802 For further information contact the 
Program Director, Brian Hesse, at bch11@psu.edu or 814-863-8939. 
Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the 
diversity of its workforce. 

U of Pittsburgh 

Humanities, Johnstown PA 15904 

Assistant Professor of English 2076 

http://www.
upj.pitt.edu 

University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown. Tenure-track Assistant Professor 
appointment in Contemporary British Literature beginning August 2006. 
PhD in hand by start of appointment. Teach four courses per term, including 
first-year writing, introductory and general literature (e.g., poetry, 
short story), and Contemporary British Literature, depending on program 
needs. Desired secondary areas include strong preparation in Post-Colonial 
Literature and/or 
Theory, Cultural Studies, and/or 
Contemporary 
Critical Theory. Send letter of application, vita, official transcripts (copies 
acceptable initially), evidence of teaching effectiveness and scholarly 
agenda, and three letters of reference (under separate cover, directly from 
source or official placement file); review begins Feb 15th, position open 
until filled. Send to: Professor Catherine S. Cox, Search Chair, English 
Department, 233 Biddle Hall, University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown, 
Johnstown, PA, 15904. AA,EOE. [R] 

U of Pittsburgh 

Humanities, Johnstown PA 15904 

Assistant Professor of English Writing 1986 

http://www.
upj.pitt.edu 

University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown 

Assistant Professor of English Writing with emphases in fiction writing 
and professional/business 
writing. Teaching duties include four courses 
each term in both the Creative Writing and Professional Writing tracks of 
the English Writing major. Ph.D. in English or Creative Writing or MFA 
in English or Creative Writing. Full-time, tenure-track position. Send 
letter of application, vita, official transcripts, and three letters of reference 
(under separate cover directly from source or official placement file) by 
February 17, 2006. 

Send to: Dr. Catharine B. Kloss, Search Chair, English Department, 
University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown, Johnstown, PA 15904. AA/EOE 
Women and minority candidates encouraged to apply. [R] 



Puerto Ric o 

U of Puerto Rico 

For Langs, PO Box 23309 San Juan PR 00931 

Assistant or Associate Professor 2169 

http://www.
uprrp.edu/ 

Specialist in Early American Literature 

The English Department of the College of Humanities at the University 
of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Campus, announces a tenure-track position 
(Assistant or Associate Professor) beginning in July, 2006 for a specialist 
in Colonial and 18th Century American Literature. Applicants must 
have a Ph.D. in the area of specialization from an accredited university 
and demonstrate commitment to research and publishing commensurate 
with the holding of a tenure-track position at a research-intensive, doctoral-
degree-granting institution. The position involves the teaching of 
the American literature survey courses, as well as general literature, writing, 
or E.S.L. courses. Ideally, the applicant will also show preparation 
and teaching/research 
interest in English-speaking colonial literatures 
from Africa, India or the Caribbean; theory, criticism and early literatures 
of the Americas; or settler or plantation societies studies. Competence in 
or willingness to learn Spanish is desirable but not required at the time 
of the initial appointment. The English Department offers B.A., M.A., 
and Ph.D. degrees, and the applicant will be expected to contribute to all 
three programs, conduct research in his/her 
fields, and serve on committees. 
Teaching load is 12 credits per semester (possibly reduced to 9 for 
research). Salary and benefits are competitive. Moving expenses cannot 
be paid. 

Send letter of interest, statement of teaching philosophy and research interests, 
copies of transcripts from all colleges and universities attended, 
and three letters of reference to Dr. Diane Accaria, Chair, Early American 
Literature Search, Personnel Committee, English Department, College of 
the Humanities, University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Campus, P.O. 
Box 23356, San Juan, PR 00931-3356. All materials must be received by 
March 31, 2006. Review of materials begins immediately and will continue 
until the position is filled. 

The University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Campus is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 


South Ca rolina 

Lander U 

English and Foreign Languages, 320 Stanley Av Greenwood SC 29649 

Assistant Professor of English 1973 

http://www.
lander.edu/ engfl 


Tenure Track 

Lander University’s English faculty invites applications for this position 
which begins Fall 2006. Required: Ph.D. in English Education or English 
with a concentration in Education; secondary certification(US) in 
English; college and secondary teaching experience; experience using 
classroom technologies; evidence of appropriate professional activities 
and excellent teaching. Preferred: background in linguistics and familiarity 
with NCTE/NCATE 
standards. LU English faculty members teach 
twelve hours (four courses) per semester, usually including two first-year 
composition courses. A person in this position must also teach Secondary 
English Methods. Review of applications has begun, and will continue 
until position is filled. Please mail only hard-copy applications. Initial application 
should include a letter stating professional goals and philosophy 
of teaching, a CV, an unofficial transcript, and a list of references. This 
information is non-contractual, for information purposes only. Dr. Robert 
K. Phillips, Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, 
College 
of Arts and Humanities, Lander University, Greenwood, SC 
29649. Contacts: bphillips@lander.edu; http://www.
lander.edu/ engfl. 
AA/ EOE. 


Texa s 

Montgomery C 

English, 3200 College Park Dr Conroe TX 77384 

Faculty, English - Developmental ~ #40508 2197 

POSITION DESCRIPTION: 

• Primary responsibility is to teach the full range of Developmental English 
courses 

• Serve as a resource for Developmental English pedagogy and curriculum 


• Teach additional English courses, as needed 

• Make continuous efforts to improve the quality of instruction by reviewing 
and utilizing innovative methodologies, techniques and delivery 
methods 

• Develop and use a syllabus for each course within college and departmental 
guidelines 

• Plan, develop and use a variety of teaching methods and materials that 
assist students in meeting course objectives and which are appropriate 
for students with differing educational and experiential background and 
learning styles 

• Evaluate students to measure their progress toward achievement of stated 
course objectives and inform them in a timely manner of their progress in 
the course 

• Submit required college reports and forms 

• Maintain professional relationships with students, colleagues and the 
community 

• Work as a team member in a collaborative environment 

• Teach courses at a variety of times and locations in response to institutional 
needs 

• Provide access to students through posted office hours, electronic communication 
and other appropriate methods 

• Perform other job-related duties as required 

QUALIFICATIONS: 

Required: 

• Master’s degree or Doctorate in Developmental Education, Composition 
& Rhetoric, Literacy Studies, or closely-related field 

• Minimum, 18 graduate hours in English 

• Demonstrated commitment to the diversity and mission of the community 
college 

• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 

• Ability to teach Composition and Rhetoric 

Preferred: 

• Graduate coursework in composition and reading 

• Experience using a variety of delivery methods and technologies 

This position is subject to the successful completion of a criminal background 
check. 

ALL APPLICATIONS SHOULD BE COMPLETED ON-LINE AT: 

WEB: http://job.nhmccd.edu 

FAX: 832-813-6686 (Transcripts and licenses/certifications only) 

Review date: 1/17/06. Review of materials begins January 17, 2006 and 
will continue until the position is filled. NHMCCD fosters and appreciates 
ethnic and cultural diversity among its faculty, students, and administrative 
staff. Applications from women, ethnic minorities, veterans, and 
individuals with disabilities are welcome. 

To apply for a full-time faculty position, submit: A completed NHMCCD 
on-line application. Attach to your on-line application a resume/vita and 
a cover letter referencing job # 40508 that addresses your qualifications 
for the position as described in this vacancy announcement, your experience 
teaching and with courses and/or program development, and how 
you contribute to achieving the community college mission. Copies of 



transcripts (applicants with foreign credentials must submit a US transcript 
evaluation) may be faxed to the District HR office at the number 
listed above. Transcripts that were faxed prior to 12/1/2002 will need to 
be re-faxed. Any prior transcripts faxed after 1/1/2003 will not need to 
be re-faxed unless information is updated. AA/EEO 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant Professor of English—Latino/Latina 
Literature 1917 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~eng_www 

Tenure-track appointment (new position), contingent on funding. Primary 
emphasis ethnic literatures of the U.S., specialization in Latino/ 
Latina 
literature. Secondary specialty open, folklore expertise desirable. 
Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required; publications desirable. 
Teach 3/3, 
including undergraduate and graduate courses in Latino/ 
Latina 
literature and in secondary specialty and undergraduate courses in 
composition. 

Send letter of interest, c.v., and dossier to Bill Bridges, Chair, Department 
of English and Foreign Languages, P.O. Box 2146, Sam Houston 
State University, Huntsville, TX 77341. Interviews: MLA, phone, ITV. 
SHSU is an equal employment opportunity/aff 
irmative action plan 
employer. 
[R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant Professor of English—Creative Writing (Fiction) 1915 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~eng_www 

Tenure-track appointment, contingent on funding. Primary emphasis in 
fiction writing, secondary specialty open. Ph.D. in English and teaching 
experience (in the short story and/or 
the novel) required, publications 
in f iction required. Experience in editing for a journal or press desirable. 
Interest in Latino/Latina 
literature desirable. Teach 3/3, 
including 
undergraduate and graduate courses in fiction writing and in secondary 
specialty and undergraduate courses in composition. 

Send letter of interest, c.v., dossier, and writing sample to Bill Bridges, 
Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, P.O. Box 2146, 
Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX 77341. Interviews: MLA, 
phone, or ITV. SHSU is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative 
action plan employer. 
[R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant Professor of English—Technical and Professional 
Communication 1916 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~eng_www 

Tenure-track appointment (new position), contingent on funding. Primary 
emphasis in technical and professional communication, secondary 
specialty open. Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required; 
publications, experience with technology desirable. Teach 3/3, 
including 
undergraduate and graduate courses in technical and professional communication 
and in secondary specialty and undergraduate courses in composition. 


Send letter of interest, c.v., and dossier to Bill Bridges, Chair, Department 
of English and Foreign Languages, P.O. Box 2146, Sam Houston 
State University, Huntsville, TX 77341. Interviews: MLA, phone, or 
ITV. SHSU is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative 
action plan 
employer. 
[R] 

Texas A&M Intl U 

Lang & Lit, 5201 University Blvd Laredo TX 78041 

Asst./Assoc. Professor of English 2031 

http://www.
tamiu.edu 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English, tenure track, nine-month appointment 
(with good possibility of summer teaching), starting Fall 2006, 
specialization in rhetoric and composition. Ph. D. required at time of 
hire. The 4/3 
teaching load includes first-year composition sequence with 
the opportunity to teach at the graduate level and to develop courses at 
both the graduate and undergraduate levels. Training in one of the following 
areas desirable: ESL, developmental writing, composition theory, 
or electronic text and graphic production. Work with the National Writing 
Project a plus. Candidates should maintain balance between teaching, 
service, and research. Send cover letter, CV that includes list of graduate 
courses in the field, three letters of reference, and unofficial transcripts to: 
Dr. Ellen Barker, Director of Composition, Department of Language and 
Literature, 5201 University Blvd., Laredo, TX 78041-1900. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. 

Review of applications begins January 1, 2006 and will continue until 
position is filled. Possible interview at CCCC’s. Texas A&M International 
University is located on an attractive campus in a nascent metropolitan 
area (one of the fastest growing cities in the U. S.) with convenient access 
to Corpus Christi, San Antonio, and Monterrey, Mexico. EOE [R] 

Uta h 

Westminster C 

English, Salt Lake City UT 84105 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English/Writing 
Center Director 1196 

http://www.
westminstercollege.edu 

The English Program of Westminster College invites applicants for a fulltime 
position in Composition and Rhetoric beginning Fall 2006. We seek 
a colleague with experience in writing center administration and preparing 
undergraduate students for tutoring positions, as well as someone to 
teach composition and a variety of other courses. A secondary interest in 
literary theory is desirable. The successful candidate will be committed to 
excellence in teaching, effective administration, continued scholarship in 
the field, and close work with colleagues and students from across campus. 
We seek someone who can participate in/lead 
an ongoing conversation 
about writing across the curriculum and various ways to teach writing to 
undergraduates. Ph.D. required. 

Please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, evidence 
of teaching excellence, three letters of recommendation (at least two addressing 
teaching abilities), and an additional two phone references to 
Mary Jane Chase, Dean, School of Arts and Sciences, Westminster College, 
1840 South 1300 East, Salt Lake City, UT 84105 or to mjchase@ 
westminstercollege.edu. Review of applications will begin November 1 
and will continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews will 
be held at the MLA in Washington, D.C. For more information about 
Westminster College, please visit our website: www.westminstercollege 
.edu. 

Westminster College is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to a 
diversified workforce. All qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, 
national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability or veteran 
status, are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 



Virginia 

Hollins U 

English, PO Box 9677 Roanoke VA 24020 

Assistant Professor of English: Leave Replacement 2185 

http:// hollins.
edu 

Contingent upon approval, Hollins University announces a one-year 
replacement position for a generalist with expertise in 17th and/or 
18th 
century British Literature. Secondary interest in literary theory, Renaissance 
or Medieval literature, or interdisciplinary cultural studies is desirable. 
Ph.D. expected by the time of appointment. Qualified applicants 
should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier including 
graduate transcript/s 
and letters of reference (with SASPC for acknowledgement) 
to: Search Committee L, Department of English, Hollins 
University, P.O. Box 9677, Roanoke VA, 24020-1677. Reading of applications 
will begin immediately and the search will continue until the position 
is filled. Hollins is an EOE. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Hollins U 

English, PO Box 9677 Roanoke VA 24020 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing): Leave Replacement 2184 

http:// hollins.
edu 

Contingent upon approval, Hollins University announces a one year leave 
replacement position (with some possibility of renewal for a second year) 
for a poet and/or 
prose writer to teach creative writing at undergraduate 
and graduate levels, as well as literature courses in British and/or 
U.S. literature, 
especially 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries. The successful candidate 
will have book publication in poetry, fiction, or creative nonfiction and 
some publication in a second genre (poetry, fiction, or creative nonfiction). 
Ph.D. or creative writing master’s with scholarly content required. 
Qualified applicants should send letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
writing sample, and dossier including graduate transcript/s 
and letters 
of reference (with SASPC for acknowledgement) to: Search Committee 
CW, English Department, Hollins University, P.O. Box 9677, Roanoke 
VA, 24020-1677. Reading of applications will begin immediately and the 
search will continue until position is filled. Hollins is an EOE. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Lynchburg C 

School of Humanities and Social Sciences, 1501 Lakeside Dr 
Lynchburg VA 24501 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English 1688 

http://www.
lynchburg.edu 

The English Program of Lynchburg College invites applications for a 
full-time, tenure track position in Shakespeare and the Renaissance at 
the assistant/associate 
professor level, teaching a 4/3 
course load, to begin 
in August 2006. Qualifications must include a Ph.D. in English with a 
specialization in Shakespeare and Renaissance Studies. The candidate 
may expect to participate in the general education program. LC expects 
a strong commitment to teaching in an undergraduate liberal arts curriculum. 
Candidates should present evidence of teaching effectiveness, 
scholarly activity, and a willingness to serve campus and community. 
Send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of reference to Professor 
Thomas C. Allen, Coordinator, English Program, Lynchburg College, 
1501 Lakeside Drive, Lynchburg, VA 24501. For MLA interviews, complete 
documentation must be received by December 1. Applications will 
be reviewed until the position is filled. Lynchburg College is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

U of Virginia 

University of Virginia Library, P.O Box 400876, Charlottesville, 
VA 22904 

Head, Music Library 2179 

http://www.lib.virginia.edu 

The University of Virginia Library seeks an innovative, energetic leader 
to provide vision and direction for the Music Library. The successful candidate 
will aggressively evaluate, plan and implement services that will 
ensure the integration of traditional services and collections with new 
technologies in the Music Library of the future. 

Responsibilities: Reporting to the Director of Arts and Media Library 
Services, the Head of the Music Library is responsible for managing the 
services, collections and operations of the Music Library, and for working 
with colleagues throughout the library system to integrate music resources 
into the services and collections available for interdisciplinary use by the 
University community. The full posting can be found at http://www.lib
.virginia.edu/HR/faculty.html. 

Qualifications: Required: Master’s degree in library science or a related 
field. Supervisory and management experience. Understanding of current 
issues in academic libraries and sound-based collections. Familiarity with 
effective methods of instruction and scholarly research. Commitment to 
diversity and the ability to work with diverse groups of users and staff. 
Knowledge of related digital technologies, and the ability to effectively 
utilize information technology in library activities and operations. Ability 
to work effectively in a team environment. Excellent oral, written and 
interpersonal communication skills. Strong service orientation. Commitment 
to professional growth and the development and mentoring of 
library personnel. Preferred: Second Master’s degree in music, and familiarity 
with Western European or Asian languages. 

Salary and Benefits: Competitive depending on qualifications. This position 
has general faculty status with excellent benefits, including 22 days 
of vacation and TIAA/CREF and other retirement plans. Review of applications 
will begin on January 30, 2005 and will continue until the positionis 
filled. Send in print or electronic format, a letter of application, 
resume, and the names, addresses (including e-mail), and phone numbers 
of three references to: 

Mr. Alan R. Napier (arn3c@virginia.edu), Director of Library Human 
Resources, Alderman Library, PO Box 400876, University of Virginia, 
Charlottesville, VA 22904-4114. 

More information about the Library can be found at: http://www.lib
.virginia.edu/. 

The University of Virginia is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural 
diversity. The University actively encourages applications and nominations 
from members of underrepresented groups. 

Wa shington 

Eastern Washington U 

English, 250 Patterson Hall Cheney WA 99004 

Assistant Professor of English 1777 

Eastern Washington University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of English to begin September 2006. Required: PhD in 
English with graduate/scholarly 
background in 18th Century and Restoration 
British literature. Preference given to candidates with interests 
in critical theory and literary pedagogy. Interest in world literature desirable. 
Teach on a quarter system in English lower-/upper-division/ 
graduate 
courses as needed by the Department. Show commitment to 
classroom excellence, professional activity/publication, 
and University/ 
community 
service. Send letter of application, CV, evidence of teaching 
effectiveness, brief scholarly writing sample, and 3 letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Dana C. Elder, Chair, English Department, 250 PAT, EWU, 
Cheney, WA 99004-2431. Review of applications will begin as soon as 



applicant pool is certified and continue until position fills. Eastern Washington 
University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, 
and applications from members of historically under-represented groups 
are especially encouraged. The successful candidate will be required to 
show proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. pursuant to U.S. immigration 
laws. [R] 

Pacific Lutheran U 

English, Tacoma WA 98447 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English: Non-Fiction Prose and Composition 
(2 positions) 2175 

http://www.
plu.edu/~english 

Pacific Lutheran University invites applications for two one-year visiting 
appointments at the assistant professor level in writing, with a specialization 
in non-fiction prose and composition. Teaching duties will include 
some combination of the following creative non-fiction and expository 
writing courses, which support our popular B.A. in writing: Research 
and Writing; Free-Lance Writing; Writing in Professional Settings; Autobiographical 
Writing; and the Personal Essay. All English faculty teach 
first-year writing seminars in P.L.U.’s First-Year Experience Program. 
Ability to teach literature courses also desirable. We seek candidates who 
are excellent teachers with a promising record of publication. Terminal 
degree in creative writing or rhetoric/composition 
(Ph.D. or M.F.A.) 
strongly preferred. 

P.L.U. has approximately 3,600 students and is located in the Puget Sound 
area of the Pacific Northwest, 15 minutes from downtown Tacoma and 
50 minutes from Seattle. P.L.U. advocates rigorous and free intellectual 
inquiry in a diverse university community. P.L.U. is an E.E.O./Affirmative 
Action employer 
and welcomes applications from diverse populations. 
Please send letter, C.V., statement of teaching philosophy, and brief 
sample of published to Jim Albrecht, English Department Chair, Pacific 
Lutheran University, Tacoma, WA 98447-0003. Applications received by 
March 1 will receive priority, but applications received by March 15 will 
be considered. [R] 

Wisc onsin 

Lakeland C 

Humanities Div, PO Box 359 Sheboygan WI 53082 

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 1958 

http://www.
lakeland.edu 

Lakeland College, an independent liberal arts institution located in northeastern 
Wisconsin, seeks candidates with Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition, 
Writing, English or a related field, along with a particular interest 
and passion for interdisciplinary work in a liberal arts setting. Candidates’ 
background and/or 
interest should be in writing-across-the-curriculum, 
developmental writing, writing assessment, professional writing, and/ or 
classical rhetoric. Primary responsibilities will be in the basic composition 
sequence, with participation in interdisciplinary Core encouraged. Candidates 
may also have experience with or potential for writing program 
administration. 

Interested and qualified candidates should submit a letter of interest, current 
resume, a statement of teaching philosophy and three letters of reference 
to Director of Human Resources, Lakeland College, P.O. Box 
359, Sheboygan, WI. 53082-0359; or email to schoemerjr@lakeland 
.edu. Review of applications begins December 9; submission no later than 
March 1. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA. 

Lakeland College is an equal opportunity employer/
educator. 


Milwaukee Inst of Art & Design 

Lib Studies, 273 E Erie St, Milwaukee, WI 53202 

Assistant Professor In Writing 2177 

http://www.miad.edu 

The Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design (MIAD) is seeking a qualified 
instructor to teach a wide range of writing and humanities courses. 
Teaching at MIAD is student centered, involving a solid commitment to 
working closely with undergraduate art and design students, integrating 
rhetorical excellence and critical discourse with studio learning. 

This is a full-time position that will begin in the fall semester of the 
2006-2007 academic year. Teaching duties are nine (9) credit hours (three 
courses), or a total of eighteen (18) credit hours per year. In addition to 
the contact hours, the faculty member would be required to participate 
in curriculum development, committee work and student advising. This 
position opening is contingent on funding. 

Teaching at MIAD is student-centered. It involves a solid commitment to 
working closely with undergraduate art and design students in our degree 
programs, integrating studio learning, critical discourse, and writing. 

Only applicants possessing the following qualifications will be considered: 


- A PhD or M.F.A. or M.A. in Writing, English, Rhetoric or English 
Education with training in the teaching of composition. 

- A minimum of three (3) years post-secondary teaching experience that 
demonstrates a commitment to the teaching of writing. 

- A developing record of professional development as a writer or scholar. 

- A demonstrated interest in undergraduate teaching. 

- Experience with building liberal studies curriculum. 

- Experience in the use of writing and research technologies. 

Preference may be given to the candidates who possess the following: 

- Demonstrated interest in interdisciplinary teaching or teaching in other 
areas of Humanities and/or Sciences. 

- Experience teaching developmental writing. 

- Experience with service learning. 

Salary: Competitive. MIAD offers an attractive benefits package, including 
a TIAA/CREF retirement plan. 

Application: Qualified applicants should send a letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, writing samples, and the names and addresses of three (3) professional 
references. 

Please indicate availability for March 2006 CCCC Convention interview. 

Send Application Materials to: Mary McIntyre-Haig, Assistant to the 
Writing and Humanities Faculty Search Committee, The Milwaukee Institute 
of Art and Design, 273 East Erie Street, Milwaukee, WI 53202 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: Postmarked by Friday, February 17, 2006 

Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. MIAD adheres to affirmative 
action and is an equal opportunity employer. 

Visit our website: www.miad.edu [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Stevens Point 

English, Stevens Point WI 54481 

Assistant Professor of English 1901 

http://www.
uwsp.edu/ english/ 


Assistant Professor of English (Teaching Methods [Composition] /Professional 
Writing) 

[06–54F30] 

Tenure-track position, starting August 2006. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. Assignment 
will include contributions to the teacher-certification program, 
including the Methods of Teaching Composition (Elementary & Second



ary) course, and may include Freelance Writing, Outdoor Writing, and/ 
or 
other writing courses developed to suit candidate’s interest. Ph.D. and 
ongoing interest in publication preferred. We are looking for outstanding 
teaching, a strong commitment to undergraduate education, and awareness 
of the importance of diversity in education. Evidence of continued 
scholarly/creative/
professional achievement and university service is necessary 
for retention, promotion, and tenure. Competitive salary dependent 
on experience. Send letter of application and curriculum vita to Michael 
Williams, Chair, Department of English, University of Wisconsin-Stevens 
Point, Stevens Point, WI 54481. Applications will be accepted until 
the position is filled. The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point is committed 
to diversity in education and strongly encourages applications from 
female and minority candidates. Position contingent upon final budgetary 
approval. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Stevens Point 

English, Stevens Point WI 54481 

Assistant Professor of English 1797 

http://www.
uwsp.edu/ english/ 


Assistant Professor of English (Ethnic Literature(s) of the United States) 
[06–54F25] 

Tenure-track position, starting August 2006. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. Remaining 
course(s) in area of specialization and/or 
other courses, depending 
on scheduling needs. Ph.D. and ongoing scholarly commitment 
preferred. Any successful ABD candidate will be hired at the instructor 
level until completion of the degree; Ph.D. in hand required at time of 
retention decision. We welcome applications from specialists in Native 
American, African-American, Chicano(a), or Asian-American literature, 
but not to the exclusion of other relevant interests. We are looking for 
outstanding teaching, a strong commitment to undergraduate education, 
and awareness of the importance of diversity in education. Evidence of 
continued scholarly/professional 
achievement and university service is 
necessary for retention, promotion, and tenure. Competitive salary dependent 
on experience. Send letter of application and curriculum vita to 
Michael Williams, Chair, Department of English, University of Wisconsin-
Stevens Point, Stevens Point, WI 54481. Applications will be accepted 
until the position is filled. The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point is 
committed to diversity in education and strongly encourages applications 
from female and minority candidates. Position contingent upon final budgetary 
approval. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Stevens Point 

English, Stevens Point WI 54481 

Creative Writing/Poetry 
Specialist 1754 

http://www.
uwsp.edu/ english/ 


Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing/Poetry) 
[06–54F18] 

Tenure-track position, starting August 2006. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. Assignment 
may include beginning/advanced 
creative writing, depending 
on scheduling needs. Ph.D. and ongoing publication of creative work preferred. 
We are looking for outstanding teaching, a strong commitment 
to undergraduate education, and awareness of the importance of diversity 
in education. Evidence of continued scholarly/creative 
achievement 
and university service is necessary for retention, promotion, and tenure. 
Competitive salary dependent on experience. Send letter of application 
and curriculum vita to Michael Williams, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, Stevens Point, WI 54481. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled. The University of Wisconsin-
Stevens Point is committed to diversity in education and strongly 
encourages applications from female and minority candidates. Position 
contingent upon final budgetary approval. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Stevens Point 

English, Stevens Point WI 54481 

Technical/Expository 
Writing 1755 

http://www.
uwsp.edu/ english/ 


Assistant Professor of English (Technical Writing/Expository 
Writing) 
[06–54F19] 

Tenure-track position, starting August 2006. Teaching load 12 credit 
hours per semester, including at least 6 hours of freshman English. Assignment 
may include beginning/advanced 
technical writing or expository 
writing, depending on scheduling needs. Ph.D. and ongoing publication 
of creative work preferred. We are looking for outstanding teaching, a 
strong commitment to undergraduate education, and awareness of the 
importance of diversity in education. Evidence of continued scholarly/ 
creative 
achievement and university service is necessary for retention, 
promotion, and tenure. Competitive salary dependent on experience. 
Send letter of application and curriculum vita to Michael Williams, Chair, 
Department of English, University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, Stevens 
Point, WI 54481. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled 
The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point is committed to diversity in 
education and strongly encourages applications from female and minority 
candidates. Position contingent upon final budgetary approval. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-Superior 

Lang & Lit, Belknap & Catlin, PO Box 2000 Superior WI 54880 

Senior Lecturer English Literature 2121 

http://www.
uwsuper.edu/ hr/
jobs/05_
09VALL.htm 

Senior Lecturer: One-Year Senior lecturer in English literature. 

Qualifications: ABD or Ph.D. in English literature. 

Specialty: Literature (British literature preferred). Experience in literature 
surveys and composition would be a strong asset. Commitment to teaching 
undergraduates in a liberal arts college preferred. 

Duties: Teach 12 credit hours per semester. Typical course distribution: 
5–6 general education literature survey classes (possibilities include British, 
American, world, and/or 
women’s literature); one or two composition 
classes; and perhaps one upper-level course. Deadline: February 24, 
2006. Telephone interviews will follow. 

Application Materials: Submit letter, c.v., unofficial transcripts, and three 
letters of reference to Nicholas Sloboda, Search and Screen Committee 
Chair, Department of Language and Literature, University of Wisconsin—
Superior, Belknap & Catlin, Superior, WI, 54880. AA/ EOE. 
For more information, refer to http://www.
uwsuper.edu/ hr/
jobs/ 05_ 
09VALL.htm [R] 

Ca na dia n Institutions 

Laval U 

Lit, Quebec, QC G1K 7P4 

Professor of American Literature 2204 

The Département des littératures invites applications for an open rank 
tenure-stream position of Professor in American literature. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 

-Teaching (in English) at the undergraduate, Master’s, and doctoral levels 
in the field of American literature 

-Direction of Master’s theses and doctoral dissertations 

-Pursuit of research activities in American literature 

-Participation in the administration of programs related to the teaching of 
English literature 

-Participation in departmental and university activities 

SELECTION CRITERIA 



-Doctorate in English literature (or the equivalent) with specialization in 
American literature 

-A strong record of research in American literature (specialty in twentieth-
century preferred) 

-Relevant publications 

-University teaching experience 

-Good working knowledge of French and perfect mastery of oral and 
written English 

-Aptitude for working in team situations 

-Sensitivity to the particular requirements of teaching in a second language 
environment 

-An interest in comparative literature would be an asset 

-An interest in teaching composition from a literary point of view would 
be an asset 

STARTING DATE FOR THE POSITION: July 1, 2006 

Please forward a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of reference by March 31, 2006 to Monsieur Alban Baudou, Directeur, 
Département des littératures, Pavillon Charles-De Koninck, Université 
Laval, Québec QC G1K 7P4 

Under the terms of its Programme d’accès à l’égalité, Université Laval is 
dedicated to filling half of its vacant positions with female candidates. In 
accordance with Canadian immigration requirements, this advertisement 
is directed in the first instance to Canadian citizens and permanent residents 
of Canada. [R] 

McGill U 

English, 853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A Canada 

Drama and Theatre 2158 

http://www.
arts.mcgill.ca/ programs/
english/ english.
html 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin on August 1, 2006, in the area 
of Drama and Theatre, with a specialization in Restoration and Eighteenth-
Century 
Theatre Studies and with a strong, demonstrable interest 
in Shakespeare (or a specialization in Shakespearean Theatre Studies with 
a strong, demonstrable interest in Restoration and Eighteenth-Century 
Drama). Ph.D. is required. Some teaching experience and a knowledge of 
French are assets. Evidence of scholarly promise is a major consideration. 
The teaching load is 12 credits per academic year. Candidates will teach 
in and contribute to the development of the Department’s undergraduate 
option in Drama and Theatre; and they will also have the opportunity to 
participate in the development of research and graduate teaching focusing 
on Shakespeare and Eighteenth-Century 
Theatre studies, an area fostered 
particularly by McGill’s Burney Centre and the McGill Shakespeare and 
Performance Research Team. Information about the Department’s programs 
and courses may be found on our website: http://www.
arts.mcgill. 
ca/ programs/
english/ english.
html. Complete applications should include 
a curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a brief writing 
sample. Applications arriving by March 15th will be given priority consideration. 
Applicants who wish to receive an acknowledgement should 
include a stamped (Canadian postage please), self addressed postcard. In 
accordance with Canadian and Quebec Immigration requirements, this 
advertisement is directed first to Canadian citizens and permanent residents. 
McGill University is committed to equity in employment. Please 
address applications to: Professor Paul Yachnin, Chair, Department of 
English, McGill University, 853 Sherbrooke St. W., Montreal, Quebec, 
Canada H3A 2T6. [R] 

Depa rtment Cha irs/Dea nships 

Avila U 

English, 11901 Wornall Rd Kansas City MO 64145 

English Professor 2118 

http://www.
avila.edu 

Avila University, a Catholic University located in Kansas City, MO and 
sponsored by the Sisters of St. Joseph, has a full-time, tenure track position 
in English/Composition 
available for Fall 2006. Primary responsibilities 
include teaching six undergraduate courses and chairing the department. 
Ph.D. and teaching experience are required. Administrative experience 
and strong communication and leadership skills are desirable. 

Send letter of application and CV and three letters of recommendation 
to S. Marie Joan Harris, V.P. of Academic Affairs, 11901 Wornall Road, 
Kansas City, MO 64145. Review of applications will begin January 30, 
2006. EOE [R] 

Eastern Michigan U 

English, 612 Pray-Harrold Ypsilanti MI 48197 

Department Head 1671 

http://www.
emich.edu 

The Department of English Language and Literature seeks a full-time 
department head for a permanent administrative appointment carrying 
the rank of tenured full professor beginning August, 2006. The ideal 
candidate 
will have a record of teaching, scholarship, and service appropriate 
for a full professor; evidence of successful administrative experience; 
and proven leadership and communication skills. PhD or equivalent 
required. This candidate will demonstrate vision, the ability to be a strong 
advocate for all departmental programs, and commitment to both students 
and faculty. 

The Department of English Language and Literature has forty-seven 
tenure-track faculty, a large contingent of full and part time lecturers, 
graduate assistants, and administrative staff, and a proven history of 
congenial and collaborative work. The Department offers undergraduate 
degrees 
in children’s literature (interdisciplinary), creative writing, 
English education, 
journalism, linguistics, literature, professional writing, 
public relations (interdisciplinary), and technical writing and graduate 
degrees 
in children’s literature, creative writing, linguistics, literature, 
and written 
communication. It also maintains a strong commitment to general 
education. 


Primary responsibilities include program maintenance and development, 
faculty evaluation and development, assessment, recruiting, and budget 
management. The ideal candidate will work closely with the department’s 
various committees and advocate for the department at the college and 
university level. The teaching load is one course per year. 

Eastern Michigan University is located in the heart of culturally rich 
southeastern Michigan, ten minutes from Ann Arbor and forty five minutes 
from major towns and cities such as Toledo and Detroit. 

Send letter of application and CV and three letters of recommendation 
to Chair, English Department Head Search Committee, position 
APAA0601, 202 Boone, Eastern Michigan University, Ypsilanti, MI 
48197. Review of applications will begin November 15 and continue 
until the position is filled. Women and members of minority groups are 
encouraged to apply. For additional information call the Office of Academic 
Human Resources, (734) 487-0076. [R] 



Texas A&M U-Commerce 

Literature & Languages, PO Box 3011 Commerce TX 75429 

Department Head: Literature and Languages 2070 

http://www.
tamu-commerce.edu/ litlang 


Head: Department of Literature and Languages. Assoc. or Full Prof, tenure 
track. To direct 20 English, Spanish, French, Linguistics and Philosophy 
faculty and teach one course per sem. Department grants PhD 
in English and master’s in English and Spanish. Requirements: Ph.D. in 
English, college administrative and teaching experience, significant publications, 
U.S. citizenship. Position starts Aug. 2006. Search open until 
filled. Credential review beginning Dec. 2005. 

Send letter, cv, and copies of transripts to Richard Fulkerson, Chair, Head 
Search, Department of Literature and Languages, Texas A&M University-
Commerce, P.O. Box 3011, Commerce, TX 75429-3011. Have three 
recent letters of recommendation sent directly to same address. AA/ EOE 


U of Pittsburgh 

Humanities, Johnstown PA 15904 

Chair, Humanities Division 1983 

http://www.
upj.pitt.edu 

Chair, Humanities Division, University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown: tenured 
Associate/Full 
Professor position to begin July 2006. Administrative 
duties with partial teaching load. Requirements: Ph.D. in Communication, 
English Literature, English Writing, French, German, Spanish, or 
Philosophy. Teaching and research experience a must. Preferred administrative 
experience; demonstrated capabilities in budgeting, planning, 
program development, assessment, evaluation of teaching effectiveness. 
Review of applications to begin January 10, and continue until position is 
filled. Send: cover letter outlining administrative/teaching 
experience and 
research interests; cv; and contact information for three professional references 
to: Dr. Valerie Grash; Chair, Humanities Division Search Committee, 
230B Biddle Hall, University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown, Johnstown, 
PA 15904. See website: www.upj.pitt.edu. AA/EOE. 
Women and minority 
candidates encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

Mod Langs, 1201 W University Dr CAS Bldg, Rm 329 Edinburg 
TX 78539 

Dean-College of Arts and Humanities 1899 

http://www.
panam.edu/ provost/ 


The University of Texas—Pan American is seeking applications and nominations 
for the position of Dean of the College of Arts and Humanities. 
The College consists of six departments, offers 12 bachelors and 7 master’s 
degrees. 

The Dean is expected to be a visionary academic leader who can build 
on an established foundation, who is strongly committed to intellectual 
inquiry and high standards for research, performance, and teaching, who 
has the ability to assess an organization with an innovative perspective 
suggesting novel approaches seasoned with enthusiasm, vision, and pragmatism. 
The Dean is also expected to support the University’s goals to 
become a Carnegie Research Intensive institution and encourage collaborative 
development of appropriate doctoral programs in the college. 

As a member of the Council of Deans, the Provost’s Management Group, 
and the President’s Council, the Dean of Arts & Humanities is an integral 
member of the senior leadership of the campus. The Dean leads efforts to 
ensure that academic needs in all disciplines are met and leads the College 
in student retention efforts. The Dean ensures the academic integrity of 
all educational programs, supports the growth of academic achievement 
in teaching, research/performance, 
and service by faculty, extends the 
benefits of the college’s work to the community, represents the achievements 
of the College both internally and externally and develops external 
support and funding for the work of the College. 

Applicants must have an earned doctorate in one of the fields represented 
within the College, a distinguished professional career consistent with a 
tenurable appointment at the rank of full professor, an extensive record of 
progressively responsible administrative experience in higher education, 
including motivating and managing personnel, overseeing budgets, planning 
and assessing curriculum, etc., a demonstrated collaborative mindset 
that encourages joint academic and research opportunitiesamong faculty, 
with other colleges, related community and governmental interests, and 
with other institutions of higher learning, demonstrated excellent communication 
skills that permit open dialog with faculty, staff, and students, 
a notable record of academic administrative achievement, particularly in 
advancing research grant activity, publication, performance, and external 
funding in support of the university mission, a record of enhancement 
of the educational experience including access, retention, and success for 
both students and faculty. 

All applicants must submit a letter of interest that addresses the required 
qualifications, a detailed curriculum vita, official transcripts of all postsecondary 
academic work, a list of five references with postal and e-mail 
addresses as well as phone numbers to: COAH Dean Search, c/ o 
Office 
of the Provost/Vice 
President for Academic Affairs, 1201 W. University 
Dr., Edinburg, TX 78541. Review of applicants will begin December 1, 
2005 and continue until filled. Compensation and start date are negotiable; 
the preferred start date is June 15, 2006. For more information see 
www.panam.edu/ provost/. 


Washington U 

Womens and Gender Studies Program, One Brookings Drive St Louis 
MO 63130 

Director of the Women and Gender Studies Program 2029 

http://www.
wustl.edu 

Washington University is seeking a Director of the Women and Gender 

Studies Program. Candidates may be in any discipline, though candidates 
with a background in anthropology, economics, or psychology are particularly 
welcome. Candidates must show a demonstrated interest in and 
record of scholarly achievement in the women and gender studies aspect 
of their field. Responsibilities include academic leadership and teaching 
on the graduate and undergraduate level, service, and confirmed scholarly 
activities in this field. 

Desired qualif ications include experience in academic administration, 
teaching, and research. This will be a joint appointment with tenure at 
the associate or full professor level in the Women and Gender Studies 
Program and the relevant department in Arts and Sciences. We are looking 
for a person with an outstanding record of publication and a demonstrated 
commitment to Women and Gender Studies. 

Review of applications will begin on or by February 17, 2006, and continue 
until the position is filled. Please send a letter of interest and CV including 
names of three references to Gerhild Scholz Williams, Chair, Box 
1104 German Department, Washington University, St. Louis, MO 63130 

Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. Washington 
University is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

Compa ra tive Litera ture 

Oberlin C 

Comp Lit Prog, 10 N Professor St, Rice 28 Oberlin OH 44074 

Visiting Assistant Professor or Instructor of Comparative Literature 2186 

http://www.
oberlin.edu/complit/ 


A non-continuing sabbatical replacement faculty position in Comparative 
Literature. Appointment is half-time for one year beginning fall 2006 and 
carries the rank of Visiting Assistant Professor or Instructor in Comparative 
Literature. 

We seek candidates trained in two or more of the following languages and 
literary traditions: Chinese, English, French, German, Greek, Japanese, 



Latin, Russian, and Spanish. Extra weight may be given to the following 
research specialties: literature and visual art; literature and music; European 
literatures; East-West studies; literary theory; literary translation. 

The incumbent will participate in all program activities and teach two 
sections of Intro. to Comparative Literature and one in a specialty. 

PhD or late ABD. Send letters of application including cv, graduate transcripts, 
evidence of teaching ability, a short sample of scholarly writing, 
course syllabi and student course evaluations if available, and 3 letters of 
reference to Tim Scholl, Peters Hall 218, Oberlin College, Oberlin OH 
44074 by February 24, 2006. Applications will be accepted until the position 
is filled. Oberlin College is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

Penn State U 

Department of Comparative Literature, 311 Burrowes Building 
University Park PA 16802 

Assistant, Associate, or Professor of Comparative Literature and Jewish 
Studies 646 

http://complit.
la.psu.edu/ 

MODERN HEBREW LITERATURE 

NOTE: THIS SEARCH HAS BEEN POSTPONED. THANK YOU 
TO ALL WHO APPLIED. 

Linguistic s a nd ESL 

Bethel U 

Modern World Languages, 3900 Bethel Dr St Paul MN 55112 

Assistant Professor of TESOL 1682 

http://www.
bethel.edu 

The College of Arts and Sciences of Bethel University invites applications 
for a full-time tenure track faculty position in Modern World Languages 
beginning fall 2006. Ph.D. or Ed.D. in TESOL preferred, with 
state licensure in TESL. Native or near-native abilities in English. Candidate 
must have broad experience teaching TESOL in the United States. 
Teach seven courses or equivalent per year. Teach all levels of courses in 
TESOL program, including linguistics and teaching English as a second/ 
foreign 
language. Ability to teach in another area (e.g., French, Spanish, 
or linguistics) helpful. Coordinate the TESOL Practicum Abroad and 
supervise student teachers. General faculty responsibilities will include 
student advising, and department and committee assignments. Candidate 
must be committed to the liberal arts educational mission and evangelical 
Christian orientation of the university and demonstrate commitment 
to excellence in undergraduate teaching, mentoring students, and scholarship. 
Candidate must demonstrate the ability to contribute to Bethel’s 
anti-racism efforts and cross-cultural understanding. Letter of application 
and vita should be addressed to Dr. Debra K. Harless, Dean of Academic 
Programs, 3900 Bethel Drive, St. Paul, MN 55112. [R] 

Emporia SU 

Mod Langs & Lits, 1200 Commercial St Emporia KS 66801 

English as a Second Language: MA TESOL Program 2089 

http://www.
emporia.edu 

Emporia State University, Department of Modern Languages and Literatures, 
full-time tenure-track position in new MA TESOL Program, 
beginning August, 2006. Ph.D. in TESOL and Applied Linguistics or 
related f ield expected by August, 2006 for tenure-track appointment. 
Successful teaching at university graduate level courses and proficiency 
in a second language preferred. Knowledge of language assessment and 
instructional methodologies, sociolinguistics, second language acquisition 
theories and practice, cross-cultural communication theories and practice, 
research methods in TESOL, experience in mentoring, supervising, and 
training teachers, and experience with technology/distance 
learning a 
plus. Screening will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is f illed. To apply, submit a letter of interest, c.v., and complete placement 
file to: Dr. Abdelilah Salim Sehlaoui, TESOL Search Chair, Emporia 
State University, Department of Modern Languages and Literatures, 
Campus Box 4024, 1200 Commercial Street, Emporia, KS 66801; phone: 
620-341-5424; e-mail: sehlaoua@emporia.edu An AA/EOE 
institution, 
Emporia State University encourages minorities and women to apply. 
www.emporia.edu Paid for by ESU. [R] 

Macomb Comm C 

Communications, 14500 E Twelve Mile Rd Warren MI 48093-3896 

Instructor of ESL 2205 

NOTICE OF VACANCY - FULL-TIME FACULTY - INSTRUCTOR 
OF ENGLISH FOR ACADEMIC PURPOSES/ENGLISH AS A 
SECOND LANGUAGE - DISTRICT 

THE POSITION: An opportunity to help speakers of other languages at 
a premier community college acquire competence in academic English. 
Primary responsibilities include teaching ESL/EAP classes, developing 
new state-of-the-art courses, and identifying appropriate teaching materials. 


QUALIFICATIONS: Your letter of application should address specifically 
how your background and experience relate to the following qualif 
ications. Include a short (no more than two pages) statement of your 
approaches to teaching academic English skills to non-native speakers 
(from false beginners through advanced levels). Particularly focus on your 
methods of teaching composition. (Students who successfully complete 
our advanced course should be prepared to succeed in freshman composition.) 
Include an analysis of what methods have been successful and why. 
Also include at least two letters of recommendation. 

Academic Credentials: A master’s degree in Teaching English as a Second 
Language (or an equivalent degree) is preferred. A master’s degree in a 
related field (e.g., Linguistics) with coursework in Teaching English as a 
Second Language will also be considered. If you are offered a position, official 
transcripts must be provided before you begin working. 

Academic Preparedness: Current and comprehensive knowledge of the 
ESL/EAP f ield, including second-language acquisition theories and 
teaching methods, must be demonstrated. Include evidence from such 
areas as your participation in professional associations, papers, recognition, 
awards, teaching, research, and professional development. 

Experiential Background: Relevant teaching experience is required. It 
should include teaching ESL/EAP courses at the post-secondary level, and 
at least some of these courses should involve the teaching of composition. 

Technological Proficiency: Basic computer literacy and knowledge of language-
based use of technology in the classroom, particularly as applied to 
teaching second-language students. 

Assessment: Knowledge of and demonstrated ability to assess learning 
outcomes. 

SALARY 2005–2006 $41,196–$61,794 commensurate with experience, 
plus potential for overload compensation of up to $22,000. 

STARTING DATE: Fall 2006 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: March 15, 2006 

APPLICATION PROCESS: To receive application materials please call 
the Off ice of Human Resources 586.445.7885 (Monday - Friday 8:30 
- 4:00 EDT). You may also print an application form directly from our 
website at www.macomb.edu. To ensure consideration, required application 
materials (Application for Employment, letter addressing how you 
meet the stated qualifications for the position, short state of pedagogy, 
transcripts, resume and 2 letters of reference) must be received by March 
15, 2006. Mail to: Office of Human Resources, Macomb Community 
College, 14500 E 12 Mile Road, Warren, MI 48088. The search will 
continue until the position is filled. 

As an equal opportunity employer and learning institution, Macomb 
Community College recruits, hires and promotes for all positions with



out regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, or handicap. 
AA/EEO Employer 

Texas Tech U 

Classical & Modern Languages & Literatures, PO Box 42071 Lubbock 
TX 79409 

Assistant/Associate/
Professor of Applied Linguistics or English as a Second 
Language 1861 

http://www.
jobs.texastech.com 

Texas Tech University is a comprehensive university with an enrollment 
of over 29,000 students. The university is a charter member of the 
National Holmes Partnership with a wide range of undergraduate and 
graduate NCATE accredited programs. Texas Tech University, which is 
a member of the Big 12 Conference, is located in Lubbock (population 
206,000). 

The Applied Linguistics Division of Classical and Modern Languages and 
Literatures seeks a tenure-track or tenured professor to start Fall 2006. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. in Applied Linguistics or related field with 
a specialization in ESL and a strong commitment to research, teaching 
and service. Responsibilities include establishing an ongoing program of 
research related to ESL, teaching graduate and undergraduate courses in 
applied linguistics/ESL, 
and mentoring current M.A. and future Ph.D. 
students. 

Applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment. Apply online 
at www.jobs.texastech.com, requisition # 60390. All candidates should 
submit a letter of interest, CV, three letters of reference, and a writing 
sample to Dr. Andrew Farley, Chair, Applied Linguistics/ESL 
Search 
Committee, Department of Classical and Modern Languages and Literatures, 
Texas Tech University, P.O. Box 42071, Lubbock, TX 79409-2071. 
Review of applications will begin November 15, 2005. Applications will 
be accepted until the position is filled. 

Texas Tech is an equal opportunity, equal access, aff irmative action 
employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to diversity. TTU seeks 
to be sensitive to the needs of dual career couples. For more details about 
TTU or the Department of Classical and Modern Languages, visit www 
.ttu.edu and www.depts.ttu.edu/classic_
modern. [R] 

Nonaca demic Listings 

American Academy of Arts & Sciences 

American Academy of Arts & Sciences, 136 Irving Street 136 Irving 
Street Cambridge MA 02138 

Program Officer-Humanities & Education 2111 

http://www.
amacad.org 

The American Academy of Arts and Sciences, an international learned 
society with headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts, seeks a Program 
Officer for its programs in the humanities and education. As a member 
of the Academy’s senior staff, the Program Officer will manage and contribute 
intellectually to the Academy’s research studies on humanities and 
education issues. This is a unique opportunity for a highly motivated individual 
to play an important role in significant projects involving some 
of the country’s most outstanding scholars and practitioners. 

Responsibilities include working with other senior members of the 
Academy program staff to identify, develop, and manage humanities and 
education 
projects; organize meetings, conferences, and symposia; write 
and edit research publications; and help raise and manage funds from 
foundations and other sources. 

The ideal candidate will have a Ph.D. in a humanities discipline; relevant 
experience in a university, foundation, or non-profit; experience in academic 
or project administration; superior writing, editing, research, and 
communication skills; and knowledge of private foundations and other 
funding sources. 

Please email or mail resume and cover letter to: Humanities and Education 
Search, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 136 Irving Street, 
Cambridge, MA 02138 

staffing@amacad.org 

We are an equal opportunity employer. 


Educational Testing Service 

Human Resources, Rosedale Road, MS 02D Princeton NJ 08541 

Assessment Specialist-Verbal & Writing Skills 1717 

http://www.
ets.org 

Educational Testing Service is seeking qualified applicants for a test development 
position with responsibilities for creating college admission 
and graduate-level assessments of writing and reading skills. An academic 
background in literature and the English language is desirable, although 
applicants with specialties in related disciplines will also be considered. 
Applicants must have extensive expertise in analyzing, writing, and editing 
texts; experience with constructed-response assessments and holistic 
scoring would also be helpful. 

ETS offers competitive salaries, outstanding benefits, a stimulating work 
environment, and attractive growth potential. 

Please submit the following documents to Cheryl Wallace, Educational 
Testing Service, Rosedale Road, MS 02-D, Princeton, NJ 08541 or 
Email:cxwallace@ets.org or Fax: (609) 734-1900: 

•A cover letter indicating the position #2459 and salary requirements 

•A copy of a current CV 

•A sample of your scholarly writing (10–20 pages) 

We regret that we are not able to respond to each application received; 
only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 

EEO/AA 
Employer, 
M/ F/
V/ D 


For further details, please go to http://www.
ets.org 

Oversea s Institutions 

Al-Quds U 

English, P.O. Box 51000 Jerusalem ( East) 

Assistant/Associate/
Full Professors 1838 

Translation/language/
literature, Al-Quds University ( Jerusalem)Assistant/ 
Associate/
Full Professors 

Al-Quds University in east Jerusalem and suburb of Abu Dees announces 
tenure-track or visiting positions for its B.A. in English and innovative 
M.A. in Translation and Interpreting, to begin September 2006. (1) Ph.D. 
in translation, to teach at least two of the following: translation technology, 
terminology management, audiovisual translation, interpreting, 
translation theory. Command of three languages is desirable, not necessarily 
Arabic. (2) Ph.D.s in English, to teach language and English/ U.
S. 
literature (surveys, genres, seminars, study skills, pronunciation, communication 
skills and writing for English majors and the M.A.). The environment 
is challenging and interesting, rich in its sites and history as well 
as opportunities for personal knowledge and growth. MLA interviews are 
possible. Send letter and cv to Chair, Department of English, Al-Quds 
University, P.O. Box 51000, Jerusalem (east), or email: raad@planet.edu 
(or basem48@yahoo.com). Visit the programs at www.alquds.edu, under 
Faculty of Arts/ English. 




American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Director 2124 

http://www.
aucegypt.edu 

Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Abdulaziz Alsaud Center for American Studies 
and Research 

The American University in Cairo seeks a Director for its Center for 
American Studies and Research (CASAR) that was established in 2004. 
The Director will be an entrepreneurial leader who will develop the 
Center’s long-term program in consultation with the Faculty Steering 
Committee. The Director will have primary responsibility for program 
planning, fundraising, and for managing the operations of the Center. 
The qualities sought are academic vision, insight into American Studies 
in the United States and abroad, and strong fundraising abilities. The Director 
will be expected to spend most of the year in Cairo and to work 
closely with the university’s development office in New York. The person 
would also have the option of teaching courses in American Studies at the 
undergraduate or graduate level. AUC has a competitive salary and fringe 
benefit package. The position will be available January 2006 or as soon 
thereafter as possible. 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in downtown Cairo, 
Egypt, but will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo 
beginning Fall Semester, 2007 (see the New Campus website at www 
.aucegypt.edu/ncd/
New%20Campus.html). AUC’s degree programs are 
accredited by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States 
Association of Colleges and Schools. For more information see our website 
at www.aucegypt.edu. Initial appointment is for two or three years. 
Renewal of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or 
the 
appointee’s performance. For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual 
round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling 
for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. 
In view of AUC’s protocol agreement with the Egyptian Government, 
which requires specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country 
citizen faculty, at this time preference will be given to qualified applicants 
who are U.S. citizens. 

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: E-mail a letter of intent specifying 
Position # CASAR-1 with a current C.V. to facultyaffairs@aucnyo 
.edu and arrange to have three letters of recommendation and transcripts 
mailed to: Dr. Earl (Tim) Sullivan, Provost, American University in 
Cairo, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3, New York, N.Y. 10018-2729. For full 
consideration, candidates must also complete the Personnel Information 
Form provided at http://forms.
aucegypt.edu/provost/
pif3.html. Review 
of candidates will begin immediately; applications will be accepted until 
the position is filled. 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER. 


Bilkent U 

Humanities & Letters, Bilkent, Ankara 06533 Turkey 

Positions in English 2024 

http://www.
elit.bilkent.edu.tr 

The English Language and Literature Department of the Faculty of Humanities 
and Letters at Bilkent University invites applications for several 
faculty positions at all levels (assistant, associate and full professor) in the 
areas of 

16th and 17th Century Literature 

Shakespeare 

18th Century Novel 

19th Century Fiction 

The Neoclassical Period 

Victorian Fiction 

Victorian Poetry 

20th Century British Drama 

20th Century Fiction 

20th Century Poetry 

Contact: Prof. Talât Halman, Dean, Faculty of Humanities and Letters, 
Bilkent University 06800, Ankara TURKEY 

Phone: +90-312-290-1457, Fax: +90-312-266-4934 

E-mail: turkedeb@bilkent.edu.tr 

Tunghai U 

Foreign Languages & Literature, 181 Taichung Harbor Road Sec.3 
Taichung 407 Taiwan 

Assistant Professor of English 1884 

http://www2.
thu.edu.tw/~flld/ 

Assistant Professor, Department of Foreign Languages and Literature at 
Tunghai University, Taiwan; Fall 2006. 

The appointment concerns a full-time position in the Department’s undergraduate 
English Majors Program. PhD in Rhetoric/Composition, 
English/Comparative 
Literature, Cultural Studies or related field and a 
commitment to teaching and research in an EFL context required. Expertise 
in Commonwealth Literature/World 
Literature in English, Cultural 
Studies, and Ecocriticism desirable. Teaching load will include composition 
courses. 

Send cover letter, resumé, and dossier (including at least 3 reference letters, 
transcripts, and copy of diploma) to: Dr. James Sims, Chair, Department 
of Foreign Languages and Literature, Tunghai University, Taichung 
407, Taiwan 

Tel.: 886–4-23590253 

Fax: 886–4-23594002 

http://www2.
thu.edu.tw/~flld/ 

Email: sims@thu.edu.tw (For enquiries only) 

Deadline: February 15, 2006 

Please indicate clearly that the application is intended for the position in 
the English Majors Program as the Department will also be advertizing 
vacancies in its non-majors’ division. 

Postdoc tora l Listings 

Stanford U 

Literature, Art and Art History, Stanford University Stanford 
CA 94305 

Postdoctoral Fellowship in Literature, Art & Visual Technology 2040 

http://visualization.
stanford.edu 

The organizers of the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Sawyer Seminar at 
Stanford University for 2006–07 invite applications for a postdoctoral fellowship 
in conjunction with their year-long project, Visualizing Knowledge: 
From Alberti’s Window to Digital Arrays (prospectus available at 
http://visualization.
stanford.edu). The post-doctoral fellow will take an 
active part in the seminar’s organization as part of the steering committee. 
The fellow will teach one course, ideally an undergraduate seminar, 
on some aspect of visualization and will be expected to participate in the 
seminar’s sessions and intellectual program. Candidates must have received 
their Ph.D. degree between 1 January 2003 and 30 June 2006. The 
fellow must be in residence at Stanford during the term of the appointment: 
1 September 2006 to 15 June 2007. The stipend will be $40,000 
plus benefits. The application deadline is 15 February 2006. Please submit 
hardcopies of the following materials: 

1. A brief cover letter explaining the relevance of your training and current 
research to the topic of this seminar. 

2. Curriculum Vitae 

3. An abstract of your dissertation 



4. A sample of your written work (30 pages maximum) 

5. A two-page prospectus of a course you would be prepared to teach. 
Since this course would be offered through a standing Stanford department, 
you are encouraged to become familiar with recent course offerings 
and department curricula. 

6. Three confidential letters of recommendation (or an active placement 
dossier) 

Faxed or electronic application materials cannot be considered. Send all 
materials to: Professor Michael Marrinan, Mellon Sawyer Postdoctoral 
Fellowship, Stanford University, Department of Art & Art History, 435 
Lasuen Mall, Stanford, CA 94305-2018 

Only complete applications wil l be considered. Finalists may be 
interviewed. 
The successful applicant will be informed by 1 April 
2006. [R] 



