position the department of english,  comparative literature, and linguistics invites applications for an assistant professor in  literature and the environment. scholars with comparative, transnational, or transhistorical approaches are especially  encouraged to apply. secondary specialization should include one of the following: critical race studies, queer  theory and/or sexuality studies, global anglophone literatures, new media studies, or digital humanities. teaching assignments include courses at upper-division and ma levels, survey courses, general education, composition,  NA each semester. reduction in teaching load is provided for the first two years, and re-assigned time is available for research,  course development, and administration. qualifications NA or comparative literature, with training and experience in environmental studies/ecocriticism/ NA completion prior to appointment. NA NA technologies. NA NA NA rank and salary the position is at the rank of assistant professor, tenure-track. salary is competitive and commensurate with experience  and qualifications. teaching opportunities exist during summer and january intersession. an excellent comprehensive  benefits package is available which includes health/vision/dental plans; spouse, domestic partner, and/or  dependent-fee waiver; access to campus childcare as well as affordable housing program; and a defined benefit retirement  through the state system, along with optional tax-sheltering opportunities. for a detailed description of benefits,  go to http:// hr .fullerton .edu/ benefits/ faculty_ unit_ 3 .pdf. job control number appointment date august 22, 2014 application procedure NA three letters of recommendation to: carlen pope department of english,  comparative literature, and linguistics university hall 323 california state university, fullerton fullerton, ca 92834-6868 application deadline applications postmarked by october 1, 2013, will receive full consideration. applications postmarked after this date  may be considered if the position is still open. applications will be acknowledged by a letter or email. preliminary  interviews will be held at the end of october via skype appointments, and campus visits will be arranged for selected  candidates in november. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013.  california su, long beach english,  1250 bellflower blvd long beach ca 90840