the department of english  at columbus state university invites applications for a tenure-track position as assistant  professor in rhetoric and composition and a specialty in tesol or linguistics to begin august 1, 2014. columbus state university offers a student-centered environment in the thriving-arts community of columbus,  georgia, about 100 miles southwest of atlanta. csu has enjoyed steady growth in recent years, enrolling more than  8,400 undergraduate and graduate students. the university offers 46 undergraduate and graduate degrees. featuring  small class sizes, csu offers nationally-accredited programs in art, nursing, music, theatre and teacher education. the  university also offers a variety of online courses and an extensive continuing education program. the successful candidate will offer introductory surveys and upper division courses in these subject areas, as well as  composition. the position requires phd in rhetoric and composition with secondary emphasis in tesol and/or linguistics. for fullest consideration, please submit your application by february 15, 2014. applications for part-time and full- time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and official transcripts must be presented prior to  campus visit if selected for interview. applicants must have the ability to meet southern association of colleges and  schools (sacs) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in the teaching discipline. columbus  state university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer,  committed to diversity in hiring. please e-mail three confidential letters of recommendation that are sent directly from references, university placement  services or other professional services (e.g., interfolio) to hr@ columbusstate .edu or mail to: human resources office,  columbus state university, 4225 university avenue, columbus, georgia 31907.  a successful criminal background check will be required as a condition of employment. required documents to submit with online application NA NA NA NA NA NA .peopleadmin .com/. contact information dr. seon jeon, department of english,  columbus state university, 4225 university avenue, columbus, georgia  31907-5645. telephone: (706) 569-2564, e-mail: jeon_ kyongseon@ columbusstate .edu this listing was submitted to the jil on 13 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 14 february  2014. georgia c & su english  & rhetoric, campus box 044 milledgeville ga 31061