tenure-track assistant professor of english,  with expertise in postcolonial literature and in literary theory. we seek a  scholar-teacher prepared to contribute to the on-going development and diversification of our curricula for the english  NA collaborative department of english.  we welcome diverse approaches, including diasporic and/or comparative literatures,  etc., and we value and support both disciplinary and interdisciplinary scholarship and teaching. the university  NA environmental justice, among others. excellent teaching and publication, in addition to service and student advising,  are actively supported and are required for tenure and promotion in the department. minimum qualifications: expertise in postcolonial literature and in literary theory; ability to teach courses in colonial  NA both research and teaching, including in the teaching of first-year composition. abd near completion of the phd in  english  or a related field. preferred qualifications: phd in english  or a related field; research focus on anglophone literatures of south asia,  africa, the caribbean, or the middle east; conversance with the historical development of postcolonial studies; successful  college-level teaching experience; experience teaching and advising students from diverse backgrounds; relevant  international experience; willingness to engage with internationalization and/or social justice initiatives;  demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with colleagues within and beyond the department. the university of dayton, founded in 1850 by the society of mary, is a top ten catholic research university. the  university seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic excellence  in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and service  in the local and global community. for department information, visit http:// www .udayton .edu/ artssciences/ english/.  apply online only, with letter of application, one-page statement of teaching philosophy, and c.v., by october 31,  2013 at http:// jobs .udayton .edu/ postings/ 10175. to attain its catholic and marianist mission, the university is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion and  affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. we act affirmatively to recruit and hire women,  traditionally under-represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. u of dayton english,  300 college park dayton oh 45469