the university of south dakota invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor of english  to serve as coordinator  of english  as a second language (esl) and teaching english  to speakers of other languages (tesol).  responsibilities include esl/tesol curriculum development and program assessment, the mentoring of graduate  teaching assistants, and classroom teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. excellence in teaching is expected, both in the classroom and in mentoring students outside the classroom, including  students in the ma program with a specialization in tesol. the ability to teach courses in tesol methods,  composition, and literature is required; the ability to teach courses in linguistics and grammar is desirable. an ongoing  research agenda is assumed. teaching experience and a phd in english,  linguistics, or a closely related field are  required. housed in the college of arts and sciences, usd's english  department offers ba/bs, ma, and phd degrees. usd is  the state's flagship liberal arts university. anticipated date of appointment is august 22, 2014. salary is commensurate with rank. applicants must apply online at https:// yourfuture .sdbor .edu. applications must be accompanied by curriculum vitae,  application letter, unofficial graduate transcript, and contact information for three references. the committee will request  that finalists for the position arrange for three confidential letters of recommendation to be submitted. supporting materials may also be submitted to: john dudley, chair, english  department the university of south dakota 414 east clark street vermillion, sd 57069-2390 screening begins january 15, 2014 and continues until a suitable candidate is hired. the university of south dakota is an equal opportunity/affirmative action institution committed to increasing the  diversity of its faculty, staff, and students. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 december 2013 and was available online from 6 december 2013 through 17 january 2014. u of south dakota english,  414 e clark st, 212 dakota hall vermillion sd 57069