 tufts university is pleased to announce the establishment of the sol gittleman professorship in film and media  studies. we seek an internationally recognized scholar and educator with the energy and vision to help shape a new  interdisciplinary program in film and media studies. the field of specialization is open, but the successful candidate  will demonstrate a commitment to working with faculty and students across the curriculum and to fostering an interdisciplinary  community of scholars and practitioners committed to promoting film and media literacy, research, and  teaching. the gittleman professor will be appointed jointly in an appropriate home department and in the new film  and media studies program. appointment will be at the rank of full professor. qualifications: required: NA NA NA NA preferred: NA NA NA responsibilities NA communications and media studies (cms) program, which currently offers minors, internships, and extracurricular  programming in mass communications and media studies, film studies, and multimedia arts; NA practice; NA NA NA citizenship. in addition to cms, tufts currently offers an interdisciplinary major in international literary and visual studies,  which makes possible the study of literature, film, and the visual arts in an international context. more than thirty  faculty members from many departments across the arts, humanities, and social sciences teach a wide variety of theoretical  and practice-based film and media courses. for more information, see http:// ase .tufts .edu/ cms, http:// ase .tufts .edu/ ilvs, and http:// uss .tufts .edu/ bulletin (for specific departments and course descriptions). applicants should submit a cv and letter of application, explaining their interest in the position, to filmandmedia@  tufts .edu. for more information, contact nancy bauer, dean of academic affairs, school of arts and sciences, tufts  university, at nancy .bauer@tufts.edu. review of applications begins february 1, 2014, and continues until the position is filled. tufts university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  we are committed to increasing the diversity  of our faculty. members of underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 5 december 2013 and was available online from 6 december 2013 through 28 february 2014. u of massachusetts english, 