 we invite you to consider joining a dedicated team who oversee an interdisciplinary department and undergraduate  major in critical media and cultural studies. our curriculum includes core courses centered on research and theory;  NA and sexualities; media and human rights); and lab requirements focused on skills such as video shooting and image-,  sound-, and video editing. as a small, highly-interdependent department, we seek a colleague who will contribute to and thrive within a collaborative  NA equality, peace, and justice; we seek a colleague whose teaching, research, service, and everyday life strive to embody  that mission and those values. our new colleague typically will teach 6 courses per year, perhaps half of them in our core: introduction to media  and cultural studies; researching media and culture; critical frameworks for contemporary culture; and senior  NA research and teaching foci of particular interest include but are not limited to: social justice journalism, human  rights journalism, peace journalism, public interest journalism, social justice filmmaking, and digital storytelling  (especially as it pertains to equality, peace, and justice). other desirable qualities include journalism and/or filmmaking  experience; participation in and/or supervision of a campus media outlet; and the ability to train students in video  shooting and editing. this tenure-track assistant professorship begins august 2014. terminal degree is preferred, advanced a.b.d.  considered. the college offers generous research, conference, and international travel funds. interested candidates must apply online through rollins' employment website at http:// www .rollinsjobs .com applicants must upload the following materials when applying for this position: (1) cover letter (2) curriculum vita (please include at least 3 three professional references) only questions may be directed to: dr. lisa tillmann, search chair department of critical media and cultural studies email: ltillmann@ rollins .edu applications must be received by november 1, 2013. this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of miami english, 