as one of the fastest growing nonprofit universities in the nation, southern new hampshire university (snhu)  offers nearly 200 certificate, undergraduate and graduate programs in business, culinary arts, teacher education, hospitality  management and liberal arts on campus, online and at our regional centers .snhu, at no. 12, was the only  NA NA we routinely go above and beyond what is expected of us. we believe there are no limits to what you can do, what  you can be and what you can achieve. come be a part of innovation and education! southern new hampshire university  is an equal opportunity employer. the school of arts and sciences at southern new hampshire university invites applications for the position of director  of the master of fine arts in fiction and nonfiction. our low-residency mfa program includes summer and  winter residencies at a resort in the white mountains of new hampshire. this is a 12-month part-time professional  position. the position does not come with benefits, but does offer great flexibility and a competitive salary. the starting  date is june 1, 2014. the low-residency mfa at southern new hampshire university is a young, vibrant creative writing program whose  faculty includes new york times bestselling novelist wiley cash; graywolf press nonfiction prize winner leslie  jamison; and orion award winner craig childs, among other writers currently publishing acclaimed fiction and  nonfiction in the paris review, the new york times magazine and other prestigious venues. the intent of the  program is for students to graduate with work of publishable quality, a network of agents and editors, college-teaching  opportunities and a community of fellow writers. we seek candidates who will bring passion and commitment to the program. themfa director will lead the faculty  and and work with them in establishing the course and direction of the curriculum. other responsibilities include   NA work, especially in marketing, recruitment, and admissions. the successful candidate will have a master of fine arts in creative writing (or other terminal degree in english  or  creative writing). other qualifications include a publishing record with a minimum of two books published by nationally  recognized houses, or the equivalent in published short stories and/or essays. apply here: http:// www .click2apply .net/ 585hkpk this listing was submitted to the jil on 24 march 2014 and was available online from 28 march 2014 through 9 may 2014. u of new hampshire english, 