the english  department at the university of north carolina at charlotte invites applications for a non-tenure-track,  9-month, full-time position as lecturer in english,  beginning august 15, 2014. the position carries a 4/4 teaching  load in the technical/professional writing program within the department. eligible applicants must have a minimum of a masters degree in technical writing, technical communication, or a  related field, with experience teaching technical writing/communication at the postsecondary level. qualified candidates  will exhibit a commitment to excellent teaching and an interest in, or experience with, incorporating technology  into teaching and learning. applicants with experience as technical writers in professional, non-academic  environments and coordinating internships are preferred. the technical/professional writing program values diversity  and applicants who understand technical/professional writing in a global context. for consideration, apply online at https:// jobs .uncc .edu with a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a statement of  teaching philosophy, sample syllabi, and the names and contact information for three references. candidates invited to interview will be asked to provide a teaching portfolio and three original letters of recommendation  addressed to: dr. aaron toscano, technical/professional lecturer search committee chair, department of  english,  unc charlotte, 9201 university city blvd., charlotte, nc 28223. interview candidates will also be asked  to provide an official transcript from their academic institution addressed to dr. nancy gutierrez, dean, college of  liberal arts and sciences, same address. applications will be reviewed starting march 10, 2014, and the position will remain open until filled. women and  individuals from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. unc charlotte strives to create an academic  climate in which the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained. therefore, we celebrate diversity that includes,  but is not limited to, ability/disability, age, culture, ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation,  and socio-economic status. applicants subject to criminal background check. aa/eoe. to learn more about the unc charlotte english  department, visit our web site at http:// english .uncc .edu. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 11 february 2014 and was available online from 14 february 2014 through 28 march 2014.  u of north carolina, charlotte english, 