assistant professor of american literature, florida atlantic university, honors college, jupiter, fl the harriet l. wilkes honors college of florida atlantic university invites applications for a tenure-track position  in american literature, beginning fall 2014. teaching duties include all aspects of the canon in american literature,  taught in an intimate, academically intensive learning environment with small class sizes. faculty are encouraged to  develop new courses and new areas of interest, and the job provides many opportunities to contribute to the curricular  growth of the college. the wilkes honors college has a commitment to interdisciplinary learning, and faculty  are invited to participate in team-taught, cross-disciplinary courses of their own design. candidates with expertise in  african-american, chicano, native american or caribbean literatures are also especially encouraged to apply.  the successful candidate will demonstrate the potential for scholarship and publication, and will be expected to maintain  an active program of research, teaching, undergraduate supervision, and university service. candidate must have  a ph.d. in american literature or a ph.d. in english  with an area of specialization in american literature by the time  of the appointment.  the wilkes honors college, now in its 15th year, is the first honors college in the u.s. to be built from the ground  up. the college has a small faculty-student ratio, and has a high placement rate of its graduates in graduate and professional  programs. the college has also served as a model, inside fau and in the nation, for undergraduate research and  for student publications and conferencing.  application deadline is december 10, 2013. all applicants must complete the faculty, administrative, managerial &  professional position application available on-line through the office of human resources: https:// jobs .fau .edu and  apply for faculty position #990688. applicants should upload a cover letter, c.v., a personal statement and teaching  philosophy, and graduate transcripts to the online application. transcripts must be an official copy scanned into an  electronic format.  applicants will also arrange to have three letters of reference sent directly by mail to chair, american literature  search committee, c/o dr. michael harrawood, wilkes honors college, florida atlantic university, 5353 parkside  drive, jupiter, fl 33458 or via email to amlitsearch990688@ fau .edu.  degrees from outside the united states must be validated by an organization belonging to the national association of  credential evaluation service (naces), with an indication of the documents the evaluation was prepared from (official  transcripts, diplomas, dissertation abstracts). the evaluation should be scanned and electronically attached to the  application as with other us-based transcripts.  a background check will be required for the candidate selected for this position. this position is subject to funding.  individuals requiring accommodation, please call 561-297-3057. fau is an equal opportunity/equal access  institution. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013.  florida gulf coast u