tenure-track position beginning august 2014 to teach a broad range of american literature courses. secondary disciplines  NA normally teach three courses per semester. all candidates must have a record of effective college teaching, a demonstrated familiarity with new instructional  technologies, and experience in student mentoring. evidence of effective teaching, publications, and a record of service  will be required for tenure and promotion. candidates must have an appropriate ph.d. in hand at time of application applications should be received by november 25th, 2013, and review will continue until the position is filled. to  apply, send a letter of interest, a current curriculum vitae, a list of graduate course work, a statement of teaching philosophy,  and at least three letters of reference as pdf attachments via email to susan wilson, english  search and screen  secretary, at swilson@ iuk .edu. all documents should be clearly and appropriately labeled. one of eight campuses of indiana university, indiana university kokomo is a comprehensive non-residential campus  located 50 miles north of indianapolis in kokomo, indiana, a city with a population of about 47,000. committed to  student success, the campus serves approximately 4,100 students from an 14-county area in north central indiana. an  additional 200 pursue degrees in technology in cooperation with purdue university. iu kokomo has approximately  122 full-time faculty, 140 full-time staff and 125 part-time employees. associate, baccalaureate, and masters are offered.  additional information about indiana university kokomo can be accessed at http:// www .iuk .edu. persons with  disabilities who need assistance to participate in this application process should contact the office of affirmative action  at 765-455-9529. indiana university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 22 november 2013.  indiana u northwest english, 