millikin university's english  department invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track assistant professor of english  to teach secondary english  language arts and first-year writing courses in our ncate nationally certified  program, beginning august 2014, pending budget approval. teaching responsibilities (12 hours per semester) include  first-year writing, adolescent literature, modern english  grammar, methods courses in the teaching of english  language  arts, and supervision of student teaching. ideal applicants will have minimum of one year of teaching experience  at the secondary/middle school level and a ph.d. in english  education or a closely related field. required: clear  record of teaching excellence. millikin university is a private, comprehensive institution serving approximately 2,300 undergraduate, graduate, full- time and part-time students who study in four colleges/schools: arts and sciences, business, fine arts and professional  studies. situated on an attractive seventy-acre campus in decatur, illinois (population of 85,000), millikin is  located 180 miles southwest of chicago, 150 miles west of indianapolis, and 120 miles northeast of st. louis. a millikin  NA to succeed before and after graduation. students apply their learning to experiences both in decatur and around the  world. a vibrant campus community engages students in more than 90 student organizations and a close-knit greek  community. millikin big blue athletics include 19 ncaa division iii teams as well as junior varsity teams and intramurals.  in 2011, 98% of millikin graduates gained employment or entry into graduate/professional school within six  months of graduation. review of applications will begin nov. 1 and continue until position filled. send vita, letter that addresses experience  and philosophy of teaching, three letters of reference, and graduate transcripts to czelhart@ millikin .edu................ offer of employment  is contingent upon successful completion of background check and pending budgetary approval. millikin  university is an equal, opportunity employer.  women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 17 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013.  north central c english,  30 n brainard st, cm 375 naperville il 60540 http://www.noctrl.edu english  20992 https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/24838 the english  department at north central college invites applications for a visiting assistant professor of english.  NA the successful candidate would teach 8 courses over three 10-week terms. applicants should have a ph.d. in english  and a demonstrated commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and mentoring. we seek candidates who  can teach across the writing and literature curriculum, mostly in general education courses (introductory and advanced  composition, first-year interdisciplinary seminars) with some opportunity for more specialized courses. north central college, founded in 1861, is a selective, comprehensive liberal arts college with an enrollment of 3000  students, located in naperville, 28 miles west of chicago, within walking distance of the naperville metra station.  for more information, see http:// www .noctrl .edu. applicants should submit a cover letter, curriculum vita, and three letters of recommendation to cheryl horton at  https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/ 24838................................................................................. there is no application cost for the interfolio service. for further information,  please email dr. martha bohrer, chairperson of english studies, at mlbohrer@ noctrl .edu...................... . review of applications  will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. applicants who would enrich the diversity of  the campus community are strongly encouraged to apply. eoe. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 april 2014 and was available online from 25 april 2014 through 20 june 2014. northwestern u english, 