following successful searches in 2012 and 2013, the department of humanities at michigan technological university  again invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor of rhetoric and composition to begin fall 2014. candidates  should have a record of excellent teaching and scholarly work in rhetoric and composition studies, broadly defined.  the preferred candidate will have expertise in one or more of the following areas: digital rhetorics, multimodal  composition, second-language writing, cross-cultural and comparative rhetorics, research methodologies, literacy  studies, writing pedagogy, histories and theories of rhetoric, writing center studies, writing program administration. the usual tenure-track teaching load is 2 courses per semester. candidates should have or expect to receive the phd  by august 1, 2014. for more information about michigan tech's multi-disciplinary humanities department, its undergraduate degrees,  and its masters and doctoral programs in rhetoric and technical communication, visit http:// www .mtu .edu/  humanities/ to apply: submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three confidential letters of recommendation electronically  at: https:// www .jobs .mtu .edu/ postings/ 1201 review of applications begins on november 4, 2013 and will continue until the position is filled.  michigan technological university is an equal opportunity educational institution/equal opportunity employer. michigan tech is an internationally renowned doctoral research university, with a diverse community of 7,000 undergraduate  and graduate students and cross-disciplinary faculty. located on lake superior in houghton, mi, its  community offers year-round recreational and cultural opportunities. michigan tech is an advance institution, one of a limited number of universities in receipt of nsf funds in support  of our commitment to increase diversity and the participation and advancement of women in stem. NA and to explore employment opportunities. (www .dual .mtu .edu) this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 26 december 2013. michigan tech u humanities, 1400 townsend dr houghton mi 49931