the department of english  at dartmouth college invites applications for a tenure track position as assistant professor  specializing in american literature. the department has particular needs in the nineteenth century but is open  to innovative scholarship from the nineteenth century through the modern and contemporary periods of american  literature. successful candidates are expected to have a ph.d. in literature or a related field by july 1, 2014, scholarly  achievement appropriate to rank, and a strong commitment to teaching students from diverse backgrounds. applications  will be received until november 1, 2013. please submit a letter of interest and cv here: http:// apply .interfolio  .com/ 22247. writing samples and letters of reference will be requested at a later stage. short-listed candidates will be interviewed at  the mla convention. dartmouth college is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer  strongly committed to  diversity, and it encourages applications from women and minorities. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. dartmouth c institute for writing and rhetoric, room 204, baker library hanover nh 03755 http://dartmouth.edu/writing-speech/ assistant or associate director for program development 20348 http://apply.interfolio.com/23947 NA the dynamic leadership team of our forward-thinking writing and speech programs. full-time ntt position, divided  equally between teaching and administration. the key administrative responsibility is a collaborative leadership role  in designing, developing, and carrying out learning outcomes assessment and faculty development activities, in person  and through online materials. teaching responsibilities include three courses per year (dartmouth is on the quarter  NA  including data-driven research (both qualitative and quantitative) about any area of writing, writing instruction,  learning, or other writing-related areas. three-year term with the ongoing possibility of renewal. dartmouth is an  equal opportunity employer.  for additional details, qualifications, and application process, see: http:// apply .interfolio  .com/ 23947 application review: begins december 18th; continues until position is filled. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 13 february  2014. dartmouth c