the department of english  NA 2015 academic year, with a starting date of august 16, 2014. these are nine-month, full-time, non-tenurable teaching  appointments that may be renewed annually by mutual agreement, contingent upon the availability of funds, the  need for services, and satisfactory performance. lecturers have responsibilities in service and instructional leadership,  and the department anticipates continuing employment in these positions, with the possibility of promotion to senior  lecturer. the expected teaching load is 4/4; the expected assignments are primarily in writing courses, but may  include a mixture of first-year composition, core literature, technical and business writing, and creative writing, with  NA required qualifications: masters in english  or a related field; a record of successful teaching of college-level writing  in composition, creative writing, technical/business writing, and/or literature; evidence of or potential for strong  performance as a colleague taking part in the life and work of a unified department of english  studies. the candidate  selected for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in the united states at the time the appointment  is scheduled to begin and continue working legally for the proposed term of employment. excellent communication  skills are required. desired qualifications: phd, mfa, or other terminal degree in english  or a related field; five or more years of highly  successful experience in teaching one or more of the following at a comparable institution: first-year composition,  technical and/or business writing, creative writing; experience as a lead teacher, teaching advisor, or mentor; additional  breadth in teaching experience; engagement with innovative teaching/learning technologies; relevant graduate  coursework or scholarship; relevant departmental service; evidence of strong performance as a colleague taking part in  the life and work of a unified department of english  studies. for more information about our department, visit www .auburn .edu/ english. apply online at https://  aufacultypositions .peopleadmin .com. please have the following documents ready to upload: cover letter; curriculum  vitae; contact information for three recommenders; transcripts (official transcripts required only upon hire); a portfolio  of relevant teaching materials including a statement of teaching philosophy, student evaluations from at least two  courses, sample assignments, sample comments on student work. application review begins march 1, 2014. applications will be accepted until positions are filled. women and minorities are encouraged to apply. auburn university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 february 2014 and was available online from 14 february 2014 through 28 march 2014. auburn u english,  9030 haley ctr auburn university al 36849