 assistant professor, associate professor, or professor of creative writing, department of english,  hope college, holland,  michigan. tenure track. hope college seeks a specialist in creative writing to teach writing and general education courses. candidates should  have an m.f.a. or ph.d. in creative writing in hand by september 2014, a record of excellence in college teaching  (including experience teaching at least two genres), publications in creative writing, ability and preparation to teach  general education courses (such as first-year seminar and first-year composition), and plans for a continued program of  writing and publication. the teaching load is 3/3, with half usually in creative writing and half in general education. hope college places a high priority on sustaining a supportive environment that recognizes the importance of having  a diverse faculty and staff in order to best prepare our students for successful careers in our multicultural nation  and global community. applications from persons with diverse backgrounds and cultures, including women and persons  of color, are welcomed. hope college complies with federal and state requirements for nondiscrimination in  employment. hope college is a liberal arts undergraduate college affiliated with the reformed church in america; its ecumenical  faculty offer an education in the context of the historic christian faith. hope has over 3,000 students (3,343 fte) and  240 fte faculty; is a member of the great lakes colleges association; is accredited by the north central association;  and is located in a city of 35,000 in an urban area of 100,000, with all of the diversity and opportunity of a small  city. we are near lake michigan, within short driving distance of grand rapids (urban area of over 500,000), and  relatively close to ann arbor and chicago. additional information about hope college can be found at http:// www  .hope .edu/. submit application letter, c.v., unofficial graduate-level transcripts, and letters of recommendation to www .hope .edu/  employment. deadline: october 25, 2013. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. kettering u