the college of charleston, a nationally recognized public liberal arts and sciences university in the heart of charleston,  s.c., invites nominations and applications for the position of dean of the school of languages, cultures, and  world affairs. founded in 1770, the college offers a distinctive combination of a beautiful and historic campus, modern  facilities, and cutting-edge programs-including 129 undergraduate majors and minors and 19 master's degree programs.  approximately 10,000 undergraduate and 1,200 graduate students from all 50 states and 63 countries choose  the college for its small-college feel, blended with the advantages and diversity of an urban, mid-sized university. the school of languages, cultures, and world affairs (lcwa) is the newest of the six schools at the college. comprised  of the departments of classics; french, francophone, and italian studies; german and slavic studies; and hispanic  studies as well as programs in african american studies, archaeology, and asian studies, international studies,  jewish studies, latin american and caribbean studies, lcwa has over 60 full-time faculty teaching in nine undergraduate  majors and one master's degree program. the school contributes substantially to the college's general education  curriculum, including both its two-year language requirement and its 12 credit hour humanities requirement. as chief academic and administrative officer of the school of languages, cultures, and world affairs, the dean works  with chairs and program directors to oversee faculty and program development. the dean is responsible for curricular  innovation and assessment, school-wide budget planning, and development. the successful candidate will be an intellectual  leader among the faculty, a strong advocate for the liberal arts and sciences mission of the college, and an ener  getic and conscientious administrator, familiar with issues in higher education and the cultivation of multidisciplinary  partnerships. a record of successful strategic and collaborative decision-making and innovative leadership is required.  the dean reports to the provost, works collaboratively with faculty in diverse disciplines, and develops and engages  advisory boards. the ideal candidate will have a record of successful administrative leadership, and will demonstrate a proficiency in  classical or modern language(s), a commitment to language, interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary and area studies programs,  and present a record of accomplishments in the areas of the dean's responsibilities. qualifications commensurate  with appointment as a tenured professor and international experience are required. the candidate should have  experience with advancement activities and a deep commitment to promoting diversity across campus. starting date is  negotiable, but no later than july 1, 2014. review of applications will commence on january 8, 2014 and continue until the position is filled. applicants should  submit a cover letter addressing their qualifications and vision for the position, a current c.v., and the names, email  addresses, and phone numbers for five references, in confidence, to: chair, search committee for the dean of the  school of languages, cultures, and world affairs, college of charleston. submissions should be made online at  https:// jobs .cofc .edu. nominations or inquiries about the position should be directed to dr. jerold hale, chair of the search committee  (halejl@ cofc .edu or 843-953-0760). more information about the college and the school of languages, cultures, and  world affairs can be found at http:// lcwa .cofc .edu and http:// lcwa .cofc .edu/ documents/ announcement .jpg. the college of charleston is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer  and is committed to increasing the  diversity of our faculty and staff. we welcome applications from women and minority groups, as well as others who  would bring additional dimensions to the college. this listing was submitted to the jil on 7 november 2013 and was available online from 8 november 2013 through 3 january 2014. clemson u english, 