the sweetland center for writing at the university of michigan seeks applicants with a ph.d. for one (1) fulltime  (100%) lecturer iii position specializing in science writing to begin september 1, 2014. expertise working with multilingual  writers is also desired. this is a university year, renewable non-tenure track position with an expected initial  contract of four years. full-time load is three courses per semester or the equivalent in other duties. instructional duties are expected to include teaching writing 100: transition to college writing, writing 400: advanced  rhetoric and research in the sciences, writing 410: quantitative analysis and writing in the disciplines,  writing 630: advanced writing for graduate students in the sciences, writing 993: teaching writing in the disciplines,  and writing workshop which consists of 10 hours per week in the office meeting one-on-one with students  seeking help with writing issues across the disciplines. administrative responsibilities are expected to include conducting  outreach to faculty teaching writing in the sciences to help integrate writing into courses, construct appropriate  assignments, and assess writing; providing workshops on a range of writing topics; and serving on departmental  committees. qualifications: ph.d. and demonstrated excellence in and commitment to teaching writing in the sciences to undergraduates. expertise  working with multilingual writers is also desired. terms and conditions of employment for this position as posted are subject to the provisions of a collective bargaining  NA michigan is a nondiscriminatory affirmative action employer.  women and minorities are encouraged to apply. to apply, send a letter of application, current cv, statement of teaching philosophy and experience, evidence of teaching  excellence (e.g. teaching evaluations), and three letters of reference to professor anne ruggles gere, sweetland  center for writing, 1310 north quad, 105 s. state st., ann arbor, mi 48109-1285. application deadline is february  24, 2014. this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 january 2014 and was available online from 24 january 2014 through 7 march 2014. wayne su english, 