the department of english  and writing, in the college of arts & letters at the university of tampa is pleased to  invite applications for renewable term positions as assistant professor of english  in first-year writing beginning august  2014. the ideal candidate will be a dedicated teacher with a demonstrable commitment to first-year writing (fyw) and  writing pedagogy. the teaching load will be 12 credit hours, three fyw courses per semester (fyw 100, 110, 111,  101, or 102). in addition to teaching duties, successful candidates will also foster the development of the fyw program  by assisting with curricular initiatives, taking part in committee work, mentoring, and developing collegial  exchanges with peers. the successful candidate will have a ph.d. in english  or related field by may 2014; college or university level experience  in teaching first-year writing; and demonstrated scholarly/professional activity. candidates with credentials  and/or experience in the following areas are encouraged to apply: tesol, developmental writing and writing program  administration. for details and to apply go to: https:// jobs .ut .edu applicants should be prepared to attach a cover letter detailing teaching experience, a current curriculum vita, a  scholarly writing sample, a statement about scholarship interests, a one page teaching philosophy for fyw and a copy  of your graduate transcript. in addition, applicants will be requested to enter name and email address for three (3) reference providers who will  address your teaching and scholarship. review of applications will begin october 31, 2013. salary is competitive and commensurate with experience. we  are committed to providing career opportunities to all. the university of tampa is an eoe/aa employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013. georgia armstrong atlantic su langs, lit, & philos, 11935 abercorn st savannah ga 31419