NA invites applications for a tenured, full-time associate professor  NA NA campus-wide first-year writing requirement, which draws on introductory composition courses in english  as well as  first-year seminars in every department in the college of arts and sciences and in the honors college. the director  of the first-year writing and information literacy will report to the associate provost for curricular affairs, and can  expect reductions in their teaching load plus one month of summer salary for the administrative and graduate teaching  assistant mentoring responsibilities associated with the directorship. the successful candidate will hold a ph.d. in english,  or a related field with a concentration in rhetoric and composition,  will have a significant record of scholarly achievement in composition studies, teaching excellence, and professional  service, as well as experience in writing program administration (in a first-year writing program, writing  center, wac/wid program, or equivalent). the successful candidate will also have a demonstrated interest in teaching  in the first-year program and in contributing to the english  graduate program and gta education. the university is especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic  community through their research, teaching, and service. applicants are requested to include in their cover  letter information about how they will further this goal. the university of vermont is an affirmative action/equal  opportunity employer.  the department is committed to increasing faculty diversity and welcomes applications from  women and underrepresented ethnic, racial and cultural groups and from people with disabilities. candidates should apply at http:// www .uvmjobs .com (search for the position via english  department). candidates  should submit a cover letter discussing their research program, teaching experience, and administrative experience; a  cv; a writing sample; and contact information for three references. interfolio users should provide the unique interfolio  e-mail address for online application delivery of each letter; users of other dossier management services should list  whatever contact information will enable us to request your letters directly at a later date. review of applications will begin on april 14 and continue until the position is filled. contact search committee  chair, susanmarie harrington, with any questions (smharrin@ uvm .edu). about the program: the program in foundational writing and information literacy was established in order to implement  NA  dational course emphasizing writing and information literacy. a pilot group, working under the aegis of the general  education committee of the faculty senate, developed common outcomes that can be realized via first year composition,  the honors college first-year seminar, and first-year seminars offered in every department in the college of arts  and sciences (cas). the director will work closely with administrators and faculty in cas and the honors college  as well as instructional librarians, to lead faculty development, support curricular development, and design and coordinate  assessment in the program. while the formal first-year writing requirement is new, the director will join the  writing center director, the director of writing in the disciplines, and english  department faculty in composition  and rhetoric on a campus with a long tradition of valuing undergraduate education. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 march 2014 and was available online from 21 march 2014 through 2 may 2014. virgin islands u of the virgin islands humanities, #2 john brewers bay st thomas vi 00802