the university of southern california writing program in the dornsife college of letters, arts and sciences in los  NA NA to join our faculty beginning fall 2014. the writing program teaches courses that fulfill the undergraduate writing requirement in a context informed by the  rhetorical tradition, process theory, and ethical discursive practices. first-year courses develop students' writing and  critical reasoning skills within thematic contexts. advanced courses, composed primarily of juniors and seniors, bring  students together based on their academic interests and career goals, addressing writing in different disciplines for various  audiences. small class sizes in both first-year and upper-level courses facilitate a workshop model of instruction,  frequent one-on-one and small-group conferencing, and an emphasis on the writing process. full-time non-tenure-track faculty teach three sections each semester, for which they will develop syllabi and assignments  in accordance with program guidelines. the writing program also provides significant opportunities for professional  growth and development. faculty are eligible to participate in program, college, and university governance.  new faculty will join a vibrant community of teachers, writers, and scholars composed of faculty and graduate students  from a range of disciplines. the writing program hopes to hire faculty interested in making a career of teaching writing at usc. initial appointments  are fixed-term, with the possibility of renewal contingent on performance and review by the program faculty,  its directors, and the college deans. dornsife provides opportunities for promotion based on demonstrated teaching  excellence and service to the program, school, and university. qualifications candidates should have a phd or other terminal degree by june 2014. we require demonstrated excellence in teaching  writing at the college level and we value familiarity with the needs of writers whose first language is not english.  while many of our faculty have scholarly backgrounds in english  literature or rhetoric and composition, we welcome  candidates from all fields. application procedure the deadline for applications is december 2, 2013. applicants should submit a letter of application, cv, teaching  evaluations and the names of three referees who can speak to teaching abilities. the referees will be contacted directly  by usc. in order to be considered for this position, applicants are required to submit an electronic usc application;  follow this job link or paste in a browser:  https:// jobs .usc .edu/ applicants/ central?quickfind=72646 visit www .usc .edu to discover more about usc. the university of southern california strongly values diversity and  is committed to equal opportunity in employment. women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic groups, are  encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 21 october 2013 and was available online from 24 october 2013 through 5 december 2013. u of the pacific english, 