the graduate center of the city university of new york seeks a digital humanities coordinator to help expand a  growing set of digital initiatives aimed at fostering new work that integrates digital tools and methods into the core  NA provost for digital initiatives, the digital humanities coordinator will join an institution with strong and clear support  for digital initiatives and will be part of an enthusiastic and collaborative community of faculty members, students,  and staff working together to explore new dh projects and opportunities. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 march 2014 and was available online from 7 march 2014 through 18 april 2014. hamilton c english,  198 college hill rd clinton ny 13323 http://www.hamilton.edu/academics/departments?dept=english assistant professor 20th-century  american fiction 19533 http://www.interfolio.com/apply/22332 the english  and creative writing department at hamilton college seeks a specialist in 20th-century  american narrative  fiction for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor. we especially invite applications from those  with interest and experience in teaching american ethnic literary traditions, particularly latino/a literature, and/or  with interest in new media. phd required by time of appointment. teaching load is 5 courses per year. appointment  begins july 1, 2014. please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, and short writing sample (no more than 20  pgs), and a statement of teaching philosophy to interfolio at http:// www .interfolio .com/ apply/ 22332................... your cover letter  should address ways in which issues of diversity are brought into your teaching, scholarship, and/or service. experience  teaching or working with diverse student populations is an asset. address inquiries and questions to steven yao,  chair, english and creative writing department, hamilton college. applications accepted until november 7, 2013.  we will be interviewing at mla. hamilton (www .hamilton .edu) is a residential liberal arts college located in upstate  new york. applicants with dual-career considerations can find other hamilton and nearby academic job listings at  www .upstatenyherc .org. hamilton college is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer  and is committed to  diversity in all areas of the campus community. hamilton provides domestic partner benefits. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 10 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. hobart & william smith colleges