santa rosa junior college priority filing deadline: wednesday, february 12, 2014 (initial screening date-open until filled) general description santa rosa junior college is seeking individuals with demonstrated instructional skills to join an outstanding team  of faculty and instructional administrators to provide high quality services to our district, our community, and most  importantly to our students. there are two full-time, regular contract positions, one located at the santa rosa campus  and one located at the petaluma campus, beginning fall semester, august 2014. appointment is contingent upon  funding and board approval. position description the successful candidates will teach across a range of english  classes that will include developmental-level reading  and writing, freshman composition, critical thinking, creative writing and lower-division literature classes. with the  growing diversity of the district, and in particular our pending designation as a hispanic-serving institution, our  need to build a diverse faculty has become critical. as a result, we encourage persons of all backgrounds and cultures,  including persons with disabilities, to apply. qualifications required: NA NA NA NA in language arts and literature. requires a sensitivity to, and understanding of, the diverse academic, socioeconomic,  cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students.  if you do not possess the minimum qualifications, exactly as listed above, you must file for equivalency. if claiming  equivalency, applicants are responsible for documenting all course work, degree programs and related professional experience  at the time of application. application materials and procedures for application materials and complete job announcement, please contact: human resources department NA employment page: http:// apptrkr .com/ 421897 this listing was submitted to the jil on 26 december 2013 and was available online from 26 december 2013 through 6 february  2014. scripps c english,  1030 columbia av claremont ca 91711