the center for the study of women, gender, and sexuality at rice university announces two postdoctoral fellowships  in the humanities or social sciences for scholars pursuing research and publication projects that focus on gender  and health; gender and urban studies; women in the global economy; sex, race, and nation; or sexuality studies. the  center is particularly interested in applicants who demonstrate a record of innovative teaching and the potential to  NA ph.d. must be conferred on or before june 30, 2014. each fellowship has a term of two years beginning july 1, 2014.  NA progress in their research. they also play an active role in the intellectual life of the center. fellows receive an  annual salary of $40,000 plus benefits, and up to $3,000 for relocation reimbursements and/or research expenses. rice  university is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer. please complete your application on-line at this url: https:// jobs .rice .edu/ applicants/ central?quickfind=53898. at  this url you will also find special instructions re: how to submit letters of reference. required documents include letter of interest, curriculum vita, a minimum of three letters of reference, and a writing  sample (about 25 pages), plus a sample syllabus (including a detailed course outline and recommended reading list)  NA and legal status in the us and globally; feminist perspectives on sexuality, race, the body, globalization, labor, and  culture; and the implications of these perspectives for social and critical theory. in addition, the course introduces the  concept of engaged research and the public service components of feminist activity. deadline for on-line applications is friday, january 17, 2014. for more information about these positions, please contact  rice human resources at people@ rice .edu, or by phone at 713.348.2514. this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 3 january 2014. rice u