join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity and student success. west chester  university is seeking applicants for the position of assistant professor of english  with a specialization in multimodal  writing & rhetoric. there is a four course teaching responsibility per semester, with two courses per semester in  general education writing. ph.d. completed or expected by august, 2014, in rhetoric and composition or related field, with a demonstrated  commitment to multimodal writing and rhetoric as a primary field of study; experience designing and teaching  courses in multimodal composition and rhetoric; and experience and interest in teaching fyc, are required. preferred candidates will demonstrate an active and ongoing research agenda in the field of multimodal writing &  rhetoric; experience with new and emerging forms of media in composition, including but not limited to photography,  video, and other digital media; and experience or interest in writing program administration. demonstrated  excellence in multimodal rhetoric through a history of publication, in either digital or print modalities, is essential. salary and benefits are highly competitive. finalists must demonstrate effective teaching and communication skills  during an on-campus interview. references with contact information will be required prior to interview. candidates should submit: letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and dossier of materials including undergraduate and  graduate transcripts to the online application system at http:// agency .governmentjobs .com/ wcupa/ default .cfm please  send three letters of recommendation to search@ wcupa .edu. review of applications will begin november 1st and  will continue until position is filled; notification begins 15 december 2013 for interviews to be held at mla 2014 in  chicago. visit http:// www .wcupa .edu to learn more about wcu. NA excellence. west chester university is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  women, veterans, minorities,  and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. the filling of this position is contingent upon available  funding.  all offers of employment are subject to and contingent upon satisfactory completion of all pre-employment criminal  background and consumer reporting checks. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 october 2013 and was available online from 11 october 2013 through 3 january 2014. rhode island brown u american studies, box 1892, 82 waterman st providence ri 02912 https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21956 women's and gender studies 19149 https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/21956 NA gender studies. applicants can come from a range of disciplinary homes but should also have experience with the  varieties of interdisciplinary scholarship prominent in contemporary american studies. we seek candidates who focus  on women from an anthropological, cultural, historical, and/or socio-political perspective, though we would be particularly  interested in candidates whose scholarship takes up issues of work or labor and sexuality and who are open to  transnational approaches. faculty in the department of american studies work closely with students in ethnic studies  and public humanities, and the best candidates should expect to do the same. the appointment will begin on july 1,  2014, or as soon as possible thereafter. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. brown u comp lit, box e, 20 manning walk providence ri 02912 http://www.brown.edu/academics/comparative-literature/ assistant professor of comparative literature 19271 http://apply.interfolio.com/21926 brown university, assistant professor of comparative literature, tenure track. qualified candidates will have a strong  background in the nineteenth-and/or twentieth-century  novel (european, british/irish, and/or american) with  scholarly expertise in at least two and preferably three languages and national traditions. we also welcome applications  from scholars whose interests include one or more of the following: narrative theory; literary and cultural theory;  gender and queer theory; comparative history of the novel; imperialism and/or globalization; translation. ph.d. required by the time of employment. candidates should provide a letter of application, a dissertation abstract,  a current cv, one writing sample of scholarly work (25pp maximum), and three confidential letters of recommendation.  all materials are to be submitted online at the link above by november 1, 2013. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 28 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. brown u literary arts prog, box 1923 providence ri 02912 http://www.brown.edu/cw assistant professor in film writing 19684 http://www.interfolio.com/apply/21879 assistant professor in literary arts: film writing. brown university invites applications for an assistant professor specializing in writing for film with an emphasis  on the experimental, the independent, and/or art film, and with a strong secondary emphasis in one of the  department&apos;s other fields of concentration: fiction, poetry, or digital language arts. the position will begin  1 july 2014. candidates should have experience in writing for experimental film as well as experience in teaching at  the undergraduate level. the ideal candidate will also have leadership potential and be interested in helping to develop  and administer the future of the literary arts department. course load is two per semester. duties include teaching  beginning, intermediate, and advanced film writing workshops, directing graduate and undergraduate theses, and advising  graduate and undergraduate students in film writing and related topics. through interfolio, candidates should   submit a letter of application, a writing sample (including a substantial portion of a film script or screenplay), a c.v., and  a list of three references. review of applications will begin on november 1, 2013. brown is an eeo/aa employer.  women and minorities are encouraged to apply. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 15 november  2013. providence c english,  1 cunningham sq providence ri 02918