creative non-fiction: the department of english  at the university of tennessee at chattanooga invites applications for the position of  tenure-track assistant professor of english,  beginning august 2014, with primary specialization in creative nonfiction.  a secondary interest in another area of creative writing such as screenwriting, fiction, or poetry is preferred. the  successful candidate will be available to teach creative nonfiction at the undergraduate and graduate level as well as  additional courses on style, editing, readings in creative nonfiction, and writing for publication. teaching responsibilities  include a 4/4 load. qualifications: mfa or ph.d. in creative writing and significant publication in creative nonfiction; demonstrated  excellence in and commitment to undergraduate teaching; excellent writing, interpersonal, and communication skills.  additional publication in another genre is preferred. the search committee will begin screening applications immediately  and continue until the position is filled. submit a letter of interest, vita, transcript, three letters of reference, and  NA the university of tennessee at chattanooga is a metropolitan university of 12,000 students offering baccalaureate  degrees in 44 fields, masters in 22, and doctorates in three. founded as a private university in 1886, it became a primary  campus of the university of tennessee in 1969. its 100-acre campus is located near downtown chattanooga, in  the center of a very scenic metropolitan area of more than 450,000. chattanooga has been featured in us news and  NA and riverfront development, public and private partnerships, and excellent quality of life. the university of tennessee at chattanooga is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action/title vi & ix  section 504/ada/adea institution. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 9 february 2014 and was available online from 14 february 2014 through 11 april 2014. u of tennessee, chattanooga english,  dept 2703 615 mccallie av chattanooga tn 37403