university college and the department of english  in the faculty of arts and science at the university of toronto  invite applications for a teaching-stream position in queer writing and culture/american literature at the rank of  lecturer. the appointment will begin on july 1, 2014, by which time the successful candidate must hold a ph.d. he or she will  be appointed both to university college (0.60) in support of the teaching mission of the mark s. bonham centre for  sexual diversity studies and to the department of english  (0.40). lecturer appointments are normally annual but may be up to three years. if a lecturer appointment continues into the  fifth year, performance must be reviewed and a recommendation made about promotion to senior lecturer. senior  lecturers have continuing appointments. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. candidates must demonstrate evidence of excellence in teaching at the undergraduate level and a commitment to related  pedagogical and professional development both in queer writing and culture and in american literature. the  successful candidate will have the ability to teach a broad range of undergraduate courses from the introductory to  advanced levels in both appointing units, and will be expected to have teaching competency in canadian queer culture.  administrative experience is an asset. the faculty of arts and science at the university of toronto has both a collegiate and departmental structure. university  college is the founding college of the university and has a long-standing commitment to challenging its diverse  body of over 4200 undergraduate students to excel intellectually and to preparing them to engage in the wider  NA NA centre for drama, theatre, and performance studies. NA thriving undergraduate program and, in partnership with 33 other units across the university, a collaborative graduate  program that is an international leader in the field. the department of english  in the faculty of arts and science offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research  in a department that is committed to studying the literatures of english  in both their historical depth and their geographical  range. situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the department reflects that diversity in its  approach to english  as a world language. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting: http:// uoft .me/ academicopportunities. applications should  include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), and a statement  outlining plans for pedagogical and professional development. if you have questions about this position, please  contact uc .searches@ utoronto .ca. all application materials should be submitted online. the u of t application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine  attachments into one or two clearly labelled files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found  at: http:// uoft .me/ how-to-apply. applicants should also ask at least three referees to send letters directly to the college via e-mail to uc .searches@  utoronto .ca by september 30, 2013.  this address may also be used to send additional documents that cannot be accommodated using the online application  system. to ensure full consideration, applications should be received by september 30, 2013. for more information about university college, please visit http:// www .uc .utoronto .ca/.............................; for the department of english,  please visit http:// www .english  .utoronto .ca/. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual  minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 september 2013 and was available online from 13 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of toronto english, 