the department of english  at winthrop university invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor in creative  writing/fiction to begin august 2014. the successful candidate will be expected to teach the equivalent of four  courses each semester, some courses in the touchstone core and freshman and sophomore writing, as well as upper- division and graduate courses in the area of the candidate's specialty including contemporary literature. the successful  candidate will provide leadership and vision while collaborating with current faculty to develop emergent initiatives  and programs. to learn more about winthrop u. and the department of english,  please visit http:// winthrop .edu/  english and our flickr stream, http:// flic .kr/ ps/ 2khykk required qualifications include: 1) an mfa in creative writing, or phd in english/ creative writing, 2) demonstrated  record of strong college-level teaching and mentoring, 3) evidence of at least one published book, or an emerging record  of significant publication, and 4) experience teaching workshop courses and introductory writing. candidates must have the mfa or phd in-hand by august 1, 2014. to apply, please submit: 1) a cover letter, 2) a current curriculum vitae, 3) a statement of teaching philosophy, 4) three  letters of recommendation/reference, 5) writing sample, and 6) terminal degree transcript [unofficial copy sufficient  for now]. these application materials must be submitted electronically to https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/  3651. application review will begin december 20, 2014; if not filled, every week thereafter until search is closed. initials  NA  is required prior to employment. winthrop university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer  committed  to excellence through diversity. women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 28 february  2014. south dakota u of south dakota english,  414 e clark st, 212 dakota hall vermillion sd 57069