the university of the pacific in stockton, california, is seeking a director of university writing programs to direct  and manage the student writing center, university-wide writing in the disciplines program, the developmental  writing program, and teach in the pacific seminar program. the director will work with units across the tri-city  campus to strengthen the teaching, learning, and assessment of writing in the disciplines and across the curriculum.  this is a three-year, ten month renewable position beginning august 1, 2014. the desirable candidate should possess a phd or have doctorate in progress in any field, but the candidate should have  professional experience reflecting accomplishment in teaching and tutoring writing, experience in writing program  and/or university administration, and experience with campus-wide writing support. the director of university writing programs will report to the assistant provost of academic affairs. salary is commensurate  with experience and credentials. for a full description of the position, a summary of benefits, and to apply for the position, go to https:// pacific  .peopleadmin .com. applicants must upload the following: 1) one-page cover letter; 2) curriculum vitae; 3) three letters of reference. send letters to shim lacy at slacy@ pacific .edu; 4) a two to three-page paper addressing some issue, problem, or challenge of interest to you in the areas of writing  program administration, writing in the disciplines, writing across the curriculum, writing centers, or writing  assessment; 5) a scholarly writing sample not to exceed 35 pages in length address inquiries to dr. paul turpin at pturpin@ pacific .edu.  university of the pacific offers a competitive and comprehensive compensation package including tuition remission.  pacific is an equal opportunity employer  and is committed to broadening the diversity of its workforce. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 november 2013 and was available online from 21 november 2013 through 2 january 2014. whittier c english, 