the english  department at cleveland state university invites applications for an assistant professor of english,  specializing  in poetry writing, and serving as director of the csu poetry center, a literary press with a national reputation,  for a tenure-track appointment beginning august 18, 2014. teaching duties include undergraduate and mfa  workshops and craft classes, as well as the direction of graduate creative writing theses. duties also include close  supervision of all poetry center book production and promotion activities, and supervision of graduate student staff.  this position is contingent upon maintaining existing levels of funding from the state. job requirements applicants must have at least one book of poetry published or under contract with a national press and an mfa or  phd in creative writing by august 1, 2014. preferred qualifications:  experience in publishing and/or editing with a nationally-distributed literary press or journal, and/or arts management  background, and a demonstrated potential for teaching excellence. applications: applicants should apply online at: hrjobs .csuohio .edu/ applicants/ central?quickfind=52789 you will be asked to complete your name and contact information, and upload the following documents: (a) cover  letter, (b) curriculum vita, (c) statement of teaching philosophy, (d) a 15-page writing sample, (e) and contact information  for three references willing to provide letters of recommendation. please inform your reference providers that the university will be sending an email with instructions on how to upload  reference letters. offer of employment is contingent on satisfactory completion of the university's verification of credentials and other  information required by law and/or university policies or practices, including but not limited to a criminal background  check. the deadline for applications is november 15, 2013. university overview: NA and even more focus on helping our students succeed. come and see why cleveland state university won a northcoast  NA find the spirit of a growing urban university as well as extraordinary benefits including free undergraduate tuition for  yourself and your dependents. we also provide attractive and affordable health plan choices with dental, vision, life  insurance and disability coverage. even some part-time positions are eligible for health coverage as well. cleveland state university is an aa/eoe committed to nondiscrimination. m/f/d/v encouraged. this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. kent su