shawnee state university invites applications for an assistant professor/director of developmental writing position  starting august 2014, pending budgetary availability. this is a full-time, tenure-track faculty position teaching composition  and developmental writing courses and serving as a liaison between the department of english  and humanities  and the university college. the successful candidate will implement a variety of learning strategies for underprepared students and at-risk students,  work with full-service and part-time faculty who teach developmental courses, and work closely with members  of the university to ensure that developmental writing and reading are aligned with the goals of the university and  the writing program. minimum qualifications: ph.d. (assistant professor) or abd (senior instructor) in english  or doctorate in education.  three years of teaching experience at the college level with some in developmental writing and evidence of  teaching effectiveness and scholarly activity (publications and/or presentations). desirable qualifications: significant coursework in rhetorical theory and composition studies. background working  with computer-assisted instruction, working in writing centers, and working in an open-admission educational setting.  developmental reading specialty is a plus as well. shawnee state university is the regional state university for south-central ohio. it is a primarily undergraduate,  four-year public university with limited graduate degree programs. enrollment is approximately 4,200 students.  NA southern ohio. portsmouth is approximately an hour drive from huntington, wv, and two hours from columbus or  cincinnati, ohio. additional information about ssu is available at www .shawnee .edu shawnee state university seeks individuals who share our commitment to students as our first priority and is an equal  employment opportunity/affirmative action employer. position is open until filled. to ensure full consideration, complete your online application at https:// shawnee  .peopleadmin .com. you must upload your cover letter (addressing how qualifications satisfy the requirements for the  NA three letters of recommendation addressed to: dr. jeff bauer, dean, college of arts and sciences, and dr. brenda  haas, dean, university college, shawnee state university. initial review of applications will occur on january 1,  2014. transcripts and background check are required prior to hire. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 2 december 2013 and was available online from 6 december 2013 through 17 january 2014.  u of cincinnati english 