the university center for human values invites applications for laurance s. rockefeller visiting faculty fellowships  NA about topics involving human values in public and private life. the program is open to scholars in all disciplines provided  their research plans qualify. in recent years fellows have been drawn from fields including philosophy, political  theory, literature, history, classics, economics and law, but this list is not meant to be exhaustive. fellows are expected to reside in or around princeton and to be active contributors to the intellectual life of the center.  this includes participating in a weekly seminar attended by fellows and center faculty to discuss work in progress  and in various other seminars, colloquia and lectures sponsored by the center. fellows enjoy access to firestone library  and to a wide range of activities throughout the university. candidates should have a doctorate or equivalent professional degree and a strong record of research publications appropriate  to their career stage. typically fellows hold faculty positions at other universities or colleges; in exceptional  cases we consider applications from independent scholars when there is a high level of scholarly achievement. this is  not a post-doctoral fellowship program and we do not generally consider candidates who will have held the ph.d. for  less than two years at the time of appointment. the fellowship period extends from september 1 to july 1. fellows normally receive stipends of up to one-half their  academic-year salaries (subject to a minimum and maximum set each fall). ordinarily their home institutions provide  a portion of their salaries in addition to all benefits, although this is not a requirement for appointment. stipends for  independent scholars will not exceed the maximum for fellows holding appointments elsewhere. the main considerations in the evaluation of applications are the following: the significance of the proposed research and its relevance to the purposes of the university center for human values  (see http:// uchv .princeton .edu/ for more information); NA through teaching and writing; the likelihood that the research would benefit from being conducted in the university center environment. how to apply candidates should submit an online application at http:// jobs .princeton .edu. search for requisition  number 1300435. the following materials will be required:  1. a curriculum vitae; 2. a scholarly paper (of no more than about 12,000 words) written in the past three years; 3. a statement (of no more than 1,500 words) describing the proposed research project; and 4. contact information for three referees, including at least one who was not a graduate advisor. referees will be contacted  directly with instructions for uploading letters of reference. these materials should be submitted online by monday, november 4, 2013. we do not accept application materials by  any other method. letters of reference are to be submitted by november 6. the selection committee begins reviewing  applications immediately and incomplete applications may be at a disadvantage. decisions are expected to be announced  by march 17, 2014. princeton university is an equal opportunity employer  and complies with applicable eeo and affirmative action  regulations. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 1 october 2013 and was available online from 3 october 2013 through 14 november 2013. rider u english, 