the college of arts and sciences at the university of oklahoma is seeking outstanding candidates for a full-time,  twelve-month, tenured associate or full professor position as director of native american studies with primary responsibility  to provide leadership for all aspects of the native american studies program. the director also holds the  coca cola professorship. candidates must have a ph.d. or equivalent and must be qualified for tenure at the university  of oklahoma. candidates must have demonstrated excellence in research and teaching related to native american  studies, experience working with tribal communities, and a commitment to providing service to native american  communities. prior administrative experience and evidence of obtaining external support for academic programs are  desirable. it is expected that the director will maintain an active research program and teach courses appropriate to  native american studies. salary will be commensurate with the background and experience of the successful candidate.  appointment to begin july 1, 2014. native american studies is an interdisciplinary, undergraduate and masters degree-granting program at the university  of oklahoma, devoted to academic activities that examine native american cultural, historical and contemporary  issues. this position will offer the director exciting opportunities in expanding the program, as well as in establishing  new partnerships with oklahoma in tribal and indigenous communities and beyond through research, teaching, and  other mutually beneficial interactions. native american studies also is dedicated to providing an academic context  that will broaden an understanding of cultural diversity. the director, who reports to the dean of the college of arts  and sciences, will be expected to develop a strategic plan for the future growth of the program, seek external funding  for program development, as well as provide sound administrative and managerial leadership for all aspects of native  american studies. applicants should submit a curriculum vita and a letter summarizing teaching experience and the kinds of courses the  candidate would teach in the future, current research activities with plans for future work, and a description of previous  administrative experience and involvement with tribal communities. applicants should also provide three letters  of recommendation. application materials should be sent to: kelly r. damphousse, interim dean, college of arts  and sciences, ellison hall, room 323, university of oklahoma, 633 elm avenue, norman, oklahoma 73019-3118. we will also accept electronic applications in pdf format, sent to cherry@ ou .edu. initial review of applications will  begin on february 28, 2014, and continue until an appointment is made. minorities and women are encouraged to  apply. the university of oklahoma is an equal opportunity institution www .ou .edu/eoo this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 february 2014 and was available online from 7 february 2014 through 21 march 2014. u of oklahoma english, 