oregon state university (osu) school of writing, literature, and film invites applications for an assistant professor,  tenure-track faculty position in victorian literature and culture, beginning fall 2014. this is a nine-month, 1.0 fte,  full time tenure-track appointment. the faculty member will teach a range of undergraduate and graduate courses,  including survey courses in british literature as well as courses in the victorian novel and other topics in victorian  literature and culture, preferably from an interdisciplinary perspective. tenure-track faculty teach a five course load  NA minimum requirements include a ph.d. in english  literature with a specialization in victorian literature and culture  at time of appointment. secondary specializations in any of the following areas are preferred: transnational writing,  NA have significant teaching experience and demonstrated potential for high quality teaching, a publication record, and  demonstrated scholarly innovation and commitment. the school of writing, literature, and film offers a ba in english,  an ma in english,  an mfa in creative writing,  NA such as pre-law, medical humanities, and scientific and technical writing. oregon state university is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer  committed to cultural diversity.  for full consideration for this position, your application must be received by november 11, 2013. apply electronically by logging on to the oregon state university job site http:// jobs .oregonstate .edu/ applicants/ jsp/  shared/ welcome_ css .jsp and refer to posting #0011148. please address materials to search chair, victorian literature and culture. when applying you will be required to attach  the following electronic documents: 1) resume/cv; 2) cover letter of interest indicating how your qualifications  and experience have prepared you for this position; 3) transcript or written list of courses and thesis title (transcripts  can be downloaded if the pdf file is 5 mb or less); 4) abstract of dissertation or book (no more than 1 page) must be  attached as other document. please submit letters of reference electronically through interfoliobycommittee at the following site and reference this  position #0011148: http:// apply .interfolio .com/ 22711 for additional information, please contact the school of writing, literature, and film main office at 541-737-3244 or  evan gottlieb (evan .gottlieb@ oregonstate .edu). this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 11 november  2013. oregon su english,  238 moreland hall corvallis or 97331