pacific lutheran university invites applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor level with a specialization  in rhetoric and composition beginning september 1, 2014. the position entails teaching, writing program  administration, and scholarly activity. teaching duties will include lower and upper division courses in our  undergraduate writing major in addition to one or two first-year writing seminars each year. teaching experience  related to new media, digital literacies, or visual rhetoric is highly desirable. administrative responsibilities will include  NA seminars. experience in writing program administration is highly valued. candidates will be expected to take a leadership  NA NA include other writing and literature courses in our english  NA NA and our international honors program). a phd in english  with a concentration in rhetoric and composition is required.  abd candidates will be considered, but phd must be in hand by september 1, 2014. we seek candidates who  are excellent teachers, are skilled in working collaboratively with units across campus, and have a promising record of  scholarly activity. pacific lutheran university (plu) is a comprehensive university with an enrollment of about 3500 students, including  international students from two dozen countries. located in a uniquely scenic region on the pacific rim, the  NA NA thoughtful inquiry, service, leadership, and care. plu enjoys a healthy and progressive relationship with the evangeli  cal lutheran church in america (elca). the university is committed to exploring, affirming and enriching dignity  and diversity in the campus community and endorses the goals of equal opportunity and affirmative action. plu actively  seeks applications from women and persons of color. NA sample online at http:// employment .plu .edu. applications close november 1. we will interview candidates at the  mla convention. for inquiries, please contact dr. callista brown, search chair, at callista .brown@plu.edu. this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 september 2013 and was available online from 20 september 2013 through 1 november  2013. seattle u english,  901 12th av po box 222000 seattle wa 98122