the department of english  at stanford university is seeking to make an appointment at the level of non-tenured professor  of english  (teaching) to serve as faculty director of the program in writing and rhetoric (pwr) within the  office of the vice provost for undergraduate education. the initial appointment is for 5 years, with the possibility of  promotion to a continuing term. candidates must have a record of achievement in scholarship as well as experience in  the teaching of writing, and preferably the administration of writing programs. possible areas of specialization include  but are not limited to the following: the history and theory of rhetoric; composition theory and practice; literacy studies,  including electronic literacies; the discursive or theoretical analysis of genres, literary periods, or textual forms.  the successful candidate will teach courses in the english  department, potentially at both the undergraduate and  graduate levels, and serve as the faculty director of pwr.  pwr oversees university-wide, required first-and second-year courses in writing and communication. writing instruction  is delivered by approximately 45 full-time lecturers on fixed-term and career-track appointments with opportunities  for promotion, including a number of post-doctoral fellows in english.  further, pwr administers the  writing in the major requirement, coordinating the course proposal process and writing support for courses in all majors.  NA program, and the stanford storytelling project. see further details at https:// undergrad .stanford .edu/ programs/ pwr . by january 31, 2014, candidates should submit a letter of application along with a curriculum vitae and a brief statement  of research and teaching interests. all application materials must be submitted online through https:// apply  .interfolio .com/ 24179. stanford university is an equal opportunity employer  and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. it  welcomes nominations of, and applications from, women and members of minority groups, as well as others who  NA this listing was submitted to the jil on 19 december 2013 and was available online from 20 december 2013 through 31 january 2014. stanford u english, 