the department of rhetoric and writing (drw) at the university of texas at austin seeks applicants for a tenure  track position in digital rhetorics and emerging communications technologies with an emphasis on production; preference  being given to those individuals at an advanced assistant professor level. the successful candidate should hold  a phd in rhetoric and writing or related field and demonstrate excellence in scholarship and teaching with a focus on  the intersections of rhetoric, writing, and digital technologies. additional interests could include technical and professional  communication, new media studies, digital humanities, visual rhetorics, sound/audio studies, video or film  production, or any historical or theoretical area in rhetoric or composition studies. the successful candidate will be expected to publish actively; teach at all levels of our curriculum; direct dissertations,  ma reports, and honors theses; and offer service to the department, the college, and the university. the selected  candidate will have the opportunity to design and teach an array of courses that contribute to the undergraduate  NA all with the support of our nationally renowned digital writing and research lab (dwrl), which operates state of  the art computer classrooms. the drw boasts a dynamic, collegial, nationally and internationally recognized faculty with interests in the history,  theory, and criticism of rhetoric; composition theory and pedagogy; digital writing and rhetorics; visual rhetorics;  empirical research; writing in the disciplines and professions; and rhetoric and poetics. sub-units of the drw include  the undergraduate writing center and the digital writing and research lab.  the deadline for applications is october 27, 2013; review will begin immediately. submit a letter of application, a  curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, a dissertation abstract or book prospectus, a sample chapter or a recent  publication, and a statement of teaching philosophy (no longer than one page) position funding is pending budgetary approval. a background check will be conducted on the successful candidate.  the university of texas at austin is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.  [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 28 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. u of texas, austin