composition and rhetoric: composition pedagogy the department of english  language & literature of the university of south carolina (http:// artsandsciences .sc .edu/ engl/.................................................................................................................) invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant professor position in composition and rhetoric. we are particularly  interested in applications from candidates whose research agendas focus on composition pedagogy, research  methodologies, and/or writing program administration. we also welcome candidates with other areas of expertise  including community literacy, writing center theory and practice, and writing assessment. the successful candidate  will be expected to contribute to a strong program in rhetoric, develop a significant research agenda, and participate  in several key areas including program administration and development (first-year english  and the writing center),  graduate student training, and the university-level core curriculum requirements. to apply, please send cv, letter of interest, writing sample, and at least three confidential letters of recommendation  (which may be sent either electronically through interfolio [strongly preferred] or in hard copy) to: william e. rivers, chair department of english  language and literature university of south carolina columbia, sc 29208 for full consideration, application materials must be received no later than november 1, 2013. the department of english  language and literature features a strong and flexible undergraduate major and graduate  degrees in literature, composition and rhetoric, creative writing, and speech communication. our diverse faculty includes  internationally-known scholars in english  and american literature, african american studies, composition and  rhetoric, history of authorship and publishing, literary theory, linguistics, communication studies, film, and creative  writing. the university of south carolina's main campus is located in the state capital, close to the mountains and the coast.  the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching has designated the university of south carolina as one  NA strong focus on community engagement. the university has over 31,000 students on the main campus (and over  46,000 students system-wide), more than 350 degree programs, and a nationally-ranked library system that includes  NA the university of south carolina is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  minorities and women are  encouraged to apply. the university of south carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment opportunities  or decisions for qualified persons on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual  orientation, or veteran status. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 4 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of south carolina, columbia english,  1620 college st columbia sc 29208