the college at brockport, suny, seeks candidates for an assistant professor of british early modern literature, with  particular expertise in shakespeare, with dramatic literature as a preferred secondary interest. duties include teaching  three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), regular publication, service to the department and  college, advisement of undergraduate majors, and direction of ma theses/projects. required: ph.d. in english  or  related field, abd candidates must earn their doctoral degree within six months of appointment date; record of teaching  success; record of scholarship in british early modern literature; evidence of potential for continued publication;  and potential for increasing the diversity of the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/mentoring  or research activities. preferred: evidence of successful teaching and scholarship in dramatic literature. tenure-track  faculty receive support from programs including a scholarship travel account, the faculty learning community for  tenure and promotion, and the center for excellence in teaching and learning. the college promotes diversity in  its faculty, curriculum, and campus life through such programs, grants, and events as the ronald e. mcnair program,  the promoting excellence in diversity grant, and pre-tenure research support. the college at brockport is located  NA wine country. for best consideration, submit cover letter and cv at www .brockportrecruit .org..................... by november 1. submit  three letters of recommendation through interfolio to mburstei@ brockport .edu. if interfolio is unavailable, send   recommendations to dr. miriam burstein, early modern search chair, dept. of english,  the college at brockport,  suny, brockport ny 14420. candidates selected for mla interviews will submit a writing sample and teaching  philosophy statement at that time. the college at brockport, suny, is an eoe/aae. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 12 september 2013 and was available online from 13 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. su of new york, c at cortland english, 