university of connecticut greater hartford campus the department of english,  university of connecticut, invites applications for a one-year renewable assistant professor  in residence appointment at the greater hartford regional campus, beginning august 2014. we seek an excellent teacher of writing who will also serve as the coordinator of our campus writing center. coordination  of the center will include hiring and overseeing the work of the writing center staff and also providing support  for faculty teaching first-year writing and writing-intensive courses. the successful candidate will join an active  group of writing program administrators and scholars across the uconn system. teaching responsibilities include  NA NA program. the greater hartford campus is a small regional campus with a very diverse student population, including  many first-generation college students. minimum qualifications: completion of all requirements for the phd in english,  rhetoric/composition, or related  field by the start date of employment; and evidence of a strong commitment to undergraduate education. the candidate  must have experience teaching first-year writing and some graduate coursework in rhetoric/composition. preferred qualifications: writing center experience and/or administrative (wpa) experience; active engagement in  the profession; and a research agenda related to writing studies. appointment terms: this is a full-time, nine-month, non-tenure-track position that will report to both the head of the english  department  and the director of the greater hartford campus. in-residence positions are non-tenure-track, but may be  renewed annually. salary commensurate with experience and qualifications. application: please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, a writing sample, and a brief portfolio of teaching materials (e.g., syllabi,  assignment prompts) to husky hire at http:// jobs .uconn .edu/ faculty............................................ additionally, please follow the instructions  in academic jobs online to direct three reference writers to submit letters of recommendation on your behalf.  review of applications will begin immediately. for full consideration online applications should be received no later  than april 18. a first round of interviews will take place via skype. for further information, interested candidates  should contact scott campbell (scott .campbell@ uconn .edu..........................................................). employment of the successful candidate will be contingent  upon the successful completion of a pre-employment criminal background check. at the university of connecticut, our commitment to excellence is complemented by our commitment to building  a culturally diverse community. we actively encourage women, people with disabilities, and members of minority  groups to apply. the university of connecticut is an eeo/aa employer. this listing was submitted to the jil on 18 march 2014 and was available online from 21 march 2014 through 2 may 2014. u of new haven english, 