the jackman humanities institute at the university of toronto seeks 3 andrew w. mellon postdoctoral fellows for a  NA humour, play, and games a distinctive human quality is our sense of humour, and our attraction to play and to games. play is central to such  fields as literature, music, poetry, art, and film. humour can, of course, be very serious: a powerful critique, a source  of strength to survive, a tool for building solidarity, and a means of drawing and redrawing limits. but humour also  poses a challenge to the serious. today, when scholarship needs to justify itself and time is money, what room is left  for play and humour? can they be justified along functional and economic lines (e.g. play is the seedbed of the genuinely  new) or must we resist justification in the name of play itself? what is an old joke worth? games can be both  competitive and collaborative, and play is structured by the virtual spaces games create. playing games and studying  games fosters new modes of knowledge. this theme will allow all disciplines, those that have long-recognized the  aesthetic importance of humour and play and those that traditionally have not, to intersect with new thinking about  games, and so explore a full range of serious (and sometimes funny) play. fellowships begin 1 july 2014. eligibility: ph.d. awarded between 1 july 2011 and 30 may 2014. apply at www.humanities.utoronto.ca by 15 november 2013 1. userid registration 2. online application form (click funding, select postdoctoral fellowships) 3. uploads: NA be undertaken during the fellowship b. full curriculum vitae c. published work, dissertation chapter, or work in progress (approx. 30 pages) d. statement of teaching interests including course proposals. 4. names and emails of 3 references electronic applications submitted online only (no paper, faxes, or email submissions). [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 15 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 6 december 2013. u of wisconsin, madison mellon postdoctoral fellowship program, 432 east campus mall, rm. 309 301 south hall-1055 bascom mall 