the english  department at the state university of new york, college at plattsburgh seeks applications for a full  time coordinator of the esl program to begin august 2014. the coordinator of the english  as a second language  program is responsible for providing goal-oriented leadership for the english  NA plattsburgh. the calendar-year appointee will hold the rank of lecturer. he or she will oversee the esl summer program  and will collaborate with staff members in the global education office and other offices on campus that manage  the enrollment of students with limited english  proficiency. the intention is to increase enrollments in the english  bridge and the intensive summer english  programs, expand the depth and breadth of current esl offerings, and investigate  program accreditation through an appropriate accrediting body. the program will continue to be student  centered and responsive to the academic support needs of students wishing to be successful. this 12-month, non- tenure track position requires flexible hours, including some weekend and evening commitments. the lecturer will  be a member of the english  department. as such he or she will report to the chairperson of the english  department  and be evaluated by the english  NA responsibilities include: teach classes in or in support of the english  bridge program; recruit and recommend esl  instructors for the english  department chair to hire; mentor esl instructors; prepare esl course schedule, subject  to approval of the english  department chair; advise lower and upper division students; maintain and develop curriculum  and pedagogical methods to enable student success in their degree-related courses; develop and implement  course and program assessment plans; support the institutional enrollment management goals for students with limited  english  proficiency; provide consultation to faculty regarding strategies for successful teaching and learning for  students with limited english  proficiency; develop and manage content, budget, and logistics for the intensive summer  english  program; coordinate the intensive summer english  program; coordinate co-curricular activities. work  with the director of freshman composition on projects of mutual concern, especially the co-ordination of esl and  non-esl writing courses. NA pedagogy: successful esl teaching experience in a post-secondary setting, including experience teaching writing  courses, especially those designed for esl students; experience developing esl curricula; administrative abilities:  planning and budgeting acumen; capacity to work with others confidently, thoughtfully, collaboratively, and successfully,  including faculty, staff, and students campus wide; other: ability to communicate clearly in english  with native-level fluency; dedication to student success; willingness  and ability to perform some evening and weekend work. preferred qualifications: administrative experience, including faculty mentoring, program development, and assessment;  demonstrated experience developing esl programs; international learning or teaching experience; fluency in  a language other than english. suny plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer,  committed to excellence through diversity. salary: $51,000, plus excellent benefits. review of applications begins immediately and continues until the position is  filled. application materials received by march 7th will be guaranteed full consideration. please apply to http:// jobs  .plattsburgh .edu/ postings/ 5129 and include a resume/cv, cover letter of interest, and contact information for three  current professional or academic references. official transcripts from an accredited institution will be required prior to  employment. this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 january 2014 and was available online from 30 january 2014 through 13 march 2014.  su of new york, u at buffalo english,  306 clemens hall buffalo ny 14260