the department of english  seeks to fill the following tenure-track position: assistant professor of english,  with a primary  specialization in creative writing (narrative genres preferred, including short fiction, the novel, or creative nonfiction).  secondary specialization in one of the following areas is also desired: contemporary literature; film and/or  media studies; playwriting; journalism. ph.d. in english,  literature, or creative writing is desirable, though we also   welcome applications from candidates with an m.f.a. degree. duties for the appointment, which begins august 2014,  include teaching undergraduate courses in creative writing and the area of secondary specialization, contributing  to departmental responsibilities for surveys and interdisciplinary core curriculum courses, mentoring students, and  showing a strong commitment to scholarship and/or the publication of original creative work. normal teaching load  is six courses per year over two semesters. salary and benefits are competitive. to apply, submit the following materials by email to writers@ millsaps .edu.............................................: a cover letter addressed to dr. eric griffin,  chair, department of english,  which discusses both teaching philosophy with specific examples of effective classroom  NA for a diverse community; a curriculum vitae; an unofficial graduate transcript; three confidential letters of reference;  and a writing sample of no more than 25 pages (more than one genre preferred). all applications should be complete  by friday, november 22, 2013. millsaps college is a national selective liberal arts college founded by the united methodist church in 1890. it  hosts the first chapter of phi beta kappa in the state of mississippi. the college occupies a beautiful 100-acre residential  NA financial, legal, medical, and cultural center of the state. enrollment is approx. 1000. millsaps college is an equal  opportunity employer  and encourages applications from women and minorities. employment is contingent upon successful  background verification. (website: www .millsaps .edu) [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 26 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 22 november  2013. millsaps c english, 