sweet briar college invites applications for a full-time tenure track assistant professor beginning fall 2014 to join the  english  department. the department offers majors and minors in english  and in english  and creative writing and  also contributes to the college's programs in medieval/renaissance studies, gender studies, and education as well as  the first-year, general education, and honors programs. this faculty member will be expected to collaborate with colleagues across traditional disciplinary boundaries, particularly  with other members of the medieval/renaissance studies program. classes to be taught will include upper-  level courses for the majors (the history of english,  chaucer, and topics courses in areas of specialization) as well as  introductory courses in literature and composition. the teaching load is currently 3:3, though the college is transitioning  to a 3:2 load. qualified candidates must have: by the start of the academic year, a ph.d. in english,  comparative literature with  english  as the major language, or medieval literature/culture; expertise in anglo-saxon and/or middle english  literature;  evidence of excellence in college-level teaching; an active research agenda and strong scholarly potential; and  a commitment to service. preference will be given to candidates whose qualifications include one or more of the following: a strong concentration  in global medieval literature and culture, including relevant languages in european or non-european traditions;  research and teaching interests in transnational and transcultural interactions or in the intertextual relations between  works in english  and those in other languages; interdisciplinary expertise in, for example, theories of translation and/ or narratology, gender studies, medieval philosophy or visual cultures, or comparative religions. NA pp. writing sample; sample syllabi; recent teaching evaluations; graduate transcripts (photocopies are acceptable); list  of three referees whom you have asked to submit confidential recommendations. recommendations should also submitted  by pdf to the same e-mail address. fullest consideration will be given to completed applications received by  november 1. sweet briar college, located on 3,250 scenic acres in the foothills of the blue ridge mountains in central virginia,  is a nationally-ranked, independent, liberal arts and sciences college for women. an equal opportunity employer,  sweet briar encourages applications from qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and ideas.  sweet briar offers a pleasant working environment and a competitive salary and benefits package. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 22 august 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november 2013. u of mary washington english, 