the department of english  at the university of calgary invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of  assistant professor, effective july 1, 2014. we are seeking candidates with a phd in english  or a closely related discipline, a demonstrated scholarly record, and  expertise in british literature of the long 19th century. we are particularly interested in candidates specializing in  romanticism, popular literatures, and transatlantic literature. the successful applicant will contribute to the teaching  needs of the department at all levels. based on external funding results and on research output, the department of english  at the university of calgary is  one of the most dynamic research departments in canada. the department has thriving ma and phd programs, a  strong undergraduate program, a 2/2 teaching load, and generous research funding opportunities. for more information  about the department, see our home page: http://www.english. ucalgary.ca. applicants should send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, a writing sample, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. they  should arrange to have three confidential letters of reference forwarded directly to: dr. bart beaty, head department of english  university of calgary 2500 university drive nw calgary, alberta t2n 1n4 or by e-mail to the department manager, anne jaggard: jaggard@ ucalgary .ca deadline: january 31, 2014 or when the position is filled. we encourage applications from all qualified individuals, including persons of minority sexual orientations and gender  identities, members of visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, and persons with disabilities. canadians and permanent  residents will be given priority. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  the university of calgary respects, appreciates, and encourages diversity. this listing was submitted to the jil on 20 december 2013 and was available online from 26 december 2013 through 20 february  2014. u of calgary english,  2500 university dr nw calgary ab t2n 1n4 canada