full-time, tenure-line position beginning fall 2014. the department of english  at the university of puget sound seeks a colleague for a tenure-line position in creative  writing (fiction) with the demonstrated ability to teach in an area of theoretical or transnational emphasis. in particular,  we welcome applicants with a specialization in queer literature/theory, literatures of the americas, or literatures  of africa. responsibilities: standard teaching assignment is three courses per semester. the successful candidate will generally teach introductory and advanced courses in fiction writing, courses in literature,  and first-year writing across the curriculum (expository writing).  NA curriculum), bringing a critical and reflective approach to pedagogy. student advising and other departmental and university governance duties are required. qualifications: ph.d. (abd considered) in english  with a publication record in fiction writing. a record of successful teaching. strong commitment to undergraduate teaching and liberal arts education required. compensation and benefits: rank: assistant professor salary is commensurate with education and experience. puget sound offers a generous benefits package. for more information, visit: http:// www .pugetsound .edu/ about/  NA application deadline: the deadline for receipt of applications, including all supporting materials, is october 28, 2013.  interviews will occur at mla in chicago in january 2014. required documents: please submit curriculum vitae when prompted to upload required documents during the application process. to attach  NA NA please do not submit a writing sample at the initial stage of application. we will request a writing sample from those  whose work we wish to learn more about prior to mla. applications submitted without the documents requested below will not be considered: curriculum vitae letter of interest statement of teaching philosophy statement of current and future projects three letters of recommendation please arrange to have three letters of reference sent electronically to the search committee at cwsearch2013@  pugetsound .edu by the october 28, 2013 deadline. all offers of employment are contingent on successful completion of a background inquiry. commitment to diversity: puget sound is committed to an environment that welcomes and supports diversity. we  seek diversity of identity, thought, perspective, and background in our students, faculty, and staff. please view the  university diversity statement. [r] this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of washington