the university of chicago society of fellows general education teaching fellowships in the humanities and social sciences the university of chicago society of fellows is now accepting applications for four-year postdoctoral teaching appointments  as harper and schmidt fellows who hold the rank of collegiate assistant professor. the fellows are  members of the college faculty whose primary responsibility is to teach in the general education (core) program. core courses in the humanities typically deal with fundamental issues and texts in history, philosophy, and literature.  currently, the core is organized into seven year-long sequences: readings in world literature; human being  and citizen; greek thought and literature; philosophical perspectives on the humanities; media aesthetics; reading  cultures; and language and the human. for a description of these sequences see: https:// fellows .uchicago .edu/  humanities .shtml core courses in the social sciences explore, on the basis of significant works, the fundamental concepts and the different  modes of inquiry that have defined the social sciences in the modern period. currently, fellows teach in four of  the year-long sequences into which the core is organized: self, culture and society; classics of social and political  thought; and power, identity, and resistance; and social science inquiry. for a description of these sequences see:  https:// fellows .uchicago .edu/ social_ sciences .shtml some fellows also teach in the history of european civilization core sequence. european civilization is taught on  the basis of intensive readings of significant primary source documents. for a description of the sequence see: https:// fellows .uchicago .edu/ history .shtml the positions are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization who will have completed all requirements  for their ph.d. degree no later than august 31, 2014. candidates must demonstrate excellence in their original  scholarship as well as in teaching. in most years, fellows teach two courses (usually of identical preparation) for each of three quarters. each fellow also  has the opportunity to design an independent course and each is eligible for one quarter of research sabbatical in the  NA is september 1, 2014. to apply for these positions, please see our web site at http:// fellows .uchicago .edu. the web site will be available to  accept applications beginning september 9, 2013. important deadline dates: on line application deadline: 11:59pm cst, friday, november1, 2013. deadline for receipt of letters of recommendations: 11:59pm cst, friday, november 15, 2013. this includes letters of  recommendation from your three recommenders or those received from a dossier service. the university of chicago is an affirmative action, equal opportunityemployer this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013.  u of dayton english, 