the dept. of anthropology, sociology and languages at the university of missouri-st louis is seeking a non tenure- track, full-time associate teaching professor or teaching professor in eap, starting january 1, 2014. NA and a minimum of seven years of relevant teaching experience at an accredited four-year institution in the  us. the ideal candidate should have second language proficiency as well as experience living overseas. he or she  will transition into the rotating role of eap coordinator and should have experience administering a university level  eap program. the candidate must be able to demonstrate excellence in teaching intermediate through advanced level  courses in reading, writing, grammar, and american english  pronunciation, including the use of technology in the  classroom. he or she should also demonstrate a record of active and sustained service relevant to tesol and a teaching  career at a university. the normal teaching load is four (3 credit hour) eap courses per semester, with a reduction  for administrative duties such as drafting the eap course schedule, managing the eap curriculum, coordinating the  summer program, organizing proficiency testing for international students and faculty members, interfacing success  fully with campus units that serve international students, and hiring and supervising full and part-time instructors and  tutors in the eap program. salary range is $43,000 to 47,000 annually. send letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference to: james  karslake, anthropology, sociology and languages, university of missouri-st. louis, 1 university blvd, st. louis,  mo 63121. or e-mail to jkarslake@ umsl .edu. review of applications will begin in late october and will continue  until the position is filled. st. louis is a vibrant metropolitan area with multiple language communities. the university of missouri-st. louis is  an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  committed to excellence through diversity. this listing was submitted to the jil on 25 september 2013 and was available online from 27 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. montana carroll c langs & lit, 1601 n benton av helena mt 59625