the university writing program at the university of california, davis invites applicants for a tenure-track faculty  position in rhetoric and composition at the rank of assistant or associate professor. we are seeking teachers/scholars  with ongoing research in first-year composition. additional research areas may include multilingual writers, cultural  rhetorics, and/or professional writing. interest in and potential to administer a first-year writing program is required.  the successful candidate will be able to teach upper-level undergraduate courses in writing in the disciplines and professions,  first-year composition, as well as graduate courses in the theory and pedagogy of rhetoric and composition.  the appointee is expected to have a strong research plan and teaching record and will teach at both the undergraduate  and graduate level. ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or related field must be in hand before the first day of classes,  september 29, 2014. the successful candidate will join an independent writing program at a top-flight research university  with an established emphasis on writing in the disciplines and professions, as well as a diverse student population.  NA NA NA to sacramento and within easy driving distance of the bay area and the sierra, uc davis offers a superb, diverse  environment for teaching and research. applicants should submit a cover letter including a statement of research and  teaching interests, curriculum vitae, one publication or professional paper and three (3) letters of recommendation  through the online application form found at: https:// recruit .ucdavis .edu/ for full consideration applications should be received by october 25, 2013. the position is open until filled. the university  of california, davis, is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  with a strong institutional commitment  to the achievement of diversity among its faculty and staff. this listing was submitted to the jil on 6 september 2013 and was available online from 11 september 2013 through 8 november  2013. u of california, irvine english,  435 humanities instructnl bldg irvine ca 92697