the english  department at auk is seeking appointment of faculty members in english  NA mla 10): open rank, ph.d. in rhetoric and composition or linguistics strongly preferred. candidates will be committed  to excellence in teaching and scholarly research for non-tenure track positions in english.  primary teaching  responsibilities are teaching undergraduate writing courses such as freshman composition, research writing, and  NA teaching college-level writing, an excellent teaching record, a strong background in writing pedagogy, and a commitment  to lower-division teaching. application packages are to be submitted electronically to faculty@ auk .edu .kw (attachments must not exceed 10 mb  per e-mail). the package should contain the following: NA suitable basis for performance in the position for which they are applying; 2) a current cv; 3) statement on research and service and statement of teaching methodology, including curricular development that  the individual has initiated and executed; 4.) copies of teaching evaluations if available; 5) the names and addresses, both electronic and postal, of three referees. 6) two recent publications /two writing samples; in completing your application, please quote position code number. incomplete applications will not be considered.  for full consideration, applications should be reviewed by december 1, 2013. about the american university of kuwait: the american university of kuwait (auk) is a private university in kuwait organized on the u.s. model of undergraduate  liberal arts education. the medium of instruction is english.  the university is accredited by the council for  private universities of the kuwait ministry of higher education. auk also has a memorandum of understanding   with dartmouth college in hanover, nh. auk admitted its first students in september 2004 and currently has approximately  2,000 students and over 120 ug faculty members. visit the auk website (www .auk .edu.kw) to learn about the degree programs, university facilities, and campus life. this listing was submitted to the jil on 27 october 2013 and was available online from 1 november 2013 through 13 december 2013. american u of sharjah