the department of foreign languages, in conjunction with the department of english,  invites applications for a  tenure track assistant professor of comparative literature for fall 2013. the ideal candidate for this joint appointment  would have a phd in comparative literature, or closely related area, focusing on latin american literature  as well as transnational literature of the americas. the candidate would be able to connect latin american, caribbean,  u.s. latino a, as well as other literatures of the americas. the successful candidate would teach spanish majors, who are required to take latin american literature and culture  courses in spanish. in addition, the faculty member would also teach literature of the americas (in translation)  to english  majors. lastly, the new faculty member would have the opportunity to create seminars in either both  departments that would focus on underrepresented literatures. required minimum qualifications: phd in comparative literature or related field, specializing in latin american literature as well as transnational  literature of the americas, by august 2013. candidates should have native or near native proficiency in both spanish and english,  and experience in teaching  spanish at the college level. applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and to working in a multicultural  environment that fosters diversity. they should also have the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly  activity, and a commitment to public higher education.  preferred qualifications: bridgewater state university is committed to student and faculty success, and that commitment includes maintaining  small class sizes and offering opportunities for undergraduate research with faculty members. applicants should  be able to demonstrate strong commitment to working with a diverse student body, including first generation college  students, students of color, and those from families with modest means. special instructions to applicants: please attach the following documents to your on line application:  cv  letter of intent  three references included on the cv. salary: commensurate with qualifications and experience to apply: interested applicants should apply online at   bridgewater state university is an affirmative action equal opportunity employer  which actively seeks to increase  the diversity of its workforce. [r] framingham su english, 