the department of english  language & literature of the university of south carolina (  are particularly interested in applications from candidates whose research agendas focus on writing program administration,  professional and technical writing, and or research methodologies in composition. we also welcome  candidates with other areas of expertise including feminist writing and rhetoric, composition pedagogy, digital  writing and rhetoric, community literacy, writing center theory and practice, and writing assessment. the successful  candidate will be eventually expected to contribute to several key areas including program administration and  development (first year english  and the writing center), graduate student training, and the university level core  curriculum requirements. to apply, please send cv, letter of interest, writing sample, and at least three confidential letters of recommendation  (which may be sent separately either electronically through a certified dossier service or in hard copy) to: william e. rivers, chair department of english  language and literature university of south carolina columbia, sc 29208 for full consideration, application materials must be received no later than november 2, 2012.  NA carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching has designated the university of south carolina as one of  NA also lists usc as having strong community engagement. the university has over 29,500 students on the main  campus (and over 44,500 students system wide), more than 350 degree programs, and a nationally ranked library  NA center of an increasingly sophisticated greater metropolitan area with a population over 750,000. the university of south carolina is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  minorities and women are  encouraged to apply. the university of south carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment opportunities  or decisions for qualified persons on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability,  sexual orientation or veteran status. u of south carolina, columbia english, 