the university of oregon department of english  is seeking a distinguished scholar of literature and environment  to hold the carlisle and. barbara moore chair in english.  associate or full professors (or the equivalent) working  in areas of british, north american, colonial, post colonial, indigenous, and ethnic american literary studies are  urged to apply. research interests for the moore chair might include, without being limited to, discourses of place  and displacement, natural history writing, environmental justice, science studies, and animal studies. the most competitive applicants will be established scholars with outstanding records of research and both graduate  and undergraduate teaching who will enhance the department's foundational reputation in literature and environment  as well as the university's well established environmental studies graduate and undergraduate programs. we  are especially interested in scholars whose research and teaching will help build the department's existing strengths  in the study of intersections among environmental issues, race, class, ethnicity, and gender; and we encourage applications  from candidates who have experience working with students from diverse backgrounds. minimum requirements: ph.d. in english  or related field and college level teaching experience. applicants should post letter of application, cv, a writing sample of current scholarship, and contact information for  three referees to academic jobs online: www .academicjobsonline .org . if you are unable use this online resource,  please contact engl@ uoregon .edu to arrange alternate means of submitting application materials. interviews will  not be conducted at the mla convention; finalists will be invited to the university of oregon campus in eugene. review of materials will begin on november 1s, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. the university of oregon is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution committed to cultural diversity  and compliance with the americans with disabilities act. we strongly encourage applications from candidates who  share our commitment to diversity. [r] pennsylvania allegheny c english, 