NA seeks to fill a full time tenure track position in creative  writing (poetry), at the level of beginning or advanced assistant professor beginning in july 2013. the ideal  candidate would have a terminal degree in creative writing (mfa or phd), demonstrated expertise in teaching  poetry workshops and in curriculum development, and a significant record of publications. responsibilities include  teaching poetry workshops at introductory and advanced levels, with the possibility of other courses as appropriate  NA creative writing minor. salary is competitive. position begins july 1, 2013. initial interviews will be conducted at  mla convention. wake forest university is a private, coeducational institution dedicated to academic excellence in liberal arts, graduate  and professional education. founded in 1834, the university is ranked among the top thirty national universities.  wake forest is a collegiate university offering a vibrant intellectual community with a rich cultural life, an  impressive array of facilities and an active athletics community. the university has a deep institutional commitment  NA about the university, go to   of english,  go to www .wfu .edu  english. applicants should apply on line at   klein, chair, department of english.  also submit on line your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a writing  sample (5 to 7 poems). confidential letters of recommendation must be sent via email by the recommender or  dossier service to english@  wfu .edu. applications and other materials must be submitted no later than october 22  at 5:00 pm. eoe aa questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ wfu .edu. questions about the position may  be addressed to english@  wfu .edu.  wake forest university welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applicants with demonstrated success in  working with diverse populations. wake forest seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the  excellence of the university, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and  learning. [r] wake forest u english, 