tenure track assistant professor in early modern english  literature. we seek a scholar teacher prepared to contribute  to the on going development and diversification of our curricula for the english  major, the ma program, and  NA english.  we welcome diverse approaches, such as theatre across cultures, global drama, world shakespeares, etc.,  and we value and support both disciplinary and interdisciplinary scholarship and teaching. the university of dayton  NA and social and environmental justice, among others. excellent teaching and publication, in addition to service and  student advising, are actively supported and are required for tenure and promotion in the department. preferred qualifications: phd in english  or a related field; demonstrated success in teaching first year composition  and or shakespeare; potential to contribute to the diversification of our curriculum; interest in and ability to teach  in the interdisciplinary first year humanities core program or another first year learning living community; experience  working with students from diverse backgrounds. minimum qualifications: promise of excellence in both research and teaching; ability to teach shakespeare to undergraduate  and graduate students; ability to teach effectively at all levels and in a range of courses, including first  year composition. abd near completion of the phd in english  or a related field. the university of dayton, founded in 1850 by the society of mary, is a top ten catholic research university. the  university seeks outstanding, diverse faculty and staff who value its mission and share its commitment to academic   excellence in teaching, research and artistic creativity, the development of the whole person, and leadership and service  in the local and global community. for department information, visit   english ................................................................................................................... apply online only, at   one page statement of teaching philosophy, and c.v., by nov. 5, 2012. to attain its catholic and marianist mission, the university is committed to the principles of diversity, inclusion  and affirmative action and to equal opportunity policies and practices. we act affirmatively to recruit and hire  women, traditionally under represented minority groups, people with disabilities and veterans. [r] oregon linfield c english,  900 se baker st mcminnville or 97128