(2 tenure track positions).  the school of writing, rhetoric & technical communication (<www.jmu.edu wrtc>) at james madison university  invites applications and nominations for two tenure track positions (assistant or associate professor) to begin  fall 2013. established in 2008, writing, rhetoric & technical communication is an academic community of 50  faculty (approximately 30 full time and 20 part time), 425 majors, minors, and graduate students. our mission is  NA citizenship. we invite candidates with an interest in language as it addresses issues in technology and science,  public discourse and culture. we seek colleagues to participate in developing an innovative curriculum based on  the interrelationships among writing, rhetoric, and technical communication. expertise desired in at least two of  these areas: teaching and research in linguistics and rhetoric, sociolinguistics, semiotics, rhetorical theory, rhetorical  analysis, design theory, visual design, graphic design, human and computer interaction, technical and scientific  communication, scientific communication, medical communication, and technical communication in its many elements  (health and medical communication, usability studies, information design, universal design, online help and  instructional training, and proposal writing) at the graduate and undergraduate level. we also seek candidates who  are able to teach coding (html, css, javascript, adobe technical suite). requirements include a ph.d. in writing studies, design, design science, rhetoric and composition, technical  communication, linguistics, or related discipline. additional requirements include evidence of excellent teaching, a  record of significant scholarship for associate professor, publications or potential for publication that furthers the mission  of wrtc for assistant professor. new hires will be expected to advise and to teach first year writing and courses  NA james madison university is an affirmative action equal opportunity, equal access employer  and especially encourages  applications from minorities, women, and persons with disabilities. we seek candidates who will contribute  to the climate of diversity in the school and the development of a college of communication, information  and media. the school of writing, rhetoric and technical communication strives to create an educational   environment  in which students and faculty facilitate constructive dialogue in the classroom and community to inspire  responsible citizenship in a diverse world. james madison university is a growing university of approximately 19,000 students. jmu is located in harrisonburg,  a virginia main street community of about 41,000, in the beautiful shenandoah valley of virginia. it is approximately  NA the chesapeake bay. more information can be found at   to apply, complete an online application and upload cover letter describing qualifications at   (search for posting #0404929). in addition, applicants should mail a cv, statement of teaching philosophy, writing  NA james madison university, msc 2103, harrisonburg, va 22807. review of applications will begin november 3,  2012 and continue until positions are filled. [r] u of virginia english,  po box 400121, 219 bryan hall charlottesville va 22904