assistant professor of american sign language and interpreting studies the department of classical and modern  languages at the university of louisville is seeking a dedicated professional to teach courses in interpreting studies  and all levels of american sign language. this tenure track position will begin fall 2013 at the assistant professor   rank. qualifications: native or near native proficiency in american sign language, aslta certification, and a  doctorate in american sign language, asl studies, asl linguistics, interpreting, deaf education, or a closely  related field. applicants with a master's degree and ongoing graduate work toward a doctorate will also be considered.  an asl interpreting certificate (e.g. cdi, nic, or rid) is highly desirable. applicants must have experience  in working with the deaf community and be willing to work collaboratively with administrators, colleagues, and  students as the department continues to develop its bs program in american sign language interpreting studies.  teaching excellence and scholarly promise are essential. the successful candidate may also be asked to assume an  administrative role. dossiers received by november 15, 2012 will be given full consideration, but review of applications  will continue until position has been filled. initial interviews will be conducted by phone in early december.  please apply online at and upload your cv at the university of louisville human resources website www  .louisville .edu  jobs. you will need to select job #28403. in addition, please send a cover letter, a hard copy of your  cv, evidence of teaching excellence, and an official graduate transcript to: prof. regina roebuck, chair, aslis  search, department of classical and modern languages, university of louisville, louisville, ky 40292. please  also have three letters of recommendation sent to prof. roebuck.   if you require assistance or accommodation with our online application process, you may schedule an appointment  at (502) 852 6542 with employment services at the human resources office, located at 1980 arthur street, louisville,  ky 40208. the university of louisville is a nationally recognized research university located in the largest  metropolitan area of kentucky. if you are an individual with a disability and need reasonable accommodations to  participate in the hiring process, please contact the employment office at (502) 852 6538. the university of louisville  is an affirmative action, equal opportunity, americans with disabilities employer,  committed to diversity  and, in that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. u of louisville