the university of north carolina at charlotte (  professor of english  specializing in world or postcolonial literature, with an interest in new media, broadly  defined. the appointment is a 9 month tenure track position beginning august 2013. required qualifications: ph.d. in english  with a specialization in world or postcolonial literature, or a related field;  research and or teaching interests in new media broadly defined, including but not limited to digital technologies,  visual culture, film studies, or digital archives; evidence of strong potential for professional development as a  scholar; evidence of potential for successful university teaching; and a commitment to promoting diversity in the  department and college. this position is one of five in the college this year that entails expertise in new media or digital technologies. unc  charlotte is a dynamic, research intensive university, located in a thriving metropolitan area, with a student population  of 26,000+ and more than 900 full time faculty. the department of english,  with 32 tenure line faculty,  NA writing, professional technical writing, and linguistics. for consideration, please apply online at   letters of reference, unofficial transcript, and a writing sample of approximately 20 pages. screening of applicants  will begin november 5, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. we plan to conduct interviews at the  mla convention. please direct inquiries to the chair of the search committee, dr. lara vetter (lvetter@ uncc .edu). unc charlotte strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained.  therefore, we celebrate diversity that includes, but is not limited to ability disability, age, culture, ethnicity,  gender, language, race, religion, sexual orientation, and socio economic status. in compliance with north carolina  law, applicants are subject to criminal background checks. aa eoe. [r]  u of north carolina, charlotte english,  9201 university city blvd charlotte nc 28223