the department of english  at the college of new jersey is seeking applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor  of postcolonial literature with expertise in a broad range of world literatures in english.  ability to teach courses in  british literature is desirable. the english  undergraduate and m.a. programs offer opportunities to teach and develop  courses at all levels of the curriculum. standard teaching assignment is 3/3 with opportunity for release time. requirements: ph.d. at time of employment (august 2013), teaching experience, and demonstrated potential for  outstanding scholarship. contact information applications will be accepted until the position is filled, but applications must be received by november 1 to  guarantee full consideration for possible interviews at the mla convention. applicants should email a letter of  NA should also arrange for three current letters of recommendation to be sent to the same address. all emails should  have postcolonial search and the applicant's name in the subject line. any materials sent as hard copy should be  addressed to: search committee, department of english,  the college of new jersey, p.o. box 7718, ewing, nj  08628-0718. founded in 1855, tcnj is a highly selective institution that has earned national recognition for its commitment to  NA NA kind in the northern region of the country. the college also offers focused graduate programs in nursing, education,  and english.  tcnj was awarded, in 2006, a phi beta kappa chapter-an honor shared by less than 10 percent  of colleges and universities nationally. a strong liberal arts core forms the foundation for programs offered through  NA nursing, health, and exercise science; and science. tcnj faculty members are teacher-scholars who share  a commitment to liberal learning. tcnj is located within an hour, by train, of new york city and philadelphia.  NA beauty. tcnj has 39 major buildings, including the 4th-best college library in the nation, according to the princeton  review. for more information, visit www .tcnj .edu. to enrich education through diversity, the college of new jersey is an equal opportunity employer.  the college  has a strong commitment to achieving diversity among faculty and staff, and strongly encourages women and  members of underrepresented groups to apply. employment is contingent upon completion of a successful background check. montclair su english,  dickson hall 468 montclair nj 07043