design and teach upper-division and graduate courses in contemporary british literature. a secondary interest in  diaspora, post-colonial, and/or transnational perspectives is desirable, as is an ability to contribute to other areas of  the departmental curriculum. design and teach lower-division survey courses in british literature or composition.  advise undergraduate and graduate students. continuing scholarly activity and active participation in departmental  and university-wide professional activities are expected.  required minimum qualifications: ph. d. in english  with a specialization in british literature by august 2013. college teaching experience. applicants  should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and to working in a multicultural environment  that fosters diversity. they should also have the ability to use technology effectively in teaching and learning,  the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher education. preferred qualifications: applicants with a record of scholarly publication are preferred. bridgewater state university is committed to student and faculty success, and that commitment includes maintaining  small class sizes and offering opportunities for undergraduate research with faculty members. applicants should  be able to demonstrate strong commitment to working with a diverse student body, including first-generation college  students, students of color, and those from families with modest means. special instructions to applicants: please attach the following documents to your on-line application: -cv -letter of intent three references should be included on the cv. position will remain open until filled. resumes received by november 1, 2012 will receive priority. salary: commensurate with qualifications and experience to apply: interested applicants should apply online at http:// jobs .bridgew .edu bridgewater state university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer  which actively seeks to increase  the diversity of its workforce. [r] bridgewater su