the department of english  and drama at the university of toronto mississauga (utm) invites applications for a  full-time teaching-stream position at the rank of lecturer in english  literature, starting on july 1, 2013. we are  looking for an enthusiastic colleague interested in building a long-term teaching career, with a background in british  literature (early modern to twentieth-century)  and with scholarly and teaching interests including, but not limited  to, literary history and/or theory, narratology, and/or poetics. applicants must hold a ph.d. in english  and be prepared to teach major lecture-based survey courses in british literary  history and large introductory classes for first-year students as well as smaller, seminar-style courses for upper- year students. a strong doctoral record is required, as is a proven record of pedagogical excellence. the successful  candidate will be expected to maintain an active interest in new developments in the field, teach a course at the  undergraduate level, help shape future developments of our curriculum, and contribute to the administrative and  intellectual life of the department. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. appointments at the rank of lecturer may be renewed annually to a maximum of five years. in the fifth year of  service, lecturers shall be reviewed and a recommendation made with respect to promotion to the rank of senior  lecturer. success in promotion depends on achieving excellence in teaching and promise of continued professional  development. utm is part of the tri-campus university of toronto, a research-intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary  commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of  the largest library systems in north america. the university offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and  live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by following the link available at https:// utoronto .taleo .net/ careersection/ jobdetail .ftl?job=157441 all qualified candidates are invited to apply by clicking on the link above. applications should include a cover letter,  curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (highlighting all significant pedagogical accomplishments and including a  statement of teaching philosophy), and one writing sample of scholarly work of not more than 25 pages. if you  have questions about this position, please contact holger .syme@ utoronto.ca. all application materials should be  submitted online. the u of t application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate  profile; please combine attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be  found at http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply. applicants should also arrange for graduate transcripts and at least three letters of reference (or a dossier) to be sent  via email (on letterhead, signed, and scanned) directly to the department, at edassist .utm@ utoronto.ca. the deadline  for applications is december 1, 2012. for further information on the utm department of english  and drama and on the tri-campus graduate department  of english,  see http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/english- drama/ and http:// www .english  .utoronto .ca/. [r] u of toronto, mississauga english 