job field: tenure stream faculty /division: faculty of arts and science campus: st. george (downtown toronto) job closing: oct 31, 2012  the faculty of arts and science, university of toronto invites applications and nominations for the avie bennett  chair in canadian literature. this is an endowed chair and a tenured appointment in the department of english  at  the level of associate or full professor. the endowed chair appointment is for a five-year term, with the possibility  of renewal for another five-year term following a favorable review. the appointment will be effective july 1, 2013. the role of the chair will significantly contribute to the body of scholarship in the field of canadian literature.  the successful incumbent will demonstrate a deep commitment to producing the highest quality scholarship on  canadian literature, engaging the canadian literary community and building a strong public profile as a leading  authority on canadian literature on behalf of the university. the incumbent will forge critical links between  scholars of canadian literature at the university of toronto and their counterparts at universities and specialized  institutions across canada and abroad who are dedicated to fostering knowledge of the field. candidates are required  to have a phd. the department of english,  st george campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a  department that is committed to studying the literatures of english  in both their historical depth and their geographical  range. situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the department reflects that diversity in  its approach to english  as a world language. the department is committed to excellence in teaching and research.  candidates must display evidence of excellence in these areas. salary will be commensurate with qualifications and  experience. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. see job # 1200430. applications  should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy),  a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. if you have  questions about this position, please contact chair .english@  utoronto.ca. all application materials should be submitted  online. the uoft application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine  attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format. submission guidelines can be found at: http://  uoft.me/how-to-apply. applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair .english@  utoronto.ca by the closing date, october 31, 2012. for more information about the department of english,  please visit our home page. the university of toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications  from visible minority group members, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of  sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, canadians and permanent residents will be given priority.  [r] u of toronto english, 