 illinois state university seeks an assistant professor in technical communication with research and teaching expertise  in one or more of the following areas: cultural studies; digital rhetorics; international/ transnational technical  communication; social justice; usability studies. the selected candidate will join an internationally recognized  english  studies faculty; participate in delivering well-established undergraduate and graduate concentrations in  technical & professional communication and rhetoric & composition; and help to further develop our focus in international/  intercultural technical communication as part of a departmental commitment to global studies. phd  required by time of appointment. 2/3 teaching load; competitive salary. candidates are expected to have: NA NA NA we additionally welcome candidates with interest and/or experience in any of the following: technical communication  in the workplace; web application development and design; teaching online or hybrid technical communication  courses. please send letter of application, c.v., and writing sample to chair of technical communication search committee,  department of english,  illinois state university, normal, il 61701-4240. also send three letters of recommendation  mailed by the recommenders or dossier service. applications may also be submitted electronically to  the technical communication search committee c/o jeanne merkle (djmerkl@ ilstu .edu). review of applications  will begin november 1 and continue until position is filled. interviews will be conducted via skype or phone. the  successful applicant must be legally authorized to work in the united states by august 15, 2013. the appointment  begins august 16, 2013. the isu english  department emphasizes an english  studies model in its undergraduate, ma, and phd programs,  NA education, linguistics,  literary and cultural studies, publishing studies, rhetoric, tesol, and technical communication. our  department faculty and graduate students are a community of diverse scholars who value collaborative and interdisciplinary  work. for additional information about isu and our department, please consult english  .illinoisstate .edu. illinois state university is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer,  encouraging diversity. [r] northwestern u english, 