the english  department at the university of connecticut, storrs campus, invites applicaitons for a ft (9-mo) tenure- track position at assistant professor level, with a specialty in world literature in english  and a strong interest in  digital humanities, to start fall 2013. minimum qualifications: ph.d. in english  or other appropriate field; expertise  in world literature in english  and digital humanities; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship  and effective scholarship and mentoring at the graduate/ undergraduate levels; and evidence of engagement  in institutional and/or professional service. preferred qualifications: focus on emerging digital publishing media/  venues in post-colonial societies; ability to teach and conduct research in one or more historical periods of british or  american literature; publication(s) in national/ international journals; and the ability to contribute through research,  teaching, and/or public engagement to the diversity and excellence of the learning experience. equivalent foreign  degrees acceptable. selected candidate will teach upper-division courses and graduate seminars in her or his field(s)  of expertise, as well as occasional survey/ general education courses, and, in concert with other new departmental  hires and with uconn's digital media center, help us develop significant digital components in our research,  teaching and public programming. appointment is at storrs campus with possibility of work at regional campuses.  salary is competitive based on qualifications. visit us at www .english  .uconn .edu and www .dmc .uconn .edu. apply to husky hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by submitting your cover letter, cv, evidence of teaching experience,  NA interim head, department of english,  world lit search, 215 glenbrook road, unit 4025, university of connecticut,  storrs, ct 06269-4025. screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is filled.  the univeristy of connecticut is an eeo/aa employer. u of connecticut english, 