NA at christopher newport  university seeks one assistant professor in rhetoric and composition to teach lower and upper-level writing  courses and contribute to the ongoing development of the curriculum and courses in composition. successful  candidates will demonstrate excellence in the teaching of writing and a developing scholarly agenda and a relevant  research specialty. preference will be given to candidates with specialties in rhetorical theory, digital rhetoric, medical  NA 19, 2013 is required for appointment at rank of assistant professor. abd candidates will be appointed at rank  of lecturer until the degree is in hand. cnu has a vibrant department of english  that offers concentrations in literature and writing. successful candidates  NA agenda and commitment to taking an active part in the life and work of the department and university. located between historic colonial williamsburg and the ocean resort of virginia beach, cnu is committed to  outstanding teaching and learning, undergraduate education, and the liberal studies core; the university will soon  seek to shelter a phi beta kappa chapter. the fall 2012 freshman class of approximately 1,375 students was selected  NA NA nurturing mind, body, and spirit. these include the state-of-the-art trible library, home to the most comprehensive  maritime research collections in the world; three new academic buildings including a newly opened integrated  science building; the freeman center athletic complex; and the i.m. pei-designed ferguson center for the arts,  which brings to virginia the finest performing artists in the world. our faculty enjoy an atmosphere of collegiality and mutual respect that rewards outstanding teaching and fosters  active intellectual and creative engagement. cnu faculty are productive scholars and researchers, supported  by professional development funds. faculty and administrators regularly consult and collaborate as the university  works to sustain a culture of scholarly inquiry, informed debate, and civic action that enriches students, faculty,  and the surrounding community. the result is a supportive and cohesive academic setting in which the university  cultivates and carries forward its mission. competitive salary with excellent health and retirement benefits and a  well-designed family leave policy further enhance the cnu workplace. for further information on cnu, please  visit our website at http:// www .cnu .edu. applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, undergraduate and graduate transcripts (photocopies  acceptable for initial screening), a statement of teaching philosophy, statement of research interests, and three  letters of reference to: director of eo and faculty recruitment english  (rhetoric and composition) faculty search search #8408 christopher newport university 1 avenue of the arts newport news, va 23606-3072  review of applications begins november 15, 2012. applications received after november 15, 2012, will be accepted but considered only if needed. search finalists are required to complete a cnu sponsored background check. cnu, an eoe, is fully committed to access and opportunity. [r] james madison u english, 