the department of english  and drama at the university of toronto mississauga (utm) invites applications for a  tenure-stream position at the rank of assistant professor in sixteenth-century  and early seventeenth-century  english  literature, starting on july 1, 2013. we would be particularly interested in colleagues with research interests  including, but not limited to, book history, poetics, queer studies, and/or tudor studies. applicants must hold a ph.d. in english  and be prepared to teach early modern literature of all genres, with a  particular focus on poetry and prose. clear evidence of excellence in both research and teaching is required; a  significant publication record would be advantageous. the successful candidate will also become a full member of  the graduate department of english,  NA t scarborough, and u of t st. george). duties will consist of research; the supervision of phd dissertations; and  teaching undergraduate courses at the mississauga campus and graduate classes at the st. george campus. salary  will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. utm is part of the tri-campus university of toronto, a research-intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary  commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of  the largest library systems in north america. the university offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and  live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. all qualified candidates are invited to apply by following the link available at  https:// utoronto .taleo .net/ careersection/ jobdetail .ftl?job=157341 applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching  philosophy), a statement outlining current and future research interests, and one writing sample of scholarly work  of not more than 25 pages. if you have questions about this position, please contact holger .syme@ utoronto.ca. all  application materials should be submitted online. the u of t application system can accommodate up to five attachments  (10 mb) per candidate profile; please combine attachments into one or two files in pdf/ms word format.  submission guidelines can be found at http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply. applicants should also arrange for graduate transcripts and at least three letters of reference (or a dossier) to be sent  via email (on letterhead, signed, and scanned) directly to the department, at edassist .utm@ utoronto.ca. the deadline  for applications is november 2, 2012. for further information on the utm department of english  and drama and on the tri-campus graduate department  of english,  see http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/english- drama/ and http:// www .english  .utoronto .ca/. [r] u of waterloo english, 