the graduate school for east and southeast european studies invites applications for 4 doctoral positions (according  to the german tv-l). these positions are available from november 1st 2012 for two years initially. subject to  evidence of satisfactory progress at the end of this period, the positions will be extended for a maximum of eighteen  months. the new graduate school for east and southeast european studies is a cooperative venture organized by the ludwig- NA deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft (dfg) as part of the german excellence initiative from november 2012 until  october 2017. research at the graduate school will be conducted in three broad, interdisciplinary fields: -origins and forms of social and political change -cultural systems -infrastructure, migration and transfer of knowledge research at the graduate school especially focuses on interrelations and interdependencies between east and  southeast europe and other regions of the world. a lively interest in interdisciplinary research questions and sensitivity  for transnational and spatial perspectives are therefore expected. in the context of its primary focus on east and southeast europe, the graduate school draws on the following disciplines:  history, literary and language studies, art history, theater studies, political sciences and law. in the  NA by insights from chinese, japanese and north american studies. in an international working environment the graduate school offers ideal conditions for the realization of excellent  research projects in the humanities as well as in social and legal studies which focus on east and southeast  europe, and the interconnection of this region with other regions of the world. residential obligation in munich  or regensburg, two cities noted for very high quality of living, is stipulated. for further information see: http:// areastudies-osteuropa.de the doctoral positions are available for a period of two years with the option of extension for another eighteen  months. remuneration is based on grade e 13 tv-l (65%) of the german public service salary scale. the teaching  obligation amounts to two spw. the graduate school is committed to equal opportunity and to the compatibility of family and career. it therefore  explicitly encourages applications from women. as an international research institution, the school particularly  welcomes applications from abroad. applicants with disabilities possessing essentially equivalent qualifications will  receive preferential consideration. please submit your application with the appropriate documents (curriculum vitae, publication record if applicable,  certificate of eligibility for admission to university and degree certificates), the names of two referees and a research  proposal of 4 to 6 pages by september 30th 2012 to  http:// areastudies-osteuropa.de for more information please contact: prof. dr. martin schulze wessel martin .schulzewessel@ lrz .uni-muenchen.de NA prof. dr. ulf brunnbauer brunnbauer@ ios-regensburg.de NA new york u, abu dhabi