the underwood international college of yonsei university invites applications for 10 two-year renewable underwood  teaching fellowships with rank of assistant professor. all teaching will be at the international campus in  songdo, incheon, located within the greater seoul metropolitan region. successful candidates will be principally  responsible for conducting discussion sections in the first-year humanities curriculum, but will also have the opportunity  to teach small writing-intensive seminars on subjects of their choosing and other core courses within  the common curriculum depending on area of expertise. candidates should have a ph.d. in literature, history  (including history of science), philosophy, classics, art history, rhetoric, or other humanistic disciplines, with a  specialization  in either eastern or western traditions, have strong research credentials, and be firmly committed to  liberal-arts undergraduate education. applicants must have degree in hand by beginning of appointment. applicants  must either be non-korean citizens, or have completed all post-secondary education outside of korea. NA includes competitive salary, health insurance and other benefits. qualified candidates may have the option of serving  as residential advisors, receiving fully-subsidized housing. the starting date is either march or september 2013. yonsei university's underwood international college is a highly competitive program at south korea's most prestigious  private university, and combines the intimate atmosphere and low student-faculty ratio of a liberal arts college  with the resources of a major research university. all instruction is in english,  and the student body represents  over 40 different countries. interested applicants should submit a letter of application, dissertation abstract, c.v. and a statement of teaching philosophy  before nov. 15th by email: (uic@ yonsei.ac.kr). short-listed candidates will be asked to submit 3 letters of  recommendation, a writing sample, a sample syllabus for a first-year seminar, and teaching portfolio. for additional  information, please contact prof. anthony adler (aadler@ yonsei.ac.kr). prospective applicants are also encouraged  to look at our website at http:// uic .yonsei.ac.kr. [r]  postdoctoral listings brandeis u english, 