the english  department at michigan state university invites applications for a tenure-system position at the rank  of assistant professor in medieval studies with cross-field strengths in early modern studies. the successful candidate  will be appointed on an academic year basis and will engage in an active program of teaching (normally, two  courses per semester), research and service, including teaching in the college of arts and letters' general education   program in the interdisciplinary arts and humanities. requirements: the ph.d. completed and in hand by the appointment  date of august 16th, 2013, with specialization in medieval literature and culture and with research and  teaching interests that will connect in dynamic ways with departmental strengths in early modern studies, which  include trans-cultural and global studies, postcolonial studies, visual culture, and digital humanities. additional  desired qualifications include an engagement with trans-cultural and comparative perspectives; non-european traditions  as well as english/ continental interactions and exchanges such european-islamic encounters, translation  theories and practices; gender studies and global medievalisms. candidates must show promise of strong scholarship  and publication, a commitment to excellence in teaching, and the desire to work collaboratively with faculty  in early modern studies and in wider ranging fields within the department and the college of arts and letters.  the review of applications will begin on october 11, 2011 and continue until the position is filled; application  NA NA writing sample (maximum 40 pages) via e-mail attachment directoy, to sue ann plesko, assistant to the english  department chairperson, at plesko@ msu .edu. questions can be directed to the search committee chair, professor  jyotsna singh, at jsingh@ msu .edu..................................................................................... persons with disabilities have the right to request and receive reasonable accommodation.  msu is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  msu is committed to achieving excellence  through cultural diversity. the university actively encourages applications and/or nominations of women, persons  of color, veterans and person with disabilities. [r] northern michigan u english, 