the department of writing and rhetoric is searching for a tenured or tenure-earning assistant or associate professor  in rhetoric and composition, specialization(s) open. applicants must have a ph.d. in rhetoric and composition  or a related field from an accredited institution by the time of hire and experience teaching writing at  the college level. the preferred candidate will demonstrate an ability to contribute to our growing undergraduate  minor and ma programs, as well as help develop and market our potential ba in writing and rhetoric. although both assistant and associate professors will be considered, applicants with tenure at their current institutions  will be given preference. preferred candidates will also have a demonstrated excellence in the teaching of  writing; a strong record of scholarship relevant to the mission of a freestanding writing and rhetoric department;  experience advising undergraduate and graduate students; and administrative experience related to degree programs,  composition programs, or other writing-related programs. NA will typically include first-year writing courses, small sections of honors composition, new upper- division courses in writing and rhetoric studies, and rotating graduate courses.  the department of writing and rhetoric employs 10 tenure-line rhetoric and composition faculty members and  29 instructors in its ongoing efforts to build a flagship writing program that includes an undergraduate minor and  certificate, an ma, a graduate certificate, the university writing center, and the writing across the curriculum  program. the targeted start date is august 8, 2013. the university requires that all applicants must apply online at http://  www .jobswithucf .com (position number 33146). please attach the following documents at the time of application:  cover letter, curriculum vitae, and list of three references with contact information. at a later date, candidates may  be asked to submit a writing sample and teaching portfolio. the selected candidate will be required to provide official  transcripts. the university of central florida is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. note: please have all documents ready when applying so they can be attached at that time. once the online submission  process is finalized, the system does not allow applicants to submit additional documents. for more information, contact elizabeth wardle, department chair at ewardle@ ucf .edu or see http://  writingandrhetoric .cah .ucf .edu. the committee will begin reviewing applications on november 9, 2012. this position is open until filled. [r] u of south florida english, 