the university of washington tacoma invites applications for a full time tenure-track assistant professor in interdisciplinary  arts & sciences (ias). the successful candidate will be an intellectually expansive scholar interested in  interdisciplinary work, with an active research agenda and teaching expertise in technical and/or professional communication.  areas of research specialization include, but are not limited to workplace or community communication,  information design and usability, digital media, rhetoric of science and technology, environmental rhetoric,  and/or healthcare communication. we welcome applicants representing diverse perspectives and approaches. industry  experience is also welcomed. the successful candidate will contribute to scholarship, teaching, curriculum development, and leadership in the  technical/professional track of a newly-formed writing studies major. s/he will also contribute to the success of  NA outreach, new pedagogical techniques and technologies for teaching and learning, and a variety of other ias and  campus-wide and campus initiatives. teaching responsibilities include upper division technical and professional  communication courses, lower division courses including academic writing, and potential opportunities to teach in  NA ias offers a range of innovative interdisciplinary majors. we welcome applicants representing diverse perspectives  and approaches. one of three university of washington campuses, uwt is located in new and historic facilities  in downtown tacoma and serves students of a wide range of ages and backgrounds in the south puget sound region.  the south sound is a beautiful place to live with outstanding opportunities for both cultural and recreational  activities. it also has vibrant business and nonprofit communities including organizations like the world-renowned  museum of glass, tacoma art museum, amazon, boeing, microsoft, nordstrom, realnetworks, starbucks, weyerhaeuser,  the port of tacoma, and more. for more information on uwt, visit us at https:// www .tacoma .uw .edu. to apply, please submit: 1) a letter delineating your interests and qualifications, a description of research projects  underway, your teaching experience, and previous activities mentoring minorities and/or advancing minorities,  women, or members of other under-represented groups, 2) your curriculum vitae, including a list of courses taught,  3) a statement of your teaching philosophy with the emphasis on your approaches to teaching both technical/professional  writing and academic writing, 4) an article-length writing sample, 5) evidence of teaching effectiveness,  and 6) three letters of reference. submit all application materials through https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/  2159. application materials, including letters of recommendation received via email will not be considered. the position begins september 16, 2013 and requires, at the time of appointment, a ph.d. in technical and professional  communication or a related field, and is contingent on funding. screening of applicants will begin on november  13, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. for further information, contact dr. anne beaufort,  search chair, at beaufort@ uw .edu. the university of washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer.  the university is building a  culturally diverse faculty and staff and strongly encourages applications from women, racial/ethnic minority group  members, individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans. all university of washington tacoma faculty engage  in teaching, research and service. [r]  whitworth u