NA a free-standing academic program related to the development of writing ability as well as to disciplinary inquiry  in the fields of rhetoric and composition. the position starts july 1, 2013. successful applicants will hold a doctoral degree in rhetoric and composition or related field, have an active research  program in rhetoric and composition, have experience administering a writing program, have publications  commensurate with a senior scholar at the associate or full-professor level, and have teaching experience at both  the undergraduate and graduate levels. the director will hold a faculty line in the department of english  and will  serve a 3-year renewable term in the program.  NA requirement (first-year writing); the writing resources center, a campus-wide tutorial resource for writers; and  NA serves 3,600 students a semester in first-year writing as well as hundreds more students, graduate and undergraduate,  in the writing resources center. the writing project, led by a tenure-line faculty member, serves hundreds of  k-12 teachers each year. to learn more about this program, visit our web site at http:// writing .uncc .edu/. the university of north carolina at charlotte is a dynamic, research-intensive university, located in a thriving  metropolitan area, with a student population of 26,000+ and more than 900 full-time faculty. the search committee will begin reviewing applications on november 15, 2012. the position will remain open  until filled. interested candidates should apply online at https:// jobs .uncc .edu with a letter of application, a current  cv, a statement of teaching philosophy, and names and contact information for three references. candidates invited to interview will be asked to provide three original letters of recommendation (submitted online  or mailed) addressed to: dr. mark i. west, chair, department of english,  unc charlotte, 9201 university  city blvd., charlotte, nc 28223. interview candidates will also be asked to provide an official transcript from their  academic institution addressed to dr. nancy gutierrez, dean, college of liberal arts and sciences, same address. applicants are subject to criminal background checks. women and individuals from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. unc charlotte strives to create an  academic climate in which the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained. therefore, we celebrate diversity  that includes but is not limited to ability/disability, age, culture, ethnicity, gender, language, race, religion,  sexual orientation, and socio-economic status. aa/eoe [r] u of north carolina, charlotte english,  9201 university city blvd charlotte nc 28223