NA NA integrating academic excellence and christian commitment within a caring community. baylor is actively recruiting  new faculty with a strong commitment to the classroom and an equally strong commitment to discovering new  knowledge as baylor aspires to become a top tier research university while reaffirming and strengthening its distinctive  christian mission as described in baylor pro futuris (www .baylor .edu/ vision/). baylor seeks to fill the following tenure-track faculty position within the honors college: assistant professor candidates should possess an earned doctorate in either communication (specialization in rhetorical criticism  and theory) or english  (significant work in rhetoric and composition). within these areas of specialization successful  candidates will have areas of concentration that will allow them teach in one or more of the following  courses within the baylor interdisciplinary core: world cultures i, social world i, world cultures iii, and/or  world cultures iv (course descriptions available here: http:// www .baylor .edu/ bic/ index .php?id=21594) . you will  be asked to provide a letter of interest; curriculum vitae; transcripts from your undergraduate and graduate institutions  and a list of three references in the application process. the letter of interest, in addition to specifying research  NA you should also indicate why you wish to teach and work in an interdisciplinary program. salary is commensurate  with experience and qualifications. to learn more about the above position, the honors college, and baylor university, please visit the appropriate  url: http:// www .baylor .edu/ hr_ services/ index .php?id=49681; http:// www .baylor .edu/ honors_ college/; or www  .baylor .edu. baylor is a baptist university affiliated with the baptist general convention of texas. as an affirmative action/ equal employment opportunity employer,  baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities  to apply. rice u english, 