the english  department at wake forest university is searching for a tenure-track assistant professor in renaissance  literature to begin in july 2013 with emphasis on non-dramatic poetry in the elizabethan, jacobean, and  possibly caroline periods. candidates should have a record of excellence in teaching and research and a strong  commitment to both. ph.d. or abd required. teaching load is 9 courses over two years, with courses ranging  from small first-year writing seminars to advanced electives and ma-level courses. salary competitive. for information  about the department of english,  go to www .wfu .edu/ english. wake forest university is a private, coeducational institution dedicated to academic excellence in liberal arts, graduate  and professional education. founded in 1834, the university is ranked among the top thirty national universities.  wake forest is a collegiate university offering a vibrant intellectual community with a rich cultural life, an  impressive array of facilities and an active athletics community. the university has a deep institutional commitment  NA about the university, go to http:// www .wfu .edu/ visitors/ quickfacts .html. applicants should apply on-line at https:// wakejobs .silkroad .com, a cover letter should be addressed to dr. scott  klein, chair, department of english.  also submit on-line your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a writing  sample, preferably published and of article length. confidential letters of recommendation must be sent via  email by the recommender or dossier service to english@  wfu .edu. applications and other materials must be submitted  no later than october 22 at 5:00 pm. eoe/aa questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ wfu .edu. questions about the position may  be addressed to english@  wfu .edu. wake forest university welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applicants with demonstrated success in  working with diverse populations. wake forest seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the  excellence of the university, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and  learning. [r] western carolina u english, 