MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION

Job

Information

List

English Language Edition • October 2012

Contents

Information for Candidates............................................................. i

Sources of Information for Job Candidates in English.................... iii

Advice to Search Committee Members and 
Job Seekers on Faculty Recruitment and Hiring............................ v

Checklist for Job Seekers............................................................. viii

Dos and Don’ts for MLA Convention Interviews............................. x

List of Administrations Censured by the AAUP ............................ xii

MLA Statement on the Use of Part-Time and Full-Time 
Adjunct Faculty Members......................................................... xiv

Departmental Job Listings

US Colleges and Universities................................................................ 1

Canadian Institutions....................................................................... 122

Overseas Institutions......................................................................... 133

Postdoctoral Listings......................................................................... 141

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English



i MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST • ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2012

Information for Candidates

The October List contains information on vacancies from departments of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics in US and 
Canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List

US and Canadian Departments

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, contains information on definite or possible 
vacancies, comments on notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position has been filled), 
and notices from departments that expect no vacancies but would nevertheless like to keep résumés on file.

Read through this section item by item to see which departments would welcome your letter of application or inquiry 
at this time. Send letters 
only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your qualifications. If a notice states 
that no vacancies are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you 
must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write.

General Advice for Candidates

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and other material) is ready to be sent out by your 
placement bureau to any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita sheet to enclose with 
any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter of application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be 
interviewed at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide a convenient opportunity for such interviews 
(see list of upcoming meetings below).

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. 
Surveys indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language departments have begun recruiting by the 
end of December and that the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting process until spring, in some 
cases until summer.

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her search for a new position to a particular geographical 
area or kind of institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small colleges where one often 
has the opportunity to teach a wide selection of courses to students of varied backgrounds.

Notice on Tenure Policies

The Modern Language Association recommends that department administrators and their representatives inform 
candidates before or during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position under consideration 
and about the tenure policies and practices in their departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, 
candidates are urged to inquire about these policies.

Acknowledgment of Applications

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy 
calling for departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions.

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly in December 1999 and approved by the MLA 
Executive Council in February 2000.

It is MLA policy that:

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application materials by express carrier reimburse those 
applicants for the cost of such shipment; and



ii MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST • ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2012

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and other application materials from job applicants 
reimburse applicants for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other materials; and

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; and

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews reimburse those applicants who accept such 
invitations for the costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the campus for interviews.

Professional Meetings

In addition to the MLA convention (3–6 January 2013, Boston), candidates in English, foreign languages, comparative 
literature, and linguistics may be interested in the following regional meetings.

Midwest Modern Language Association (MMLA)

8–11 November 2012

Hilton Cincinnati Netherland Plaza

 English, Loyola Univ. Chicago, 1032 West Sheridan Road, Chicago, IL 60660 
(773 508-6083; fax: 773 508-6062; mmla@luc.edu)

Northeast Modern Language Association (NEMLA)

21–24 March 2013

Hyatt Regency Boston, Boston, MA

Inquiries northeast.mla@gmail.com

Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA)

19–21 October 2012

Seattle University, Seattle, WA

Inquiries Craig Svonkin (svonkin@netzero.com)

Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association (RMMLA)

11–13 October 2012

Millennium Harvest House, Boulder, CO

Inquiries Secretariat at Washington State Univ., Vancouver 98686 (rmmla@wsu.edu)

South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA)

8–11 November 2012

Sheraton Imperial Hotel, Durham, NC

Inquiries SAMLA, Dept. of English, GCB923, Georgia State Univ., Atlanta 
30303 (404 413-5817; samla@gsu.edu)

South Central Modern Language Association (SCMLA)

8–10 November 2012

Sheraton Gunter Hotel, San Antonio, TX

Inquiries Nancy La Greca, Executive Director, Univ. of Oklahoma, 332 Cate Center Dr., Room 454, Norman 73019 
(405 325-1546; fax: 405 325-3720; lagreca@ou.edu)



Sources of Information

for Job Candidates in English

Prepared by Susan Belasco Smith, University of Tulsa

For General Advice and Background Reading

Bay, Libby. “Teaching in the Community College: Rerouting a Career.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 27–29.

Deneef, A. Leigh, Craufurd D. Goodwin, and Ellen Stern McCrate, eds. The Academic’s Handbook. Durham: Duke UP, 
1988.

Dubrow, Heather. “A World Elsewhere: Teaching in a Liberal Arts College.” ADE Bulletin 103 (1992): 38–44.

Green, Eleanor. “The Job Search: Observations of a Reader of 177 Letters of Application.” ADE Bulletin 113 (1996): 
50–52.

Gregory, Marshall. “From PhD Program to BA College; or, The Sometimes Hard Journey from Life in the Carrel to 
Life in the World.” ADE Bulletin 107 (1994): 20–24.

Hanawalt, Jean Allen, and Thomas Trzyna. “Applying to Teach at a Christian College.” ADE Bulletin 79 (1984): 46–47.

Malek, James S. “Caveat Emptor; or, How Not to Get Hired at DePaul.” 
ADE Bulletin 92 (1989): 33–36.

Mangum, Teresa. “Identity and Economics; or, The Job Placement Procedural.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 19–24. For an 
additional bibliography on the job search, see Mangum’s Selected List of Works Consulted (23–24).

Showalter, English, et al. The MLA Guide to the Job Search. 1985. Rev. ed. New York: MLA, 1996.

Sledge, Linda Ching. “The Community College Scholar.” ADE Bulletin 83 (1986): 9–11.

Thomas, Trudelle. “Demystifying the Job Search: A Guide for Candidates.” CCC 40 (1989): 312–27.

Timmerman, John H. “Advice to Candidates.” College English 50 (1988): 748–51.

See also “Special Topic on the Job Market,” Profession 94 (New York: MLA, 1994) 57–105, for a collection of essays 
by Erik D. Curren, 
Marta Caminero-Santangelo, Lydia Belatèche, Linda M. Lemiesz, Judith 
Pascoe, Gordon 
Hutner, Robert C. Holub, and Bettina J. Huber; “Special Section: The Job Search in English,” ADE Bulletin 111 
(1995): 4–27; and “The MLA’s 1993–94 Survey of PhD Placement,” MLA Newsletter 27.4 (1995): 1–3 and ADE Bulletin 
112 (1995): 40–51.

For Job Openings

Chronicle of Higher Education. www.chronicle.com.

Inside Higher Ed. www.insidehighered.com.

MLA Job Information List. www.mla.org.

For Information about American Colleges and Universities

Atwell, Robert, and David Pierce, eds. American Community Colleges: A Guide. 10th ed. Phoenix: Oryx, 1995. A state-
by-state guide with extensive commentary on each institution.

Barron’s Profiles of American Colleges. 23rd ed. New York: Barron’s, 1998. Comprehensive, informative guide to four-year, 
accredited colleges; rates selectiveness of admissions.

Cass, James, and Max Birnbaum. Comparative Guide to American Colleges. 15th ed. New York: Harper, 1991. An alphabetical, 
narrative guide to four-year institutions.



The College Blue Book. 27th ed. 5 vols. New York: Macmillan, 1999. The most useful volume is Narrative Descriptions, a 
state-by-state listing of two- and four-year colleges, complete with maps.

Insider’s Guide to the Colleges, 2000: Students from Coast to Coast Tell What Their Colleges Are Really Like. Comp. Yale Daily 
News staff. 26th ed. New York: St. Martin’s, 1999. A sometimes irreverent alternative source of information on 300 
colleges.

For Foreign Colleges and Universities

Commonwealth Universities Yearbook

International Handbook of Universities

Both are published every three years in New York by Macmillan.



Advice to Search Committee Members and Job Seekers on

Faculty Recruitment and Hiring

Prepared by the MLA Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities

I. General Principles

1. Timely, accurate, and open communication between candidates and departments can ensure an atmosphere of 
collegiality, even when the job market is tight or institutional circumstances are uncertain. Departments help 
create such an atmosphere when they recognize how vulnerable candidates may feel during a job search; candidates 
help when they recognize that departments may be affected by institutional policies largely beyond their 
control. All parties involved in a job search should conduct themselves professionally.

2. All job candidates should be treated equitably. Departments should adhere to nondiscrimination and affirmative 
action guidelines, taking particular care not to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnic or national origin, religion, 
disability, age, gender, or sexual orientation. All parties need to respect principles of confidentiality.

II. Advertising and Initial Screening

1. Advertisements for an opening should be as specific as possible about the availability of the opening (definite, 
likely, or possible), the type of appointment (tenure-track or non-tenure-track), minimum degree requirements, 
field(s) of expertise, minimum teaching experience, and any other requirements or criteria.

2. Applicants should be allowed ample time to respond to advertisements of openings, and deadlines for applications 
should be specified whenever possible. Applications should be accepted for at least two weeks after the 
announced publication date for a given print issue of the (about 15 October, 15 November, 15 February, and 
15 April). In all cases the online edition of the is the most current and complete. After October some positions 
posted online may not appear in any print issue.

3. Applications submitted in response to announcements should be acknowledged promptly and courteously. Following 
the initial screening, all applicants should be informed of their status and the department’s projected 
timetable for making decisions about interviews at the MLA convention.

III. Preparing Applications

1. The candidate should prepare a dossier, including a letter of application, curriculum vitae, transcript(s), and letters 
of recommendation, by mid-September, when the becomes available for searching online. It is the candidate’s 
responsibility to make sure that all requested materials are supplied. 

2. For the purpose of initial screening, a letter of application and dossier should normally suffice. Candidates 
should realize that the application process can be costly. To save all parties time and money, the committee recommends 
that departments request writing samples and other material only after a preliminary list of candidates 
has been chosen.

IV. Setting Up MLA Interviews

1. Candidates should realize that the department advertising in the Job Information List normally expects candidates 
to attend the MLA convention for screening interviews. Candidates who do not attend the convention may 
therefore be at a disadvantage. In such cases a telephone interview may be an appropriate alternative. Departments 
and candidates should realize that convention attendance is generally the most efficient and least expensive 
way to conduct interviews. Departments should make every effort to be represented at the convention by at 
least one member of the search committee.

2. Departments need to be able to reach candidates quickly to schedule MLA convention interviews. Candidates, 
especially those who plan to travel during the holidays, should supply departments with complete itineraries 
including telephone numbers. Because of the expenses related to convention attendance, departments should 
notify all candidates, including those not invited for interviews, of their status as early as possible.



3. Candidates applying from outside North America should have a contact in the United States to receive mail 
and messages. Since few departments have resources to bring candidates to on-campus interviews from outside 
North America, candidates who reside abroad should determine arrangements for any on-campus interviews 
during MLA convention interviews.

4. Departments need to be sure candidates know where the interview is taking place. The Job Information Center 
is set up to provide this information. If you plan to conduct interviews in the Job Information Center, you must 
come to the center in person and be assigned a table in the interview area. If you are interviewing in a hotel 
room, remember that hotel switchboard personnel are not authorized to disclose room numbers. The Job Information 
Center will provide either a cell phone contact number or hotel room number to candidates with whom 
your department has set up appointments, as you direct. To take advantage of this service, you need to register 
information about the location for MLA convention interviews by logging in to your department’s listings at 
the MLA Web site and filling out the online convention interview location form. Information may be entered 
and updated at any time between 1 November and the dates of the convention. Departments scheduled to begin 
interviewing on the first afternoon of the convention may need to arrive the day before, to avoid missing appointments 
because of travel delays or delays in checking in to hotels.

5. Departments and candidates should plan realistically and adhere closely to schedules. When arranging interviews, 
candidates should leave as much time as possible between appointments, keeping in mind that they may 
have to deal with crowded elevators, slow meal service, or delayed shuttle buses. Departments should remember 
that interviews that run late may prevent candidates from keeping other appointments and that one instance of 
lateness can multiply into a whole series of missed or delayed interviews.

6. Whether held on or off campus, in person or by telephone, interviews should be conducted in a professional 
manner, permitting candidates adequate opportunity to explain and demonstrate their qualifications. Candidates 
and departments should review “Dos and Don’ts for Interviews,” revised in 2007 by CAFPRR and reprinted 
each October in the Job Information List.

7. Interviewers should make every effort to accommodate candidates with disabilities.

V. Interviewing on Campus

1. Departments inviting candidates for on-campus interviews should pay candidates’ expenses, following standard 
institutional policies for travel reimbursement. Candidates should be told approximately how many others are 
being invited for on-campus interviews.

2. On-campus interviews represent a large investment of time and money for departments; therefore, candidates 
should not accept on-campus interviews if they are not seriously interested in the position. Before traveling to 
a campus, candidates should thoroughly research the department’s faculty and programs. Candidates should 
determine whether a salary range and teaching load have been established for the position and should decide in 
advance what their own minimum requirements are. It is important that candidates also determine in advance 
whether their decisions may be influenced by special circumstances that should be communicated to the chair.

3. A department that invites a candidate to interview on its campus has an obligation to (a) arrange the logistics 
of the candidate’s stay (local transportation, lodging [including disability accommodations], meals); (b) set up 
interviews with faculty members and administrators; (c) accommodate candidates’ special needs; (d) provide a 
tour of the campus and its facilities; (e) provide adequate information about the department, the university, and 
the community; (f) plan social activities for the candidate; and (g) inform the candidate of the procedures and 
timetable for reimbursement.

4. Candidates and members of search committees should be aware that visits to a campus, meals and other social 
activities included, are all inherent parts of the interview and should be conducted accordingly.

5. Members of departments and search committees should not discuss other candidates with a visiting candidate.

VI. Negotiating an Offer

1. To minimize misunderstanding and anxiety during negotiations about offers, departments should establish 
ground rules in advance and let candidates know what these are before any offers are made. Departments should 
communicate with candidates regularly and openly about the status of the search process. All parties should be 
aware that, especially in times of fiscal uncertainty, circumstances beyond the institution’s control may delay or 
disrupt the hiring process.



2. No candidate should be required before 22 January to give a final answer to an offer of a position without tenure 
for the following academic year, however early an offer is tendered. A formal good faith offer is a written 
document on official letterhead from an authorized representative of the institution (e-mail transmission of offers 
is not recommended). This document should stipulate the terms of appointment. Candidates should be afforded 
a minimum of two weeks following receipt to accept or reject a formal offer.

The committee welcomes comments and suggestions from members. Direct correspondence to Staff Liaison, Committee on Academic 
Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, NY 10004-1789, or to 
nfurman@mla.org or dgoldberg@mla .org. Rev. March 2006.



Checklist for Job Seekers

The MLA Committee on Careers offers this checklist as an aid for first-time job seekers and as a guide for graduate departments about 
ways they can facilitate the placement of their graduates. As an association, the MLA has a vital interest in establishing procedures and 
practices that make the job search as effective and professional as possible.

Preparation

. Have you completed your dissertation? If not, do 
you have a realistic schedule for completing it? 

. Have you defined the kind(s) of institution(s) where 
you would like to teach? 

. Have you informed yourself about the job market? 
Have you consulted, for example, the Job Information 
List, the Chronicle of Higher Education, and the ADE 
Bulletin or ADFL Bulletin about the job situation? 

. Have you spoken to recently hired faculty members 
about their experiences in the job market? 

. Have you been realistic in defining the kinds of specialized 
courses you are qualified to teach? Have you 
articulated what you have to offer as a scholar and a 
teacher? What are the limits of the jobs for which 
you really qualify? 

. Have you spoken to one or more of the following 
persons about the job search: your department placement 
officer, your department graduate adviser, your 
dissertation adviser, your department placement 
committee, other faculty members who know you 
well and who have shown interest in your work? 

. Have you requested from your department or placement 
office standardized forms for your letters of 
recommendation? 

. Have you requested letters from three to five faculty 
members who feel positively about you and who 
know your course work, dissertation, and teaching? 

. Have you given your referees sufficient information 
about your record and at least several weeks to prepare 
their letters of recommendation? 

. Have you estimated the costs of the job search? Although 
costs will vary, it is reasonable to expect to 
spend at least $700 for travel, lodging, food, and 
incidentals when attending the MLA convention. 
Remember too that you may have duplicating and 
postage expenses, fees charged by the placement office 
for sending your dossier, and phone charges. Although 
you should expect to be reimbursed for travel 
to on-campus interviews, you will probably have to 
pay airfare in advance. It is a good idea to establish 
credit and acquire a credit card if possible. When 
you are called for an on-campus interview, be sure 
to ask whether your expenses will be reimbursed.

. Have you requested a mock interview? If your department 
does not regularly schedule mock interviews 
for job candidates, have you discussed with 
several faculty members the kinds of questions you 
can expect to be asked and issues to be discussed?

. Have you considered requesting disability-related 
accommodations to facilitate your interview?

The MLA Convention

. Have you planned your interview schedule for the 
MLA convention, making sure that you have allowed 
enough time to get from one hotel to another? 

. Do you have the information you need about the 
school and the department to which you have applied 
(e.g., course offerings, college and university 
requirements, faculty members)? 

. Have you reviewed the list of “dos and don’ts” for 
interviewees?

The On-Campus Interview

. Have you determined beforehand the schedule of 
your visit and the meetings you will be asked to take 
part in? Have you asked the department to add things 
to your itinerary (e.g., a tour of the library, a meeting 
with students) that were not originally scheduled? 

. Have you inquired in advance of your trip whether 
you will be reimbursed for expenses you incur for 
the on-campus interview? Have you done careful 
research beforehand about the faculty and curriculum 
of the school you will be visiting? 

. Will you be required to make a formal presentation 
to faculty and/or students while on campus? If so, 
have you carefully prepared this presentation? Are 
you prepared to discuss your dissertation in detail? 

. Have you received all the information you will 
need in order to make a decision if offered a job—
information about salary, fringe benefits, moving 
expenses, tenure policies, any other terms of the 
contract, and the amount of time you will have to 
consider the offer?



. Have you informed the department of any necessary 
disability-related 
accommodations to facilitate your 
interview?

After an Offer Is Made

. Are you well informed about the general financial 
health of the college or university, its enrollment 
trends, its support for the humanities, 
the distribution 
of majors, and the faculty members in your discipline?

. Are you clear about what your own teaching responsibilities 
will be? Do you know what your 
course load and approximate class sizes will be? 

. Do your research interests have a clear place in the 
department? Have you asked about support for your 
research, including the availability of grants, sabbatical 
and released time? 

. Do you know the criteria and procedures for tenure 
and promotion? 


. Do you have an informed opinion about the advantages 
and disadvantages of living in the city or town 
where the college or university is located? Have you 
asked, for example, about housing, the cost of living, 
cultural and social opportunities, local politics, 
and public schools? 

. You should not be required to respond before 
22 January to an offer of a position without tenure 
for the following academic year. If you receive 
an offer between 22 January and the middle of the 
summer, you should be allowed two weeks to make 
a decision. But once you have definitely made up 
your mind about an offer, you should accept or reject 
it immediately: keep in mind that other candidates 
will be affected by your decision. 

Things to Remember If You Don’t Get an Offer

. The hiring season is not over in January; only the 
first wave has passed by then. 

. While many offers are made in January, an offer in 
February does not necessarily mean that you are a 
second choice. It may mean that the department has 
had to wait a month to reconvene its search committee 
or receive final approval for funding. 

. You may be on the market too early. The department 
may not have been convinced that you will actually 
finish your dissertation by the time specified. 

. You may have pinned your hopes on too narrow a 
selection of schools. 

. You can still inquire about your status at places where 
you have interviewed. You may still be on their lists. 

. New jobs open up after the MLA convention. Keep 
reading the Job Information List through the summer 
supplement and consult the advertisements in the 
Chronicle of Higher Education and other professional 
publications. 

. There will be another job market next year. Start 
preparing for it now. The current search will have 
given you valuable experience.



Dos and Don’ts

for MLA Convention Interviews

by Herbert Lederer, University of Connecticut 
with revisions by the Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, 2007

The job interview is an event that has caused sufficient anxiety for both interviewer and interviewee to prompt a number of 
publications dealing with the topic. In recent years, concern about discrimination in the hiring process has led to a heightened awareness 
of the possibility of discriminatory intent in the questions asked by interviewers. In order to facilitate the conduct of interviews arranged 
through the MLA Job Information Service, guidelines have been developed for both interviewers and job candidates.

The Interviewer

Do

Schedule interviews at reasonable times and allow for 
adequate time.

Leave time between interviews to review dossiers and 
make postinterview notes.

Read all the information your department has requested 
in advance.

Ensure freedom from interruption (silence cell phones).

Be on time.

Ask candidate’s permission to take notes.

Introduce other department members present.

Establish and maintain a pleasant atmosphere.

Be courteous.

Try to put candidate at ease.

Be aware of your biases.

Ask specific questions.

Elicit all relevant information.

Maintain eye contact.

Ask appropriate questions; explore areas such as education, 
experience, special interests or skills, familiarity 
with textbooks, teaching methods, professional 
organizations, and future expectations.

Discuss candidate’s attitude toward teaching and research 
in language and literature.

Elicit candidate’s interest in specific job.

Provide candidate with clear picture of job.

Explain operation of school and department.

Describe working conditions (course load, other duties, 
salary, fringes, etc.).

Allow time for candidate’s questions.

Listen attentively.

Ask follow-up questions for clarification or further 
detail.

Inform candidate of probable time of decision.

Follow the Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines 
in meeting requests 
for accommodations.

Don’t

Interview more than one candidate at a time.

Conduct major portion of interview during a meal.

Ask questions about age, socioeconomic status, marital 
status, children, religion, medical or disability status, 
sexual orientation, or national origin.

Judge candidates on any criteria that are not professional, 
scholarly, or intellectual.

Discuss candidate’s dress or appearance.

Display boredom.

Doodle.

Produce stress intentionally.

Argue with candidate.

Appear hostile to candidate.

Be patronizing.

Ask for information already in dossier.

Ask leading questions.

Ask yes-no questions if they can be avoided.

Get off on tangents.

Do all the talking.

Describe job in negative terms.

Oversell position.

Downgrade other institutions or candidates.

Tape-record or videotape.

Require candidates to come to campus at their own 
expense.

Make a job offer until all interviews are concluded.

Assume that the candidate’s home institution makes 
him or her unsuitable for your department.



The Candidate

Do

Review job specifications.

Research thoroughly departments and institutions with 
which you have interviews.

Be aware that any materials that you have posted online 
(e.g., on MySpace, 
Facebook, blogs, public e-mail 
discussion lists or forums) may be viewed by potential 
employers.

Be aware that it is your right to request specific accommodations 
to make the interview accessible.

Prepare questions you want to ask (e.g., about teaching 
load, class size, number of majors, range of courses 
you will teach, library resources).

Request of your department some practice interviewing; 
use the opportunity to analyze your strengths 
and weaknesses.

Allow yourself an hour between interviews if possible.

Be prepared to discuss approaches to languages and literature 
teaching.

Think about courses and texts you would like to teach 
(be prepared to distribute sample syllabi).

Be aware of nervousness.

Come on time and follow all the usual protocols of 
politeness.

Silence cell phone.

Be aware of body language (your own and interviewer’s).


Project interest and enthusiasm, speak up clearly, listen 
attentively, and avoid using terms such as “you 
know,” “like,” and so on.

Maintain eye contact with interviewer.

Be prepared for aggressive questions.

Answer openly, directly, and honestly.

Be specific in both answers and your own questions.

Be prepared to demonstrate your language ability.

Bring out your strong points.

Talk about relevant skills, experience, interests, and 
goals.

Summarize your qualifications for the job.

Find out when decisions will be made.

Write follow-up thank-you letter.

Don’t

Be laconic or loquacious.

Be either apologetic or arrogant.

Appear opinionated or contentious.

Argue with interviewer.

Let yourself be intimidated.

Volunteer negative information.

Downgrade other candidates, jobs, or institutions.

Get off the track or ramble.

Overstay your welcome.

Ask about salary yet.



List of Administrations Censured

by the American Association of University Professors

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American Association 
of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the administrations of the institutions listed 
below show that, as evidenced by a past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized principles of 
academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of American Colleges and Universities, 
and more than 150 other professional and educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic 
Freedom and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe.

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, the profession at large, and the public that 
unsatisfactory conditions of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. Names 
are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s Annual Meeting.

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure is visited either upon the whole of the 
institution or upon the faculty, but specifically upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes 
the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure does not affect the eligibility of 
nonmembers for membership in the Association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution 
in question.

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in order to indicate their support of the principles 
violated, 
to refrain from accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. Since 
circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not assert that such an unqualified obligation 
exists for its members; it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office and prospective departmental colleagues. 
The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision.

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin 
or Academe citations in parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments Relating 
to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee A,” each of which appears annually in Academe.

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) .............. 1963

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) ............ 1969

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) .................... 1975

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) .. 1976

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) .................. 1978

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 
93–98) ........................................................................................ 1978

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) .................... 1980

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) ................ 1982

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) ........................................................................................ 1983

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) .................................................................................... 1984

Talladega College (Alabama) (May–June 1986, 6a–14a) ................ 1986

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May–June 1987, 
33–38) ........................................................................................ 1987

Husson College (Maine) (May–June 1987, 45–50) ........................ 1987

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May–June 1988, 29–33) ................ 1988

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May–June 1989, 35–45) ............................................................ 1989

The Catholic University of America (September–October 1989, 
27–40) ........................................................................................ 1990

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May–June 1991, 27–32) ................ 1992

Baltimore City Community College (May–June 1992, 37–41) .... 1992

Loma Linda University (California) (May–June 1992, 42–49) ...... 1992

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May–June 1993, 46–53) ................ 1993

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May–June 1993, 
54–64) ...................................................................................... 1993

Savannah College of Art and Design (May–June 1993, 65–70) .. 1993

University of Bridgeport (November–December 1993, 37–45) .... 1994

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May–June 1994, 37–46) ........ 1994

Bennington College (March–April 1995, 91–103) ........................ 1995

Alaska Pacific University (May–June 1995, 32–39) ...................... 1995

St. Bonaventure University (New York) (July–August 1995, 
65–73) ........................................................................................ 1996

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May–June 1996, 
41–46) ........................................................................................ 1996

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) (July–August 1996, 
51–60) ........................................................................................ 1997

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May–June 1997, 
53–58) ........................................................................................ 1997

Brigham Young University (September–October 1997, 52–71) .... 1998

University of the District of Columbia (May–June 1998, 46–55) 1998

Lawrence Technological University (May–June 1998, 56–62) .... 1998

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May–June 1999, 
46–50) ........................................................................................ 1999

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
(January–February 2000, 54–
63) .............................................. 2000

Charleston Southern University (January–February 2001, 
63–77) .........................................................................................2001



University of Dubuque (September–October 2001, 62–73) ...........2002

Virginia State University (May–June 2005, 47–62) ...................... 2005

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March–April 2005, 
99–113) ...................................................................................... 2005

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November–December 
2004, 56–78) .............................................................................. 2005

Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) (January–February 
2007, 60–68) .............................................................................. 2007

Bastyr University (Washington) (March–April 2007, 106–20) ...... 2007

Cedarville University (Ohio) (May–June 2009, 58–84) ................ 2009

Nicholls State University (Louisiana) (November–December 2008,
60–69) ....................................................................................... 2009

North Idaho College (Idaho) (May–June 2009, 85–92) .............. 2009

Stillman College (Alabama) (March–April 2009, 94–101) ............ 2009

Clark Atlanta University (February 2010) .................................... 2010

University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston (April 2010) .. 2010

Bethune Cookman University ...................................................... 2010

Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge .................................... 2012

Northwestern State University of Louisiana .............................. 2012

Southeastern Louisiana University .............................................. 2012



MLA Statement on the Use of

Part-Time and Full-Time 
Adjunct Faculty Members

The following statement on the use of part-time and full-time adjunct faculty members was developed by an ad hoc committee of the 
Association of Departments of English and adopted by the MLA Executive Council in February 1994.

The expansion of the adjunct ranks in language and literature departments over the past two decades threatens the 
integrity of the profession and instructional programs. The practice of hiring numerous adjunct faculty members 
year after year to teach courses required of large numbers of undergraduates undermines professional and educational 
standards and academic freedom. Although adjunct appointments can add significant dimensions to curricula 
and some individuals prefer to accept only adjunct appointments because of other commitments, few adjunct appointments 
are made for educationally sound reasons. Indeed, the primary motivation for most of these appointments 
is to reduce the cost of instruction.

Adjunct faculty members fall into two groups: part-time instructors and non-tenure-track full-time instructors. 
The first group includes both instructors who are clearly temporary members of a department and instructors 
who teach from year to year and become virtually permanent. Members of the second group have full teaching 
loads but, as non-tenure-track faculty 
members, lack the institutional commitment given to their tenure-track colleagues. 
Graduate students are distinct from both groups.

The conditions under which most adjunct teachers are employed define them as nonprofessionals. Often they are 
hired quickly, as last-minute replacements. They receive little recognition or respect for their contributions to their 
departments; almost always they are paid inequitably and receive no fringe benefits.

Excessive reliance on an adjunct faculty can damage individual faculty members, students, institutions, and the 
profession. For the sake of an institution’s economic welfare, adjunct faculty members are often denied the security 
that adequate salary, health insurance, and professional status can provide. The institution, in turn, suffers through 
the creation of a two-tiered system in which faculty members have different responsibilities and expectations.

In the light of these concerns, the MLA urges college and university administrators to make new and concerted efforts 
to eliminate excessive and irresponsible adjunct faculty appointments, to improve employment conditions for essential 
adjunct faculty members, and to recognize the professional status and important contributions of such teachers. 

The MLA offers the following guidelines for the employment of faculty 
members.

Guidelines

1. Each department should establish an appropriate limit on the number of adjunct faculty members in relation to 
the number of tenured or tenure-track faculty members and of graduate students serving as apprentice teachers. 
The norm in a department should be the tenured or tenure-track position. As tenured faculty members retire, they 
should be replaced by tenure-track faculty members. Departments that routinely assign a large part of undergraduate 
instruction to adjunct faculty members should reconsider their staffing practices.

2. All adjunct faculty members should be treated as professionals. Each department should develop a set of guidelines 
for adjunct faculty employment. These guidelines may vary from institution to institution but should address the 
following concerns:

a. Adjunct faculty members should be hired, reviewed, and given teaching assignments according to processes 
comparable to those established for the tenured or tenure-track faculty members.

b. They should be given mailboxes, office space, and clerical support.


c. They should receive adequate introduction to their teaching assignments, departments, and institutions.

d. They should be paid equitable prorated salaries and should receive basic benefits such as health insurance.

e. They should be eligible for incentives that foster professional development, including merit raises and 
funds for research and travel.

f. As appropriate, they should participate in determining departmental and institutional policies.



ALABAMA

U of Alabama, Birmingham

English, 
HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294

http://www.uab.edu

Non-Tenure Earning Assistant Professor of English 
17299

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14987

Full-time, non-tenure-track position, 9-month contract, beginning August 15, 2013, with possibility of renewal. 
Experience teaching freshman composition and sophomore literature survey courses required. PhD must be completed 
by August 15, 2013. 4/4 course load. Our 30+-member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a 
nationally ranked teaching and research urban university with over 17,500 students.

Review of applications will begin 15 October. Apply via Interfolio ByCommittee or send letter and c.v. to NTE 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35294-1260. 
Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our initial screening. With a Carnegie Classification 
of Doctoral/ Research Universities-Extensive, UAB is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
committed 
to fostering a diverse, equitable and family-friendly environment in which all faculty and staff can excel and 
achieve work/ life balance irrespective of ethnicity, gender, faith, gender identity and expression as well as sexual 
orientation. UAB also encourages applications from individuals with disabilities and veterans. A pre-employment 
background investigation is performed on candidates selected for employment. [R]

U of Alabama, Birmingham

English, 
HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294

http://www.uab.edu/english

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition, Writing Center Director 17298

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14986

Entry-level, tenure-track Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition. PhD must be completed by August 15, 
2013. College-level teaching experience required. Teaching duties include undergraduate and graduate courses in 
rhetoric and composition; administrative responsibilities include direction of the University’s Writing Center. Our 
30+-member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a nationally ranked teaching and research urban 
university with over 17,500 students.

Review of applications will begin 15 October. Apply via Interfolio ByCommittee or send letter and c.v. to WC 
Director Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 
35294-1260. Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our initial screening. With a Carnegie 
Classification of Doctoral/ Research Universities-Extensive, UAB is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action 
Employer 
committed to fostering a diverse, equitable and family-friendly environment in which all faculty and 
staff can excel and achieve work/ life balance irrespective of ethnicity, gender, faith, gender identity and expression 
as well as sexual orientation. UAB also encourages applications from individuals with disabilities and veterans. A 
pre-employment background investigation is performed on candidates selected for employment. [R]

1 MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST • ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2012

October 2012

Departmental Job Listings

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i).



U of Alabama, Birmingham

English, 
HB 215D 1530 3rd Av S Birmingham AL 35294

http://www.uab.edu/english

Assistant Professor, African American Literature 17297

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14985

Entry-level, tenure-track Assistant Professor of African American/ African Diasporic Literature. PhD must be completed 
by August 15, 2013. College-level teaching experience required. Teaching duties include undergraduate and 
graduate courses in African American/ African diasporic literatures, as well as composition and survey classes, with 
the opportunity to teach courses in other American ethnic literatures. 3/3 course load. Our 30+-member department 
offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a nationally ranked teaching and research urban university with over 
17,500 students and a Carnegie Classification of Doctoral/ Research Universities-Extensive.

UAB is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
committed to fostering a diverse, equitable and family-
friendly environment in which all faculty and staff can excel and achieve work/ life balance irrespective of 
ethnicity, gender, faith, gender identity and expression as well as sexual orientation. UAB also encourages applications 
from individuals with disabilities and veterans. A pre-employment background investigation is performed on 
candidates selected for employment. The University has established a program to assist departments with minority 
faculty recruitment; minority tenure-track faculty may be awarded funds to assist with research and other efforts to 
gain tenure.

Review of applications will begin 15 October. Apply via Interfolio ByCommittee or send letter and c.v. to African 
American Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, 
AL 35294-1260. Requests for writing samples and dossiers will be made after our initial screening. [R]

ARKANSAS

U of Central Arkansas

English, 
201 Donaghey Av Conway AR 72035

http://uca.edu/

Assistant Professor of English 
Education 17642

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15766

The University of Central Arkansas English 
Department seeks qualified applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor 
position as English 
Education Program Coordinator, to begin Fall 2013. Candidates should have a Ph.D. 
in English 
or an Ed.D. in English 
education. Candidates with an MA or MSEd will be considered, but would 
be appointed to Lecturer status. Candidates must have 7–12 teaching experience. Candidates with experience in 
NCATE/ NCTE accreditation and in working with pre-service teachers using the Pathwise model and Praxis Assessment 
System are particularly encouraged.

Teaching responsibilities will likely include the methods course in literature and composition, supervision of pre-
service teachers in public school internships, and occasional grammar or general education literature classes. The 
successful candidate will also have service responsibilities both in the English 
department and in the College of 
Education.

Submit a letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, and copies of transcripts to Jay Ruud, Chair, 
Department of English.


Review of applications will begin November 1, 2012.

UCA is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
[R]



CALIFORNIA

California SU, Channel Islands

English, 
1 University Dr Camarillo CA 93012

http://www.csucifacultyjobs.com

Assistant Professor of Literature & Writing 17180

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14625

The English 
Program at CSU Channel Islands (CI) seeks an Assistant Professor to teach core courses in various 
literatures. Applicants should be able to show specialty and/or teaching experience in two or more of the following 
areas: nonwestern literatures, British literature, interdisciplinary writing, and innovative pedagogies such as 
interdisciplinary team teaching. Candidates must show evidence of commitment to undergraduate teaching and 
curriculum development and to an active scholarly and/or creative agenda. Also desirable is an ability to work with 
faculty from other areas; to contribute diverse perspectives, perhaps international and multicultural ones; and to 
participate in the service needs of the department and university.

For additional information and to apply please visit: https:// www .csucifacultyjobs .com.

Application review begins on September 10, 2012.

California SU, Fullerton

English, 
Comp Lit, & Linguistics, 800 N State College Blvd University Hall, Rm 323 Fullerton CA 92831

http://fullerton.edu

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17230

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14686

We invite applications for two Assistant Professor appointments, each specializing in Composition and Rhetoric. 
Interests may include (but are not restricted to) writing program administration, writing pedagogy, rhetorical or 
classical theory, professional writing, quantitative or qualitative research, and/or digital literacies. The Department 
especially encourages applicants who bring culturally diverse perspectives to their understanding of these primary 
and secondary specialties.

Teaching opportunities include composition and rhetoric courses at the lower-and upper-division and M.A. levels, 
supervision of M.A. projects in composition, as well as other courses related to the candidate’s interests and departmental 
needs. New faculty are encouraged to propose courses to add to current composition and rhetoric offerings 
and the newly proposed Professional Certificate Program in Writing and Teaching. Each faculty member advises 
undergraduate students and serves on faculty committees. Positive tenure and promotion decisions require excellent 
teaching as well as research, peer-reviewed publication, and participation in the broader disciplinary community.

Qualifications:

• A Ph.D. in Composition or English 
Studies with appropriate academic emphasis in rhetoric and composition 
completed by

August 2013. ABD’s will be considered but must show evidence of degree completion prior to appointment.

• Evidence of successful teaching.

• Familiarity with recognized best practices in teaching and an interest in using and developing innovative instructional 
technologies.

• Potential for successful research and publications.

• Potential for successful service to the department.

Rank and Salary:

Both positions are at the rank of Assistant Professor, tenure-track. Salary is highly competitive and commensurate 
with experience and qualifications. Teaching opportunities exist during summer and January intersession. An 



excellent comprehensive benefits package is available which includes health/ vision/ dental plans; spouse, domestic 
partner and/or dependent fee-waiver; access to campus child-care as well as affordable housing program; and a defined-
benefit retirement through the state system, along with optional tax-sheltering opportunities. For a detailed 
description of benefits, go to http://hr.fullerton .edu/ Benefits/ Faculty_ Unit_3.pdf

Job Control Number

23603G-13–016

Appointment Date

August 22, 2013

Application Procedure:

Submit a letter of interest addressed to the Search Committee, a curriculum vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to:

Carlen Pope

Department of English, 
Comparative Literature, and Linguistics

University Hall 323

California State University, Fullerton

Fullerton, CA 92834-6868

Application Deadline:

Applications (letter of interest, c.v., and three letters of recommendation) postmarked by October 8, 2012 will 
receive full consideration. Applications postmarked after this date may be considered if the position is still open. 
Applications will be acknowledged by a letter or email. Preliminary interviews will be held at the end of October 
via Skype appointments, and campus visits will be arranged for selected candidates the second and fourth weeks of 
November. Full dossier will be requested of selected candidates.

For more information on the department of English, 
Comparative Literature, and Linguistics, please visit our website 
at: http:// hss .fullerton .edu/ english/


Cal State Fullerton is an Equal Opportunity/

Title IX/503/504/VEVRA/ ADA Employer

Achieving A Climate of Success Through Diversity & Equity

California SU, San Bernardino

English, 
5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407

http://academicpersonnel.csusb.edu/recruiting/tenureTrackFaculty.html

Assistant Professor 17227

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14683

The English 
department seeks a fiction writer to fill a tenure-track Assistant Professor position that begins September 
2013. Terminal degree (M.F.A. or Ph.D) in creative writing is required. Candidates must have a strong record 
of publication and professional accomplishment. Primary teaching responsibilities will be creative writing fiction 
courses in our undergraduate and graduate programs, as well as M.F.A. project supervision. We particularly welcome 
candidates with a secondary specialization in an area including but not limited to African American literature, 
Asian American literature, and screenwriting. Contingent on budget availability.

Application materials must be received by November 16, 2012. Submit a C.V. with letter of application that includes 
a statement of teaching philosophy and strategies, as well as research/ professional accomplishments and goals. 
Also submit the names, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of three references, along with a copy of most 
recent transcripts. Interviews will take place at the MLA Convention in January 2013.



Humboldt SU

English, 
1 Harpst St Arcata CA 95521

http://apptrkr.com/262903

Tenure-track Faculty: English 
Rhetoric & Composition 17403

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15297

Tenure-track Faculty: English 
Rhetoric & Composition

Humboldt State University’s Department of English 
invites applications for an academic-year tenure-track faculty 
position in Rhetoric & Composition starting August 2013 (Job#7532).

Successful candidate will teach upper and lower division courses in composition, rhetoric, and composition theory, 
and will also serve as Writing Program Coordinator. A Ph.D. or equivalent in Rhetoric and Composition or related 
field is preferred at the time of appointment. ABDs considered. Teaching experience and research interest in 
composition/ rhetoric, commitment to first year composition, commitment to diversity in the academic environment, 
and experience in writing program administration are required. 

For complete vacancy announcement and to apply, visit http:// apptrkr .com/262903

Full consideration will be given to completed applications received no later than November 30, 2012. Position is 
open until filled.

HSU is an EO/TitleIX/ ADA Employer


Pitzer C

English 
& World Lit, 1050 N Mills Av Claremont CA 91711

http://pitzer.edu

Assistant Professor of Academic Writing/ Writing Center Director 17383

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15687

Pitzer College, a member of the Claremont Colleges, invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
to serve as Writing Center Director beginning fall 2013. The successful candidate will develop and maintain the 
Writing Center, have responsibility for supervising a part-time Administrative Coordinator, and a staff of both 
graduate and undergraduate student assistants. The person will serve as a resource for faculty who teach writing in 
the interdisciplinary First-Year Seminar program, conduct workshops, and teach 3 writing courses per academic 
year.

We seek a colleague with a strong commitment to the function of the Writing Center as an academic resource for 
students and faculty, a passion for undergraduate teaching, the ability to work well with faculty across the college, 
and a continuing program of scholarly activity. A Ph.D. in a relevant discipline with demonstrated effectiveness in 
teaching Composition or Rhetoric is required at the time of appointment.

Pitzer College has a strong institutional commitment to diversity in all areas and strongly encourages candidates 
from underrepresented social groups. We favor candidates who can contribute to the College’s distinctive educational 
objectives, which promote interdisciplinary perspectives, intercultural understanding, and concern with 
social responsibility and the ethical implications of knowledge and action. Pitzer College is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
For the successful applicant with the relevant interests, affiliations are possible with 
the intercollegiate departments of Africana Studies, Asian American Studies, Chican@/Latin@ Studies, and/or 
Women’s Studies.

To apply please follow the instructions located at www .pitzer .edu/ facultyapply or through the link above. A complete 
application will include a letter of application, curriculum vitae, selected evidence of excellence in teaching 
and research, statement of teaching philosophy, a description of your research, and three letters of recommendation. 
Within their applications, candidates should address how their cultural, experiential, and/or academic background 
contributes to the understanding of diversity at the College. The deadline for applying is November 1, 2012 or 
until the position is filled.



Due to the high number of applications we receive, we ask that you please e-mail your questions to writing_ 
search@ pitzer .edu.

Pomona C

English, 
140 W Sixth St Claremont CA 91711

http://english.pomona.edu/

Assistant Professor in Medieval Literatures & Cultures 17468

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15696

The English 
Department at Pomona College welcomes applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant 
professor with expertise in medieval literatures and cultures. Applicants may specialize within the field broadly 
defined both temporally (late antiquity to fifteenth century) and geographically (European, Mediterranean, African, 
etc.); candidates will have expertise in Old and/or Middle English 
but might specialize in other languages such 
as Arabic, Latin, Old Norse, or one of the Celtic languages. Rather than a specific subfield, we are interested in 
exciting and innovative work. PhD in hand or expected by September 2013.

Pomona College, founding member of the Claremont Colleges, is a highly selective liberal arts college, located 
35 miles east of Los Angeles and attracting a diverse, national student body. Department faculty teach two courses 
per semester, and are eligible for a one-year junior research leave, regular sabbatical leaves, and generous research 
support.

Please submit letter of application, CV, dissertation abstract, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation. 
Complete applications received by October 15 will receive full consideration. We will hold interviews at the MLA 
Convention.

Pomona College is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer 
and strongly encourages applications from 
women and members of underrepresented groups. Ability to address issues of diversity in courses and demonstrated 
commitment to mentoring students from underrepresented groups considered favorably. [R]

San Francisco SU

Creative Writing, 1600 Holloway Ave San Francisco CA 94132

http://creativewriting.sfsu.edu

Assistant professor of Creative Writing, Fiction 17614

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15675

The Department of Creative Writing at San Francisco State University seeks candidates for an approved tenure-
track position in Creative Writing, fiction, at the level of Assistant Professor, to begin Fall 2013, subject to financial 
ability. Responsibilities include teaching in the B.A., M.A., and M.F.A. programs; supervising M.A. and M.F.A. 
theses; reading yearly applications to the graduate programs; contributing to curriculum development; and campus, 
community, and professional service. Normal teaching load is three courses per semester. Minimum qualifications: 
M.F.A. or equivalent with a strong commitment to university teaching; book publication; and experience teaching at 
the university level. Salary competitive, commensurate with qualifications. Information about the Creative Writing 
Department available at the following websites: http:// creativewriting .sfsu .edu, and http:// www .sfsu .edu~ poetry/.

To apply: Submit, in hardcopy, a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 3 letters of recommendation, a ten-page 
writing sample, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. Semi-finalists only will be asked to send copies of their 
books. Send to:

Hiring Committee

Creative Writing Department

San Francisco State University

1600 Holloway Avenue

San Francisco CA 94132



(415) 338-1891

Deadline is December 14, 2012. SF State is an AA/EO employer. 
[R]

San Jose SU

English 
& Comp Lit, 1 Washington Sq San Jose CA 95192

http://www.sjsu.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of Career Writing 17587

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15552

Qualifications: PhD in Composition/ Rhetoric or other terminal degree in writing by date of appointment. Evidence 
of a strong emphasis in Career/ Professional/ Technical writing required. Teaching experience at the college 
level desired. Administrative experience desired. Applicants should have awareness of and sensitivity to the educational 
goals of a multicultural population as might have been gained in cross-cultural study, training, teaching and 
other comparable experience.

Responsibilities: The Department of English 
and Comparative Literature at San Jose State University seeks to hire 
an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) of Composition/ Rhetoric with an emphasis in Career/ Professional/ Technical 
writing. The successful applicant will direct the department’s Career Writing Program. Teaching responsibilities 
will include courses in professional and technical writing and may include courses in business writing and composition. 
Excellent teaching, publications, fundraising or grant activity, and committee and other service to the department 
and university are considerations for tenure. Candidate must address the needs of a student population of 
great diversity-in age, cultural background, ethnicity, primary language and academic preparation-through course 
materials, teaching strategies and advisement.

Application Procedures: Applications should be postmarked by October 29, 2012. For full consideration send a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, a description of teaching philosophy, a description of research interests, and 
three recent letters of reference to:

Department of English 
and Comparative Literature

San Jose State University

San Jose, CA 95192-0090 [R]

Santa Clara U

English, 
500 El Camino Real Santa Clara CA 95053

http://www.scu.edu/jobs/

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17600

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15668

The Department of English 
at Santa Clara University invites applications for a tenure-track position in Rhetoric 
and Composition with an interest in public writing/ writing for publication. Successful candidates must have a 
strong commitment to both teaching and research, and be able to establish an active research program. Teaching 
responsibilities may include introductory first-year critical thinking and writing courses and advanced (upper-division) 
courses in areas such as argumentation, writing and social justice, writing for teachers, practicum in tutoring 
composition, or business writing. The successful candidate will teach 6 courses spread over three quarters. A course 
release for research in place of the 7th course of the regular seven-course teaching load should be assumed.

Qualifications: Applicants must have a Ph. D. in English, 
with a strong preference for an emphasis in Rhetoric and 
Composition although a closely related field may be considered, and will, optimally, have at least 4 years of college 
or professional teaching; must have demonstrated excellence in teaching theory and composition, including first-
year composition; must have demonstrated abilities as an active scholar; and must be committed to working with 
undergraduates.

The following qualifications would be important in the ideal candidate:



• Several years experience teaching courses in both composition theory and first-year critical thinking and writing 
courses

• A record of productive research that has either included undergraduates or that could plausibly be adapted to an 
undergraduate-focused institution.

• Experience in developing internships and in advising students on writing careers.

• Evidence of effective leadership and program administrative skills beyond teaching classes, for example experience 
with program administration or assessment

• Alignment with the Jesuit educational philosophy, the social justice mission of the university, and the goals of the 
Department of English 
at Santa Clara University

Applicants are invited to visit the university's web site at www .scu .edu for fuller description of the position, and 
for descriptions of the university's mission, our department, the multicultural student population we serve, and the 
learning opportunities we offer. Santa Clara University is committed to the strategic goal of enriching the quality 
of our community of scholars by increasing diversity among faculty, staff, and students.

Application Procedure: Applicants should send electronic copies of the following:

(1) letter of application; (2) curriculum vitae; (3) official graduate transcripts, (4) three letters of recommendation; 
(5) sample syllabi, (6) recent teaching evaluations, (7) personal statement(s) covering teaching philosophy, research 
plan that could be implemented at an institution that serves only undergraduate students in English, 
and experience 
working with people of diverse cultures and identities, (8) at least one example of representative scholarship 
e.g. published article or book chapter, dissertation chapter, video or audio recording of an artistic performance etc. 
(as long as one has the copyright privilege to use said recordings). These materials should be sent to English@ 
scu 
.edu. The body of the email message should address the Department of English 
Search Committee, Santa Clara 
University, 500 El Camino Real, Santa Clara, CA 95053. Inquiries can be sent by email to jhawley@ scu .edu and 
sbillings@ scu .edu. Applications must be received by 5 pm PST on 10/31/12. While electronic submissions are 
strongly preferred, if some materials must be sent by postal service, please send these to Department of English 
Search Committee, Santa Clara University, 500 El Camino Real, Santa Clara, CA 95053.

Stanford U

English, 
Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305

http://english.stanford.edu

Assistant Professor, Renaissance Literature 17493

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15435

The Department of English 
at Stanford University seeks to fill a tenure track position in Renaissance literature at 
the Assistant Professor rank. We welcome applications from scholars across the entire range of the period and of all 
methodological approaches. Record or potential of distinguished scholarship and effective teaching at both graduate 
and undergraduate levels is required.

Applicants should use the link above to submit online by October 22, 2012, an initial letter of application with vita 
and a brief statement of research and teaching interests. Those candidates unable to apply via Interfolio should send 
applications to Professor Gavin Jones, Chair, Department of English, 
Stanford University, 450 Serra Mall-Bldg 
460, Stanford CA 94305-2087. Candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional 
materials. We expect to interview at the MLA convention.

Stanford University is an equal opportunity employer 
and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. It 
welcomes nominations of, and applications from, women and members of minority groups, as well as others who 
would bring additional dimensions to the university’s research and teaching missions. [R]



U of California, Berkeley

English, 
MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720

http://english.berkeley.edu/

Assistant or Associate Professor, Native American, Chicano/a, Latino/a Literatures 17408

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15304

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for an Assistant Professor or Associate Professor position 
specializing in Native American, Chicano/a, and/or Latino/a literatures and cultures. We welcome all critical approaches. 
(The successful candidate must have completed the Ph.D. by the date of hire.) The appointment is to be 
effective July 1, 2013.

Candidates are asked to provide an application letter, at least three letters of recommendation, a CV, and a writing 
sample of 10,000 words by electronic submission:

http:// aprecruit .berkeley .edu/ apply/ JPF00033

Applicants should apply at the URL above. Candidates will be asked to provide reference contact information and 
will then be able to request letters of reference through the online application system. All letters will be treated as 
confidential per University of California policy and California state law. Please refer potential referees, including 
when letters are provided via a third party (i.e., dossier service or career center), to the UC Berkeley statement of 
confidentiality: http:// apo .chance .berkeley .edu/ evalltr .html

All application materials must be uploaded by October 31, 2012 to be considered.

This department seeks candidates whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute to our 
commitment to inclusion and diversity in higher education. The University of California is an Affirmative Action, 
Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of California, Berkeley

English, 
MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720

http://english.berkeley.edu/

Assistant Professor, Victorian Literature 17405

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15299

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for an Assistant Professor position specializing in the field 
of Victorian literature and culture. (The successful candidate must have completed the Ph.D. by the date of hire.) 
The appointment is to be effective July 1, 2013.

Candidates are asked to provide an application letter, at least three letters of recommendation, a CV, and a writing 
sample of 10,000 words by electronic submission:

http:// aprecruit .berkeley .edu/ apply/ JPF00032

Applicants should apply at the URL above. Candidates will be asked to provide reference contact information and 
will then be able to request letters of reference through the online application system. All letters will be treated as 
confidential per University of California policy and California state law. Please refer potential referees, including 
when letters are provided via a third party (i.e., dossier service or career center), to the UC Berkeley statement of 
confidentiality: http:// apo .chance .berkeley .edu/ evalltr .html

Application material must be uploaded by October 31, 2012 to be considered.

This department seeks candidates whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute to our 
commitment to inclusion and diversity in higher education. The University of California is an Affirmative Action, 
Equal Opportunity Employer.




U of California, Los Angeles

Comp Lit, PO Box 951536 350 Humanities Bldg Los Angeles CA 90095

http://www.complit.ucla.edu/

Assistant Professor in Comparative Literature 17603

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15812

The Department of Comparative Literature at UCLA seeks a scholar of extraordinary promise and vision for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professorship in Sub-Saharan African literature and Culture in comparative contexts beginning 
July 1, 2013. The successful candidate must have (1) advanced proficiency and a research interest in the literary 
traditions (written or oral) of at least one indigenous language, and (2) a research interest in either an English 
or a Portuguese language African literary tradition. We are also seeking a scholar who is able to create bridges and 
establish dialogues between cultures, disciplines or theoretical perspectives. The course load will include graduate 
and undergraduate teaching, including undergraduate lower division courses in world literature. Candidates should 
address a letter of interest and CV addressed to Professor Efrain Kristal, Chair at the following email address: manderson@ 
humnet .ucla .edu and arrange to have three letters of recommendation sent to the same address. Letters 
should address the candidate’s potential as a scholar and, if appropriate, provide evidence of successful teaching. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply, and candidates are encouraged highlight their research or teaching 
activities that demonstrate a commitment to the needs of disadvantaged populations. To ensure full consideration 
materials must be submitted by Friday, October 15, 2012. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal opportunity 
employer. 
This job posting is subject to pending budgetary approval.

U of California, Los Angeles

English, 
149 Humanities Bldg Box 951530 Los Angeles CA 90095

http://www.english.ucla.edu

Medieval Literature 17490

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15610

The Department of English 
at UCLA invites applications for the position of tenure-track advanced assistant professor 
in Medieval Literature with expertise in Latin and Late Medieval/ Early Modern Studies. Candidates should 
demonstrate engagement with the changing dynamics of the field, which is now characterized by comparative approaches 
and trans-historical and trans-cultural perspectives.

Through Interfolio using the link above, candidates should submit a letter of application; curriculum vitae; 20-page 
writing sample; and dossier including three letters of recommendation addressed to: Ali Behdad, Chair, UCLA Department 
of English, 
Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Application dossiers are due by November 9, 2012; interviews 
will be held at the MLA convention in Boston in January. The position is subject to final administrative approval. 
UCLA is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]

U of California, San Diego

Ethnic Studies, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093

http://www.ethnicstudies.ucsd.edu/

Assistant Professor of Chicana/ Latina Gender, Sexuality and Feminist Studies 17323

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15006

The Ethnic Studies Department ( http:// www .ethnicstudies .ucsd .edu/) at the University of California, San Diego 
invites applications for a position as an Assistant Professor in Chicana/ Latina Gender, Sexuality, and Feminist Studies, 
beginning Fall 2013 (pending budget approval). We seek an interdisciplinary scholar working in any historical 
period, whose research critically engages the lived realities of race, gender, and sexuality in regional, global, and/
or transnational contexts. We welcome applications from scholars who hold a PhD in any field in the arts, humanities, 
or social sciences, and who can demonstrate a commitment to building equitable, diverse classroom and 
research environments. The position’s teaching responsibilities will be divided evenly between Critical Gender 
Studies (http:// cgs .ucsd .edu/) and Ethnic Studies.



For a complete description of the position and applications, please visit us at: https:// apol-recruit .ucsd .edu/ apply/ 
JPF00224 . The deadline to apply is November 15, 2012. The position start date is July 1, 2013. Salary based on 
published UC pay scales.

UCSD is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to excellence 
through diversity. [R]

U of California, San Diego

Lit, 9500 Gilman Dr #0410 La Jolla CA 92093

http://academicaffairs.ucsd.edu/aps/adeo/recruitment/jobdetails.asp?PositionNumber=10-466

Full or Associate Professor: Rebeca Hickel Endowed Chair in Elizabethan and Early Modern Literature 17182

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14631

The Department of Literature within the Division of Arts & Humanities at the University of California, San Diego 
(http:// literature .ucsd .edu) seeks candidates for the Rebeca Hickel Endowed Chair in Elizabethan and Early Modern 
Literature, whose research, teaching, or service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity 
and inclusion in higher education. Preference will be given to scholars at the associate or full professor level.

We welcome candidates who have demonstrated the highest standards of scholarly contribution and professional 
activity; who will actively participate in our department's multilingual, transnational projects; whose methodological 
interests could include cultural studies, materialist approaches (corporeal and economic), and multilingual examinations. 
Ability to teach courses on such topics as early modern drama, early modern poetry and prose, a survey 
of British literature, and the age of empires, is desirable. Special interests, such as global Shakespeare, transatlantic 
British literary studies, and transnational literary projects, are especially welcome. Demonstrated commitment to 
excellence by providing leadership in teaching, research, and service towards building an equitable and diverse 
scholarly environment is preferred.

Faculty members teach and supervise students at the undergraduate and graduate level. The level of appointment 
will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. To Apply : Submit all application documentation using 
UCSD’s online Recruit web page https:// apol-recruit .ucsd .edu/ apply/ JPF00234

Please apply the following to your application:

Literature (10–466)

Required documents:

1. a cover letter,

2. current CV,

3. contact names and requested information (click on prompt to contact references, which generates an email to 
references),

4. writing samples. Upload .doc or .pdf format. Request dossier services to upload reference letters to your online 
application web page,

5. a personal statement summarizing contributions to diversity and leadership. Contribution to diversity statements 
could include an attention to diverse learning needs, engaging learning fields of diverse communities, pedagogical 
methods that address learning needs of students from diverse backgrounds, awareness of inequities in education 
and research, track record of specific activities that address and mitigate inequities, follow-up of positive impact on 
under-represented students, and specific plan of activities and follow-up at UCSD (http:// facultyequity .ucsd .edu/ 
Faculty-Applicant-C2D-Info .asp).

Proof of authorization to work in the U. S. will be required prior to employment (Immigration Reform and Control 
Act of 1985). UCSD is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
with a strong institutional commitment 
to excellence through diversity.



U of California, Santa Barbara

English, 
3431 South Hall c/o South Hall Administrative Support Ctr Santa Barbara CA 93106

http://www.writing.ucsb.edu

Lecturer 17527

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15473

Deadline for primary consideration is Friday, November 2, 2012; however, positions are open until filled.

The University of California, Santa Barbara, Writing Program invites applications for full-time lecturers to join a 
vibrant and dynamic program. Lecturers teach lower-and upper-division courses, including introductory writing 
courses for a variety of students and advanced courses in humanities, social sciences, and various professional areas. 
The Writing Program also has a writing minor. Additionally, Writing Program lecturers are integrally involved in 
program governance, development, and innovation. We are especially interested in instructors who can teach professional 
writing (business, technical, journalistic) and courses that take into consideration genres and practices of 
STEM disciplines.

Demonstrated excellence in university teaching is required; research, publication, or other activity related to the 
teaching of writing is preferred. Ph.D. or equivalent terminal degree is required, but exceptions may be made for 
comparable experience.

Full-time lecturers hired in this search may receive two-year contracts with the possibility of renewal up to six 
years; at the sixth year, a lecturer may be considered for a continuing appointment, which is an ongoing contract 
with merit reviews every three years. Salaries are competitive and vary depending upon training and experience; 
appointments include full benefits. Terms and conditions of employment are subject to UC policy and any appropriate 
collective bargaining agreement. Positions are pending funding approval.

For information about the UCSB Writing Program, please visit our web site, www .writing .ucsb .edu.

Send letter of application, CV, and 3 letters of reference to Chair, Writing Program Search Committee, University 
of California, Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106-3010

Preliminary interviews will be conducted by phone or Skype.

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
The program is interested in 
candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through research, teaching 
and service.

U of California, Santa Barbara

English, 
3431 South Hall c/o South Hall Administrative Support Ctr Santa Barbara CA 93106

http://www.english.ucsb.edu

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor, British and/or Irish literature from 1940 to the present 17521

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15469

We seek a candidate who specializes in any area of British and/or Irish literature from 1940 to the present.

The ideal candidate would be able to teach a range of courses in literature and contribute to the department's collaborative 
research and teaching centers and initiatives, especially the department's Center on Modern Literature, 
Materialism, and Aesthetics and its associated undergraduate specialization. We are particularly interested in candidates 
whose research includes the study of space and urban culture, consumer culture, and visual studies in the 
context of modernist, postmodern and Anglophone literatures. Position effective July 1, 2013. Ph.D. required at the 
time of appointment.

Send hard copies of: your letter of application, CV, non-returnable writing sample (25pp or less), and 3 letters of 
recommendation to British and/or Irish Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of California, 
Santa Barbara, CA 93106-3170. Applicants must also complete the supplemental online data form at http:// 
english 
.ucsb .edu/ jobs/ bil



To ensure full consideration, applications should be postmarked by Monday, October 22, 2012. Receipt of all applications 
will be acknowledged. Please visit the UCSB English 
website (english 
.ucsb .edu) for information on our 
department's ongoing initiatives.

We seek a colleague who will contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through research, 
teaching, and service. The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer.


U of California, Santa Cruz

Lit, Humanities Bldg 1 1156 High St Santa Cruz CA 95064

http://apptrkr.com/263065

Assistant or Associate Professor, Creative Writing (Poetry) and Literature 17646

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15804

Assistant or Associate Professor, Creative Writing (Poetry) and Literature with a secondary expertise in other 
genre, University of California, Santa Cruz, Literature Department. For more information go to http:// apptrkr 
.com/263065. Refer to Position #JPF00007–13 in all correspondence.

U of San Diego

English, 
5998 Alcala Park San Diego CA 92110

http://apptrkr.com/261012

Assistant Professor of English 
in Modern U. S. Literature 17289

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14880

The Department of English 
at the University of San Diego invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor 
position in Modern U.S. Literature. We particularly welcome work on American Ethnic Literatures. Effective 
Fall 2013. Candidates must have a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching and an active research agenda. 
Teaching load is three courses per semester, with possible course reduction through Faculty Research Grants. The 
University of San Diego, an independent Catholic university, is an Equal Opportunity Employer; 
women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. To apply, please register as an applicant at http:// apptrkr .com/261012 and reference 
job number IRC8362. Also, please send a letter of application and curriculum vitae only, postmarked by October 
15, 2012, to Fred Miller Robinson, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
5998 Alcala Park, San 
Diego, CA 92110-2492. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA Convention in Boston in 2013. [R]

U of San Diego

English, 
5998 Alcala Park San Diego CA 92110

http://apptrkr.com/260892

Assistant Professor of English 
in British Romanticism 17288

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14881

The Department of English 
at the University of San Diego invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor 
position in British Romanticism/ late 18th-century 
British literature. Expertise in transatlantic studies appreciated. 
Effective Fall 2013. The teaching load is three courses per semester with the possibility of course reduction through 
the Faculty Research Grant program of the College. Candidates should have an active research agenda, with experience 
in and a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching. USD, an independent Catholic university, is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer; 
women and minorities are encouraged to apply. To apply, please register as an applicant 
at http:// apptrkr .com/260892 and reference job number IRC8343. Also, please send letter of application and 
detailed curriculum vitae only, postmarked by October 15, 2012, to Dr. Cynthia Caywood, Chair, Romanticism 
Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of San Diego, 5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 92110-
2492. We will conduct interviews at MLA 2013 in Boston. [R]



U of San Francisco

English, 
2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117

http://apptrkr.com/270676

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor, Chicano/a or Latino/a Literature 17254

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14830

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor, Chicano/a or Latino/a Literature

University of San Francisco

Department: Arts & Sciences

Job Type: Full-Time

Job Summary:

The English 
Department at the University of San Francisco invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Chicano/a or Latino/a literature at the Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2013.

Job Responsibilities:

Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate literature courses in both the Core (general education) and within 
the English 
major.

Minimum Qualifications:

Qualifications include: a Ph.D. in English 
or Comparative Literature at time of appointment, demonstrated expertise 
in teaching Chicano/a or Latino/a literature, and evidence of strong scholarly activity. Applicants with degrees 
in Chicano Studies, Ethnic Studies, or American Studies with strong literary training and teaching experience in 
the field will also be considered. Expertise in a secondary area of literature is desirable, but not required.

To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: http:// apptrkr 
.com/270676

EOE

U of San Francisco

English, 
2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117

http://apptrkr.com/270689

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor, Poetry 17252

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14815

Department: Arts & Sciences

Job Type: Full-Time

Job Summary:

The English 
Department at the University of San Francisco invites applications for a tenure-track position in poetry 
at the Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2013.

Job Responsibilities:

Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate and graduate creative writing courses: seminar, workshop, Core 
(general education).

Minimum Qualifications:

Qualifications include an MFA or PhD with creative dissertation, demonstrated expertise in teaching in the genre 
and developing curriculum, and a significant publication record with at least one book of poetry in print or under 
contract. Expertise in a secondary area of writing or literature is desirable, but not required.



To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: http:// apptrkr 
.com/270689

EOE

U of San Francisco

English, 
2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117

http://apptrkr.com/269878

Tenure Track Assistant Professor, Creative Nonfiction, MFA in Writing Program 17253

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14816

Department: Arts & Sciences

Job Type: Full-Time

Job Summary:

The MFA in Writing Program at the University of San Francisco invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
creative nonfiction at the Assistant Professor level to begin Fall 2013.

Job Responsibilities:

The teaching requirement is two courses per semester; typically three of these four courses are in the graduate program 
(workshop or craft seminar) and one in the undergraduate creative writing program. Administrative responsibilities 
include serving as coordinator for nonfiction MFA curriculum and performing duties related to admissions 
and thesis approval.

Minimum Qualifications:

Qualifications include an MFA or PhD with creative dissertation, demonstrated expertise in teaching in the genre 
(preferably at the graduate level), and an ability to contribute to an innovative, expanding writing program. Candidates 
must have a strong publication record, with at least one book of creative nonfiction. Special interests, such as 
teaching ethnic literature or teaching in a second genre, are encouraged.

To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: http:// apptrkr 
.com/269878

EOE

COLORADO

Colorado SU

English, 
359 Eddy Bldg 1773 Campus Delivery Fort Collins CO 80523

http://english.colostate.edu/

POSITION DESCRIPTION: ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH: PRE-1900 AMERICAN LITERATURE 
17658

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15862

COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY. This is an updated position announcement. Entry-level, tenure-track, 
nine-month appointment beginning August 16, 2013. Required: Ph.D. in English 
or American Studies (with an 
emphasis in literature and culture between 1600 and 1900) in hand at time of appointment, evidence of scholarly 
potential, and teaching ability. Teaching expectation of 2/2. We prefer paper applications. International candidates 
may send electronic files. Send vita, letter of interest, writing sample (10–20 pages), dissertation/ book abstract, 
statement of teaching philosophy, syllabi for 2 courses taught or proposed, and three letters of reference to Professor 
Paul Trembath, Chair, Pre-1900 American Literature Search Committee, Department of English, 
Colorado State 
University, Fort Collins CO 80523-1773. This is an “open search”: once the search committee has identified semifinalists, 
departmental faculty will have access to those files. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled; 



however, for full consideration application must be postmarked on or before November 1, 2012. Routine inquiries 
to Amparo .Jeffrey@ colostate .edu. A complete position description is posted at http:// jobs .libarts .colostate .edu/ jobs/ assistant-professor-of-english-
pre-1900-american-literature/ Interviews will be conducted at the MLA. CSU is an 
EO/EA/AA employer. 
Colorado State University conducts background checks on all final candidates. [R]

U of Colorado

English, 
226 UCB 101 Hellems Boulder CO 80309

http://www.Colorado.edu/ArtsSciences/Jobs/

Professor of English: 
Eighteenth Century Studies 17544

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15497

Assistant or beginning Associate Professor of English: 
Eighteenth-Century 
Studies

The University of Colorado Boulder Department of English 
announces a tenure-track/ tenured position in the long 
eighteenth century at the assistant or beginning associate professor level, to begin August 2013. For assistant professorship, 
PhD requirements must be completed prior to the start of the position; ABDs will be hired at the instructor 
level until completion. For associate professorship, a strong record of teaching and publication is required. The 
normal teaching load is 2/2 and includes undergraduate English-
major courses and graduate courses.

Applications including a cover letter, a c.v., and names and email addresses for at least three letters of reference must 
be submitted electronically at https:// www .jobsatcu .com, posting # 818564. Applicants who use a portfolio service 
such as Interfolio may list the service’s email address in place of the email of each person providing a reference. Review 
of applications begins on October 26, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. Interviews will take 
place at the MLA convention in Boston.

For questions about the position or about the electronic application process, please contact ENGL .chrasst@ colorado 
.edu. See www .Colorado .edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for a full job description. The University of Colorado Boulder is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
committed to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from women, 
racial and ethnic minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans. Alternative formats of this ad can be provided 
upon request for individuals with disabilities by contacting the ADA Coordinator at hr-ada@ colorado .edu.

U of Colorado

English, 
226 UCB 101 Hellems Boulder CO 80309

http://www.colorado.edu/ArtsSciences/Jobs

Professor of English: 
Postcolonial Literature 17541

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15494

Beginning Assistant, Advanced Assistant, or Beginning Associate Professor of English: 
Postcolonial Literature.

The University of Colorado Boulder Department of English 
announces a tenure-track/ tenured position in Postcolonial 
Literature at the Assistant or early Associate level to begin August 2013. Preference will be given to candidates 
with a specialty in African, Caribbean or South Asian literature. We welcome comparative approaches and 
new theoretical perspectives, including environmental, economic, political and legal. Teaching experience, PhD in 
hand, and a strong record of publication commensurate with position level are required. The normal teaching load 
is 2/2 and includes undergraduate English-
major courses and graduate courses. Junior faculty members receive pre-
tenure research leave support.

Interest in the position consisting of a letter of application, c.v., dissertation or book abstract, writing sample of 25–30 
pages, and letters of reference must be submitted electronically at https:// www .jobsatcu .com, posting # 818563.

Review of applications will begin on October 22, 2012, until the position is filled. Initial interviews scheduled at 
MLA, Boston.

For questions about the position or about the electronic application process, please contact ENGL .chrasst@ colorado 
.edu. See www .Colorado .edu/ ArtsSciences/ Jobs/ for a full job description. The University of Colorado Boulder is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
committed to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from women, 



racial and ethnic minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans. Alternative formats of this ad can be provided 
upon request for individuals with disabilities by contacting the ADA Coordinator at hr-ada@ colorado .edu.

U of Colorado, Colorado Springs

English, 
1420 Austin Bluffs Pky Colorado Springs CO 80918

http://www.uccs.edu

Beginning Assistant Professor, Tenure-Track—Twentieth-Century 
American Fiction and Critical Theory 17611

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15673

Specialist in twentieth-century 
American fiction with expertise in critical theory. Teaching experience and a 
promising research agenda required. Ph.D. required; Ph.D. in English 
preferred. Degree in hand by 10 August 
2013. Teach undergraduate courses each semester in the following areas: twentieth-century 
American fiction, critical 
theory, other areas of specialization. Ability to teach breadth courses in American literature from 1900 to the 
present is required. 2/3 teaching load. Selected candidates interviewed at the MLA meeting, Boston, January 2013. 
Please upload letter of application, CV, names and e-mail contacts for three references, unofficial graduate transcripts, 
and a writing sample (30 pp. maximum) to http:// www .jobsatcu .com, job # 819252. For full consideration, 
apply by 5 November 2012. We will request letters of recommendation from references. Inquiries only to Lesley 
Ginsberg, Search Committee Chair, lginsber@ uccs .edu, (719) 255-4004. Please see www .uccs .edu for more information 
about our department and campus.

CONNECTICUT

Connecticut C

English, 
270 Mohegan Av, Box 5593 New London CT 06320

http://www.conncoll.edu/departments/english/

Assistant Professor of Nineteenth-Century 
American Literature 17439

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15326

The Department of Literatures in English 
at Connecticut College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professorship in nineteenth-century 
American literature. We welcome applications from scholars specializing in 
any period before 1900, from the pre-national and early national periods to the end of the century. Candidates 
should have experience teaching in multiple genres and demonstrate familiarity with American cultural expression 
in its diverse forms. Preference will be given to candidates whose research and teaching interests include the natural 
environment and ecological considerations and will strengthen the department's connections with the natural and 
social sciences, and especially with the college's interdisciplinary Environmental Studies Program and the Goodwin-
Niering Center for the Environment. All members of the department teach courses at all levels.

Connecticut College is a private highly selective institution with a demonstrated commitment to outstanding faculty 
teaching and research. Recognizing that intellectual vitality and diversity are inseparable, the College has 
embarked on a significantly successful initiative to diversify its faculty, student body, and curriculum. The College 
seeks creative scholars excited about working in a liberal arts setting, with its strong focus on engaged teaching, 
participation in shared governance, and active involvement in an institution-wide advancement in diversity.

Tenure-track faculty members teach a 3–2 load (2–2 in the first year). In addition to its ongoing support for teaching 
and research, the College offers tenure-track faculty in their probationary period a summer stipend for the 
first two years; a supplementary research fund; and a semester's sabbatical with full pay after a successful third-year 
review.

Ph. D. is required, but candidates close to completion of their degrees may be considered. Applicants are requested 
to send a letter detailing their research and teaching interests, a curriculum vitae, and a short writing sample (20 pp. 
maximum) to Prof. Janet Gezari, Chair, Department of Literatures in English, 
Connecticut College, 270 Mohegan 
Avenue, New London, CT 06320. Three confidential letters of recommendation should be sent under separate 
cover to the same address. Completed applications (including confidential letters of recommendation) received in 
the department by November 1, 2012 will receive full consideration. Email inquiries can be sent to janet .gezari@ 



conncoll .edu. Applications will be accepted in hard copy only; please do not send application materials via email. 
Interviews will take place at the MLA Convention. [R]

Trinity C

English, 
115 Vernon St Hartford CT 06106

http://www.trincoll.edu

Assistant Professor of Romanticism 17482

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15387

The English 
Department at Trinity College seeks to hire a scholar of Romanticism. We are particularly interested 
in candidates whose approaches expand or complicate traditional definitions of the field. While the candidate’s 
research and teaching should focus primarily on this area, a secondary specialty is highly desirable. Applicants for 
this position should have demonstrated ability to teach both introductory and advanced courses in the field. Ph.D., 
publications, and teaching experience required. We particularly welcome applications from affirmative action and 
minority candidates. Please send a letter of application, c.v., three letters of recommendation and a writing sample 
of 20–25 pages by November 1 to David Rosen, Chair, Department of English, 
Trinity College, Hartford, CT 
06106. Interviews at MLA. Trinity College is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of Connecticut

English, 
215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269

http://www.english.uconn.edu

Assistant Professor in World Literature in English/ 
Digital Humanities 17606

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15672

The English 
Department at the University of Connecticut, Storrs Campus, invites applicaitons for a FT (9-mo) tenure-
track position at Assistant Professor level, with a specialty in World Literature in English 
and a strong interest in 
Digital Humanities, to start Fall 2013. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or other appropriate field; expertise 
in World Literature in English 
and Digital Humanities; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship 
and effective scholarship and mentoring at the graduate/ undergraduate levels; and evidence of engagement 
in institutional and/or professional service. Preferred Qualifications: focus on emerging digital publishing media/ 
venues in post-colonial societies; ability to teach and conduct research in one or more historical periods of British or 
American literature; publication(s) in national/ international journals; and the ability to contribute through research, 
teaching, and/or public engagement to the diversity and excellence of the learning experience. Equivalent foreign 
degrees acceptable. Selected candidate will teach upper-division courses and graduate seminars in her or his field(s) 
of expertise, as well as occasional survey/ general education courses, and, in concert with other new departmental 
hires and with UConn's Digital Media Center, help us develop significant digital components in our research, 
teaching and public programming. Appointment is at Storrs campus with possibility of work at regional campuses. 
Salary is competitive based on qualifications. Visit us at www .english 
.uconn .edu and www .dmc .uconn .edu.

Apply to Husky Hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by submitting your cover letter, CV, evidence of teaching experience, 
and a 15–25 page writing sample. Five (5) letters of recommendaiton should be sent to: Margaret Breen, 
Interim Head, Department of English, 
World Lit search, 215 Glenbrook Road, Unit 4025, University of Connecticut, 
Storrs, CT 06269-4025. Screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. 
The Univeristy of Connecticut is an EEO/AA employer.


U of Connecticut

English, 
215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269

http://www.english.uconn.edu

Assistant Professor in Poetics/ Digital Humanities 17593

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15559

The English 
Department at the University of Connecticut, Storrs Campus, invites applications for a FT (9-mo.) 
tenure-track faculty position at Assistant Professor level, with a specialty in poetics and a strong interest in digital 



humanities, to start Fall 2013. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or other appropriate field; expertise in 
poetics and digital humanities; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship and effective teaching 
and mentoring at the graduate/ undergraduate levels; and evidence of engagement in institutional and/or professional 
service. Preferred Qualifications: ability to teach and conduct research in one or more historical periods of literature 
in English; 
publication(s) in national/ international journals; and the ability to contribute through research, teaching, 
and/or public service to the diversity and excellence of the learning experience. Equivalent foreigh degrees acceptable. 
Selected candidates will teach upper-division course and graduate seminars in her or his field(s) of literary 
expertise, as well as occasional survey/ general education courses, and, in concert with other new departmental hires 
and with UConn's Digital Media Center, help us develop significant digital components in our research, teaching, 
and public programming. Appointment is at Storrs campus with possiblity of work at regional campuses. Salary is 
competitive based on qualifications. Visit us at www .english 
.uconn .edu/, and www .dmc .uconn .edu

Apply to Husky Hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by submitting your cover letter, CV, evidence of teaching experience, 
and a 15–25 page writing sample. Five (5) letters of recommendation should be sent to: Margaret Breen, Interim 
Head, Department of English, 
Poetics search, 215 Glenbrook Road, Unit 4025, University of Connecticut, 
Storrs, CT 06269-4025. Screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. The 
University of Connecticut is an EEO/AA employer


U of Connecticut

English, 
215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269

http://www.english.uconn.edu

Associate/ Fall Professor, British and/or American Literature and Digital Humanities 17583

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15551

The English 
Department at the University of Connecticut, Storrs Campus, invites applications for a FT (9mo.) senior 
faculty position (at the advanced Associate/ Full Professor level) from individuals with a national/ international 
reputation in British and/or American Literature AND with notable accomplishments in Digital Humanities, to 
start Fall 2013. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or other appropriate field; expertise in some area or 
areas of British and/or American literature AND in Digital Humanities; distinguished publications in literary studies; 
national/ international visibility and leadership in Digital Humanities; record of effective teaching and mentoring 
at the undergraduate/ graduate levels; and evidence of engagement in institutional and/or professional service. 
Perferred Qualifications: Strong record of successful grant funding; compatibility with research strengths of current 
faculty; one or more published monographs; and the ability to contribute through research, teaching, and/or public 
engagement to the diversity and excellence of the learning experience. Equivalent foreign degrees acceptable. Selected 
candidate will teach upper-diviison courses and graduate seminars in her or his field(s) of literary expertise 
and, in concert with other new deparmental hires and with UConn's Digital Media Center, help us develop significant 
digital components in our research, teaching, and public programming. Appointment is at Storrs campus with 
possbility of work at regional campuses. Visit us at www .english 
.uconn .edu/ and www .dmc .uconn .edu/.

Apply to Husky Hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by uploading cover letter, CV, evidence of teaching experience, and 
15–25 page writing sample. Five (5) letters of recommendation should be sent to: Margaret Breen, Interim Head, 
Department of English, 
SR HD search, 215 Glenbrook Road, Unity 4025, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 
06269-4025. Screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is filled. The University of 
Connecticut is an EEO/AA employer.


U of Connecticut

English, 
215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269

http://www.english.uconn.edu

Assistant professor of American/ African American literature 17564

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15803

The English 
Department at the University of Connecticut, Stamford Campus, invites applications for a FT (9mo.) 
tenure-track faculty position at the level of Assistant Professor, with a specialty in Ameriacan Literature and a 
strong emphasis on African American Literature, to start Fall 2013. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
or 



realted field by 8/23/2013; expertise in some combination of American Literature at large and African American 
Literature; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship and effective teaching and mentoring at the 
undergraduate/ graduate levels; and evidences of engagement in institutional and/or professional service. Preferred 
Qualifications: Expertise/ experience in digital humanities and/or ethinic studies and/or American studies; ability 
to teach courses in pre-1800 literature; one or more publications in national/ international journals; and the ability 
to contribute through research, teaching, and/or public engagement to the diversity and excellence of the learning 
experience. Equivalent foreign degrees are acceptable. Selected candidate will teach introductory and upper-
division courses in American literature and African American literature and survey and general education courses 
at Stamford, and will have the opportunity to teach graduate seminars in her or his field(s) of expertise at the Storrs 
campus. Appointment is at Stamford campus with possibility of work at Storrs and/or other regional campuses. Salary 
is competitive based on qualifications. Visit us at www .english 
.uconn .edu and www .stamford .uconn .edu.

Apply to Husky Hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu to submit your cover letter, CV, evidence of teaching experience, and 
a 15–25 page writing sample. Five (5) letters of recommendation should be sent to: Margaret Breen, Interim Head, 
Department of English, 
STFD search, 215 Glenbrook Road, Unit 4025, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 
06269-4025. Screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. the University 
of Connecticut is an EEO/AA employer.


U of Connecticut

English, 
215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269

http://www.english.uconn.edu

Assistant Professor in Nature Writing (non U.S.)/Environmental Studies/ Digital Humanities 17599

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15667

The English 
Department at the University of Connecticut, Storrs Campus, invites applications for a FT (9-mo.) 
tenure-track faculty position at Assistant Professor level, with a specialty in Nature Writing (non U.S.) and strong 
interests in Environmental Studies and Digital Humanities, to start Fall 2013. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in 
English 
or other appropriate field; expertise in non-U.S. Nature Writing, Digital Humanities, and Environmental 
Studies; a record of, or strong potential for, distinguished scholarship and effective teaching and mentoring at the 
graduate/ undergraduate levels; and evidence of engagement in institutional and/or professional service. Preferred 
Qualifications: Experience with digital mapping programs; ability to teach and conduct research in some broader 
field(s) of study; publication(s) in national/ international journals; and the ability to contribute through research, 
teaching, and/or public engagement to the diversity and excellence of the leanring experience. Equivalent foreign 
degrees acceptable. Selected candidate will teach upper-division courses and graduate seminars in her or his field(s) 
of expertise, as well as occasional survey/ general education courses, continbute to UConn's new Environmental 
Studies program, and, in concert with other new departmental hires and with UConn's Digital Media Center, help 
us develop significant digital components in our research, teaching, and public programming. Appointment is at 
Storrs campus with possibility of work at regional campuses. Salary is competitive based on qualifications. Visit us 
at www .english 
.uconn .edu/, www .dmc .uconn .edu, and www .ecohusky .uconn,edu/ outreach/ env-studies .html.

Apply to Husky Hire at www .jobs .uconn .edu by submitting your cover letter, CV, evidence of teaching experience, 
and a 15–25 page writing sample. Five (5) letters of recommendation should be send to: Margaret Breen, 
Interim Head, Department of English, 
NW/ENV search, 215 Glenbrook Road, Unit 4025, University of Connecticut, 
Storrs, CT 06269-4025. Screening of applicants will begin immediately and continue until position is 
filled. The University of Connecticut is an EEO/AA employer.


Wesleyan U

English, 
294 High St Middletown CT 06459

http://www.wesleyan.edu/english/index.html

Assistant Professor of Global Anglophone Literature 17366

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15241

The Department of English 
at Wesleyan University seeks a scholar-teacher for a tenure-track position in Global 
Anglophone Literature. We prefer a candidate with a primary focus on 20th and/or 21st Century Anglophone 



literature of Africa, Asia, and/or Oceania. Given the variety of critical foci and vocabularies in use in the field, we 
are open to a wide range of approaches, including (but not limited to): transnationalism, diaspora, postcolonialism, 
and cosmopolitanism. Successful applicants will be prepared to offer broadly-conceived courses in the field, courses 
more narrowly focused on their areas of expertise, and the English 
Department’s gateway, “Ways of Reading.” 
Wesleyan faculty have a strong commitment to both undergraduate teaching and scholarship. Candidates for this 
position should be actively engaged in scholarly research and writing and prepared to teach four literature courses 
per year (two per semester) to undergraduates. PhD in hand or near completion and no more than three years of 
tenure-track employment at another institution.

Please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample (25 pp maximum), evidence of teaching excellence, 
and at least three letters of recommendation electronically to http:// careers .wesleyan .edu/ postings/3607. 
Questions regarding the application process should be directed to Liz Tinker, the department administrative assistant, 
at etinker@ wesleyan .edu or 860-685-2360. Applications received by November 1, 2012, will be given full 
consideration.

Wesleyan University is an equal opportunity employer 
and welcomes applications from women and historically underrepresented 
minority groups. Inquiries regarding Title IX, Section 504, or any other non-discrimination policies 
should be directed to: Sonia Mañjon, PhD, Chief Diversity Officer, smanjon@ wesleyan .edu. [R]

Yale U

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 451 College St New Haven CT 06520

http://complit.yale.edu/

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature, Renaissance-1900 17474

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15402

The Department of Comparative Literature intends to make a tenure track appointment beginning July 1, 2013. We 
look for comparatists who work in more than one literary tradition, with an emphasis on continental Europe in any 
genre (poetry, drama, narrative) from the Renaissance to 1900. Additional expertise in a non-European language 
and literature very welcome. Ph.D. by July 1 2013 preferred. Yale University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity 
employer. 
Yale values diversity among its staff, students, and faculty and strongly encourages applications 
from women and underrepresented minorities. Please submit a letter of application, your c.v., a brief dissertation 
abstract, letters of reference, and a writing sample (25-page max) to https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1869, 
directed to European Literature Search Committee. Review of applications will begin November 1, 2012.

Yale U

Comp Lit, PO Box 208299 451 College St New Haven CT 06520

http://complit.yale.edu

Assistant Professor of 20/21c Literature 17473

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15792

The Departments of Comparative Literature and English 
Language and Literature intend to make a tenure track 
joint appointment beginning July 1, 2013. We seek comparatists whose work in 20/21C literary studies encompasses 
both English 
and at least one other national literature. Areas of interest include but are not limited to: poetry 
and poetics, modernism, translation, and literature in the digital era. Ph.D. by July 1, 2013 preferred. Yale University 
is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity among its staff, students, and faculty 
and strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. Please submit a letter of application, 
your c.v., a brief dissertation abstract, recommendations, and a writing sample (25-page max) to https:// 
academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1870, directed to 20/21C Joint-Lit Search Committee. Review of applications 
will begin November 1, 2012.



Yale U

English, 
PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520

http://english.yale.edu/

Assistant Professor of 20/21C English 
Literature 17428

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15317

The Department of English 
Language and Literature intends to make one or more non-tenured (tenure-track) appointments 
in 20/21C literature beginning July 1, 2013. Areas of interest include but are not limited to: poetry, 
modernism, digital studies, and the English 
language in the era of globalization. Ph.D. by July 1, 2013 preferred. 
Yale University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity among its staff, students, 
and faculty and strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. Please submit a letter 
of application, your c.v., a two-page dissertation abstract, at least three letters of recommendation, and a 25-page 
writing sample to https:// academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1818, directed to 20/21C English 
Search Committee. 
Review of applications will begin November 1, 2012.

Yale U

Library Human Resources, PO Box 208240 New Haven CT 06520

http://goo.gl/uocA1

Curator of American Literature Drama and Prose Writings 17322

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15021

Yale University Library Seeks Applications and Nominations for

Curator of American Literature Drama and Prose Writings

The Curator of Prose and Drama for American Literature is one of two curators who share responsibility for the 
Yale Collection of American Literature at the Beinecke Library. Alongside and in collegial cooperation with a curator 
whose chief responsibilities reside with American poetry, the successful candidate for this position will focus 
on prose, drama, and performance in American Literature. The two curators share responsibility for the James Weldon 
Johnson Collection in their respective areas. It is essential that these two curators work in a cooperative and 
mutually supportive fashion.

For a complete position description and application guidelines, please see: http:// goo.gl/uocA1

Yale University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
[R]

DELAWARE

U of Delaware

English, 
212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716

http://www.udel.edu/udjobs

Associate or Full Professor, Composition Studies 17430

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15319

University of Delaware

PhD in Composition Studies and scholarship appropriate to a tenured appointment required; area of specialty is 
open. Preference will be given to candidates who demonstrate a record of excellence in writing program administration 
and have an interest in contributing to the leadership of the English 
Department’s writing program.

Review of applications will begin October 15, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. For best consideration, 
candidates should submit a letter of application and cv by this date. Apply online at www .udel .edu/ udjobs. Job ID 
100922

The UNIVERSITY OF DELAWARE is an Equal Opportunity Employer.




DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

Catholic U of America

English, 
620 Michigan Av NE Washington DC 20064

http://english.cua.edu

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
17509

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15456

The Department of English 
at the Catholic University of America (Washington D.C.) seeks to make an appointment 
at the assistant or associate professor level for a scholar of 20th Century Irish literature with the ability to teach 
courses in adjacent fields. The department specializes in literary history and aesthetics, and is interested in candidates 
whose research is deeply invested in these areas. Ph.D. expected at time of appointment. Send letter of application, 
C.V., letters of reference, and chapter length writing sample to Ernest Suarez, Chair of English, 
The Catholic 
University of America, Washington, D.C., 20064. Send queries to suarez@ cua .edu. The Catholic University of 
America is the national university of the Catholic Church and was founded as a center of research and scholarship. 
We seek candidates who, regardless of their religious affiliation, understand and will make a significant contribution 
to the university’s mission and goals. CUA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

Georgetown U

English, 
360 New North 37th & O Sts NW Washington DC 20057

http://english.georgetown.edu/

Assistant Professor, Department of English 
17392

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15250

Transatlantic Literature and Culture of the Long Eighteenth Century. We encourage candidates with special interests 
in the Early Americas and Africa, Poetry (1660–1798), Restoration Drama, Comparative Colonialisms, Material 
Cultures, and History of the Book. Candidates should expect to pursue an active research agenda, to teach both 
undergraduate and graduate courses in this field and to contribute through service to the life of the University. 
Minimum requirements include a Ph.D. in literature or a related field by August 2013. Georgetown University is 
an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer 
and strongly encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates as part of its commitment to professional excellence and diversity. This position is located in Washington, 
D.C. Please email your application letter and c.v. to engjobs@ georgetown .edu, noting in the subject line 
the title of the position for which you are applying. Applications sent by November 1, 2012 will receive first consideration. 
Writing samples and dossiers will be requested only after initial screening. [R]

FLORIDA

Florida Gulf Coast U

Lang & Lit, 10501 FGCU Blvd S Fort Myers FL 33965

http://jobs.fgcu.edu

Composition, Instructor I (2 positions), Req. #1649 17530

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15474

The Department of Language and Literature at Florida Gulf Coast University invites applications for two positions 
in its composition program to begin in August 2013. Both positions are continuing multi-year appointments with 
a 4–4 teaching loads. Required: MA in English 
or related field and evidence of strong commitment of teaching 
freshman composition and at least one fulltime year of successful teaching of college composition. Preferred: Expertise 
in any of the following areas is desirable: basic professional and technical writing, rhetoric and composition, 
or computer-enhanced writing pedagogy.

Our 30+ member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a teaching-centered university with more than 
13,000 students. Review of applications will begin November 16th. To apply and attach documents (including 




Interfolio), 
please visit jobs .fgcu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=53327 & apply to Req. #1649. Visit us at http:// 
www .fgcu .edu/ CAS/ Departments/LL/index .asp. FGCU is an EEO/AA employer 
and actively seeks applications 
from women and minority candidates.

Florida Gulf Coast U

Lang & Lit, 10501 FGCU Blvd S Fort Myers FL 33965

http://jobs.fgcu.edu

Composition & Rhetoric, Assistant Professor, Req. #1667 17526

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15472

The Department of Language and Literature at Florida Gulf Coast University invites applications for an Assistant 
Professor position with specialization in Rhetoric and Composition, to begin August 2013. The position carries a 
3–3 teaching load, including undergraduate composition courses and graduate courses in writing pedagogy. Required: 
Candidates must hold a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition and have a proven record of excellence in 
teaching first-year composition and expository writing. They should also have a research agenda focusing at least 
in part on best practices in the teaching of writing and a record of participation in associations and organizations 
concerned with college-level writing instruction. If successful candidate is ABD, appointment will be made at a 
Lecturer level on a fixed contract. Preferred: Candidates will be able to teach graduate expository writing and 
composition pedagogy courses; they will have a record of peer-reviewed publications on the subject of composition 
pedagogy. Expertise in professional and/or technical writing is also desirable.

Our 30+ member department offers B.A. and M.A. degrees within a teaching-centered university with more than 
13,000 students. Review of applications will begin November 16th. To apply and attach documents (including Interfolio), 
please visit jobs .fgcu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=53346 & apply to Req. #1667. Visit us at http:// 
www .fgcu .edu/ CAS/ Departments/LL/index .asp. FGCU is an EEO/AA employer 
and actively seeks applications 
from women and minority candidates.

Rollins C

English, 
1000 Holt Av, Campus Box 2666 Winter Park FL 32789

https://www.rollinsjobs.com/postings/search?query=&query_v0_

Assistant Professor of Creative Non-Fiction 17344

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15117

Assistant Professor of Creative Non-Fiction

Rollins College

Winter Park, FL

The Department of English 
at Rollins College seeks a tenure track Assistant Professor of Creative Non-Fiction 
with a start date of August 2013. The annual course load of the candidate will be 3/3, with an expectation of 
courses in writing, advanced style, composition, introductory literature, and the core of the English 
major and 
writing minor.

A Ph.D. or M.F.A at the time of appointment is preferred; A.B.D.s will be considered. Successful candidates must 
provide evidence of excellence in teaching along with a strong record of publication.

Interested applicants must apply online via the College's employment website, www .rollinsjobs .com, and upload 
the following materials merged together as follows:

(1) A letter of application describing teaching and writing interests

(2) A curriculum vita

Questions may be directed to:

Philip Deaver



Chair, Search Committee

Email: pdeaver@ rollins .edu

When needed, additional information will be requested by the committee. Review of applications will begin November 
1, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted at MLA.

Through its mission, Rollins College is firmly committed to creating a just community that embraces multiculturalism; 
persons from historically under-represented minority groups are therefore encouraged to apply.

Rollins offers a generous benefits package featuring comprehensive health insurance coverage, generous paid time 
off, retirement savings plan with generous employer 
contribution after one year, full tuition waiver after one year 
for employees, spouses, domestic partners and dependents.

Rollins College, one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in Florida, is a comprehensive, liberal arts college 
located on a beautiful lakeside campus in Winter Park, FL, a Metro Orlando community. The College emphasizes 
innovative and quality teaching in small classes, and ranks number one among 121 Southern master's-level universities 
in the annual rankings of "America's Best Colleges," released by U.S. News & World Report.

U of Miami

English, 
PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124

http://miami.edu

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing (Poetry) 17522

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15470

Assistant Professor of English


The University of Miami seeks applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship in creative writing (poetry) 
with teaching responsibilities in both MFA and undergraduate creative writing programs. Minimum requirements: 
appropriate terminal degree; one book of poetry; experience in teaching creative writing at graduate and undergraduate 
levels. The successful candidate is expected to be a publishing writer; to serve as reader or adviser for MFA 
theses; and to serve on the creative writing program committee, as well as other departmental, college, or university 
committees. We are particularly interested in poets who bring multilingual, international, or cross-cultural 
perspectives to their work.

Please send letter of application, c.v., 15-page writing sample, and at least three recommendations to Patrick A. 
McCarthy, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Miami, P.O. Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 33124-4632. 
Applications should be sent by mail (not e-mail) and postmarked by November 5. Selected candidates will be interviewed 
at the MLA meeting in Boston.

To confirm receipt of your application or to ask questions, please e-mail our office manager, Evangelina Callesis: 
ecallesis@ miami .edu. The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, and the department 
seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of Miami is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.


U of Miami

English, 
PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124

http://miami.edu

Assistant professor of American literature with a specialy in African American literature 17400

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15256

Assistant Professor of English


The University of Miami seeks an assistant professor in American literature since 1900, with a specialty in African 
American literature, to contribute to the department’s intellectual life by maintaining an active research and 
publication agenda, teaching courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels, directing dissertations, and serving 
on departmental, college, and/or university committees. We seek candidates with diverse scholarly interests whose 
teaching and research intersect with the work of other faculty in English 
and elsewhere in the College of Arts and 



Sciences. Minimum requirements: Ph.D. with dissertation or refereed publications in the specified field and at least 
one year of university-level teaching experience.

Please send letter of application, c.v., 15–30 page scholarly writing sample, and at least three recommendations to 
Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Miami, P.O. Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 
33124-4632. Applications should be sent by mail (not e-mail) and postmarked by November 5. Selected candidates 
will be interviewed at the MLA meeting in Boston.

To confirm receipt of your application or to ask questions, please e-mail our office manager, Evangelina Callesis: 
ecallesis@ miami .edu. The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, and the department 
seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of Miami is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.


GEORGIA

Agnes Scott C

English, 
141 E College Av Decatur GA 30030

http://www.agnesscott.edu

Assistant Professor of English, 
Creative Writing 17178

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14620

The Agnes Scott College Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track position at the level of assistant 
professor in creative writing with a specialization in poetry. Desirable secondary fields include creative nonfiction, 
fiction, and cross-or multi-genre work. The successful candidate will be expected to teach 200-and 300-level 
courses in poetry and creative writing and will participate in and help shape a strong creative writing program 
that includes a reading series, a project-based senior seminar, and an acclaimed Writers’ Festival going on its 42nd 
year. Many of our creative writing majors go on to MFAs and PhDs. The teaching load is 3–2, and every department 
member teaches one first-year English 
course each year and contributes occasionally to the first-year seminar 
program. We seek an active writer-scholar with a significant and promising publishing record and a commitment 
to undergraduate liberal arts learning. Candidates must have the MFA or PhD in creative writing in hand by August, 
2013. To apply send letter, CV, and three recent letters of recommendation to Christine Cozzens, chair of the 
Department of English 
through Interfolio via the MLA Job Information List or at englishsearch@ 
agnesscott .edu 
(electronic submissions only). Additional materials—including writing sample, syllabi, teaching evaluations, and 
official transcripts—will be solicited from selected applicants later in the hiring process. The deadline for receipt of 
applications is October 30, 2012.

Agnes Scott College is a highly selective, independent national liberal arts college for women located in metropolitan 
Atlanta, a cosmopolitan and ethnically diverse region with a vibrant cultural life. The college is committed 
to providing its faculty with a supportive academic environment that includes a balance of teaching, research, and 
service. Excellence in undergraduate teaching, the establishment of an effective and sustainable research program, 
and service to the department and the college are necessary for tenure and promotion. Support for faculty development 
includes travel funding, a one-semester research leave at full pay after successful completion of the third-year 
review, a post-tenure sabbatical program, and the opportunity to apply for many internal professional development 
awards. Agnes Scott College enrolls a socially and economically diverse student body, and has a strong commitment 
to diversity. The College urges members of underrepresented groups to apply. EOE. www .agnesscott .edu [R]

Berry C

English, 
Rhetoric & Writing, PO Box 350 Mt Berry GA 30149

http://www.berry.edu/academics/humanities/english/

Assistant Professor: Fiction 17557

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15510

The Department of English, 
Rhetoric, and Writing at Berry College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professor in Fiction beginning August 2013. Experience teaching first-year composition and significant experience 
with web and new media publishing is required. This faculty member will shoulder the primary responsibility for 



offering introductory and advanced workshops in fiction. In addition, this faculty member will offer one of the two 
courses in professional writing in our writing track—Writing for Online Environments—as well as 3 sections of 
composition per year. PhD or MFA required. Send application letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Dr. Sandra Meek, Department of English, 
Rhetoric, and Writing, Berry College, P.O. Box 490350, 
Mt. Berry, GA, 30149-0350. E-mail inquiries: smeek@ berry .edu. Review of applications will begin November 1, 
2012 and continue until the position is filled. For more information on our program, please visit our website at: 
www .berry .edu/ academics/ humanities/ english/. 
Berry College is an independent, residential, coeducational college 
of approximately 2,100 students. Located on a 26,000-acre campus near Rome, Georgia, Berry provides an integrated 
education that unites a challenging academic program with opportunities for spiritual and moral growth, 
work experience, and significant service to others. Persons filling out an application for employment with Berry 
College may be required to submit to a full national background check. Berry is an equal opportunity employer; 
women and minorities are encouraged to apply. For ADA Accommodations please contact the ADA Coordinator at 
VTTY 706-233-4062.

Georgia C & SU

English 
& Rhetoric, Campus Box 044 Milledgeville GA 31061

http://www.gcsu.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17515

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15535

Georgia College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor in creative writing, beginning August 
2013. We seek a writer who has published at least one book of literary fiction and has additional publications 
in at least one other genre. Teaching load is 4/4 or equivalent. Evidence of successful college teaching experience, 
completion of terminal degree, and permission to work in US prior to start of appointment are required. Successful 
experience is preferred with one or more of the following: journal editing, script writing, play production, teaching 
the pedagogy of writing/ creative writing, and/or supervising programs for writing in schools. In keeping with 
our liberal arts mission, we will require the successful candidate to help further our goal of inclusive excellence and 
the promotion of cultural, racial, ethnic, and gender diversity. Interviews at MLA. Application must be completed 
at http:// www .gcsujobs .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=52757 before 12/07/2012. EO/AA/ADA compliant; 
committed to achieving diversity and equity [R]

Georgia C & SU

English 
& Rhetoric, Campus Box 044 Milledgeville GA 31061

http://www.gcsu.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17514

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15463

Georgia College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor in international literature, beginning August 
2013, with expertise in any of the following areas: Latin America, Asia, Oceania/ Australia, or North Africa/ 
Middle East. Successful candidate will be expected to design and offer graduate and upper division courses in 
the international area of the English 
major and also be prepared to teach lower division survey courses including 
Global Perspectives (GC2Y). Additional focus on postcolonial literatures, women’s and gender studies, and/
or interdisciplinary studies is desirable. Teaching load is 4/4. Candidate must have completed PhD and be eligible 
to work in US prior to start of appointment. In keeping with our liberal arts mission, we will require the successful 
candidate to help further our goal of inclusive excellence and the promotion of cultural, racial, ethnic, 
and gender diversity. Interviews at MLA. Application must be completed at http:// www .gcsujobs .com/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=52759 before 12/07/2012. EO/AA/ADA compliant; committed to achieving diversity and equity 
[R]



Georgia Southern U

Writing & Linguistics, PO Box 8026 Statesboro GA 30460

http://class.georgiasouthern.edu

Chair and Associate Professor or Professor of Writing or Linguistics 17627

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15693

Twelve-month, tenured appointment requiring a terminal degree in an area relevant to the department. Responsibilities 
to include: administration, research, leadership, and two classes per year; first-year writing program and 
the major; collaboration with area coordinators in technical writing, creative writing, writing studies, and linguistics; 
furthering cross-disciplinary interaction with other departments. Screening of applications begins October 15, 
2012, until position is filled. Salary competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. Preferred 
starting date: July 1, 2013. Send a letter addressing qualifications, a curriculum vitae, and complete contact information 
for at least five professional references. Other documentation may be requested. Only complete, electronically 
submitted applications and nominations sent to Search Chair Dr. David Dudley (dldudley@ georgiasouthern 
.edu. Search #65368) will be considered. Telephone: 912-478-5471. GSU, an AA/EO institutions, recruits individuals 
committed to working in diverse academic and professional communities. [R]

Georgia SU

English, 
PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302

http://www.gsu.edu

Romantic Literature and Digital Humanities 17665

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15870

Georgia State University, a research institution in downtown Atlanta, invites applicants for an anticipated tenure-
track Assistant Professor specializing in British Romantic Literature (particularly poetry) and Digital Humanities, 
to begin Fall 2013, pending budgetary approval. Requires Ph.D. by time of appointment, evidence of strong scholarly 
potential, excellent teaching, and commitment to service. Starting teaching load is 2/2 (graduate and undergraduate). 
Salary competitive. Selected candidates will be interviewed at MLA.

Submission deadline is November 2. Send letter and CV only (in Word and/or PDF format only) to Dr. Calvin 
Thomas, Chair, New Appointments Committee, care of estoehr@ gsu .edu. Minority candidates are strongly encouraged 
to apply. GSU is a unit of the University System of Georgia and an AA/EO employer. 
An offer of employment 
will be conditional upon background verification. [R]

Kennesaw SU

English, 
1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144

http://www.kennesaw.edu/facultypositions/

Chair of Interdisciplinary Studies Department 17328

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15090

ADMINISTRATIVE FACULTY POSITION

Kennesaw State University is advertising for a twelve-month position as Department Chair who also qualifies as 
a tenure-track Associate or Full Professor of Interdisciplinary Studies in the Interdisciplinary Studies Department 
(ISD). The appointment begins January 1 or July 1, 2013. Candidates should possess expertise in one of the disciplines 
represented in ISD and experience as an administrator. An earned doctorate in one of the disciplines represented 
in ISD is required.

Kennesaw State University is a university in Georgia’s public system of higher education. Located in suburban Atlanta, 
KSU currently enrolls more than 24,000 Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral students. For full consideration, 
complete applications should be submitted by October 31, 2012.

For a full description of this position and application procedures, go to www .kennesaw .edu/ facultypositions. [R]



ILLINOIS

Illinois Central C

English, 
1 College Dr Rm 315B East Peoria IL 61635

http://www.icc.edu/jobs

Associate Dean of English 
17245

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14730

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Recruit and orient full-time and adjunct faculty; administer compliance with the faculty collective bargaining 
agreement and with college policies; this includes, but is not limited to: recommend faculty and staff for employment; 
advise the Dean of vacancies and projected staffing needs; supervise and evaluate full-time faculty (and staff 
where applicable); recognize and celebrate faculty and staff, enact disciplinary sanctions and/or termination of faculty/ 
staff employment in accordance with the faculty contract and overall College policies and procedures; collaborate 
to complete classroom observations for fulltime and adjunct faculty; maintain records to ensure adjunct faculty 
have had the following: self-assessment annually, student assessment annually and classroom observations according 
to College policy; coordinate with academic departments, advisors, and enrollment to develop and implement 
course schedule; coordinate the ordering of textbooks and other instructional materials; assist with the processing 
of departmental paperwork; develop and implement program plans for developmental areas; assist with the scheduling 
process of both full-time and adjunct faculty; assist with facilitating the student complaints process; along with 
the supervising Dean, act as a contact person to the department; recommend and administer department budget; 
evaluate departmental courses and programs and prepare program reviews. In addition: assist faculty with the preparation 
of curriculum committee materials, assure course syllabi are maintained and updated on a regular basis and 
act as an advocate for assessment initiatives: course-level, program-level, and institutional (general education); assist 
with the development, evaluation, and maintenance of curricula that respond to student needs and academic department 
needs; assist faculty with maintenance and /or development of course content; participate in professional 
organizations and provide the supervising Dean input on new procedures/ practices regarding disciplines of the department; 
assist with student advisement and act as a resource to the Department Advisors; provide support and act 
as a resource for teaching excellence and student success; orient new full-time and adjunct faculty and recommend 
appropriate developmental activities; mediate personality and philosophical conflicts that may arise among faculty 
and students; serve as a role model and mentor to faculty and staff relative to job performance and professional development; 
represent the department to the College as a whole and to the public (i.e. College Night, Career Day, 
committees/ teams); act as a liaison between the College and outside agencies including: area colleges and universities, 
area high schools, professional organizations and area business and industry; act as a visionary and help to 
advance the department in keeping with the College mission, vision, and strategic goals. This includes timely communication 
to faculty/ staff regarding the college’s strategic priorities and initiatives; facilitate departmental meetings 
and participate on college committees; keep up to date with trends in higher education.

NECESSARY QUALIFICATIONS

Minimum of Master’s degree in English, 
English 
Studies, Reading, Rhetoric, Rhetoric and Composition, or Literature; 
three or more years of direct, full-time teaching experience at the college level, including both transfer level 
and developmental level courses and experience evaluating employees.

APPLICATION PROCEDURE

Qualified individuals interested in this position should apply online at www .icc .edu/ jobs. The deadline to apply is 
Friday, September 21, 2012. [R]

Illinois SU

English, 
PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790

http://english.illinoisstate.edu/

Assistant Professor in Technical Communication Studies 17656

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15845



Illinois State University seeks an Assistant Professor in Technical Communication with research and teaching expertise 
in one or more of the following areas: cultural studies; digital rhetorics; international/ transnational technical 
communication; social justice; usability studies. The selected candidate will join an internationally recognized 
English 
Studies faculty; participate in delivering well-established undergraduate and graduate concentrations in 
technical & professional communication and rhetoric & composition; and help to further develop our focus in international/ 
intercultural technical communication as part of a departmental commitment to global studies. PhD 
required by time of appointment. 2/3 teaching load; competitive salary.

Candidates are expected to have:

• An earned doctorate in Technical Communication or closely related field

• Evidence of promising scholarship in Technical Communication

• A record of successful college teaching in Technical Communication or closely related field.

We additionally welcome candidates with interest and/or experience in any of the following: technical communication 
in the workplace; web application development and design; teaching online or hybrid technical communication 
courses.

Please send letter of application, C.V., and writing sample to Chair of Technical Communication Search Committee, 
Department of English, 
Illinois State University, Normal, IL 61701-4240. Also send three letters of recommendation 
mailed by the recommenders or dossier service. Applications may also be submitted electronically to 
the Technical Communication Search Committee c/o Jeanne Merkle (djmerkl@ ilstu .edu). Review of applications 
will begin November 1 and continue until position is filled. Interviews will be conducted via Skype or phone. The 
successful applicant must be legally authorized to work in the United States by August 15, 2013. The appointment 
begins August 16, 2013.

The ISU English 
Department emphasizes an English 
Studies model in its undergraduate, MA, and PhD programs, 
and includes scholars in the fields of Children’s Literature, Composition, Creative Writing, English 
Education, Linguistics, 
Literary and Cultural Studies, Publishing Studies, Rhetoric, TESOL, and Technical Communication. Our 
Department faculty and graduate students are a community of diverse scholars who value collaborative and interdisciplinary 
work. For additional information about ISU and our Department, please consult english 
.illinoisstate .edu.

Illinois State University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer, 
encouraging diversity. [R]

Northwestern U

English, 
1897 Sheridan Rd University Hall 215 Evanston IL 60208

http://www.english.northwestern.edu/people/job_openings.html

Assistant or Associate Professor in Fiction Writing 17389

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15248

The English 
Department of Northwestern University invites applications for a tenure-line assistant or early associate 
professor in fiction writing, to teach undergraduate creative writing and literature courses and graduate 
fiction writing in a curriculum with a strong reading and analytic component. MFA or PhD required. Ability to 
teach poetry, creative nonfiction, or cross-genre courses helpful. We especially welcome candidates whose work 
and thought engage a wide aesthetic range, formal or generic innovation, and/or the literary art of historically 
under-represented groups. Substantial publications needed (at least one full-length book or the equivalent). Cover 
letter should be specific about your scholarly interests and your expertise, background, or training in teaching both 
creative writing and literature and should include the names and contact info for three referees, one of whom can 
speak about your teaching. Application includes a cover letter, CV, and a fiction sample of 15 to 20 pages (no books 
or complete MSS at this time) and should be submitted online at www .english 
.northwestern .edu by November 1. 
Northwestern University encourages applications from women and minority groups. AA/EOE. [R]



Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville

English 
Lang & Lit, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026

http://www.siue.edu/ENGLISH

Assistant Professor of English: 
African American Literature 17591

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15701

We are seeking a specialist in African American literature for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor 
to enrich our course offerings and to participate in our ongoing scholarly and public humanities projects. The 
position includes a 3/3 teaching load on the undergraduate and graduate levels in the candidate's area of specialization, 
along with survey, general education, and composition courses. PhD required. If PhD is not completed by 
the beginning of the contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all degree requirements are 
fulfilled.

Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master's/comprehensive university located in the St. Louis 
metro east area. Candidates should submit an initial letter of application and vita either online through the link 
above or by mail to: Search Committee African American Literature, English 
Department, Southern Illinois University 
Edwardsville, Campus Box 1431M, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. Candidates who advance to the second 
round will be asked for a writing sample, statement of teaching philosophy, letters of recommendation and transcripts. 
As an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment opportunity without regard to race, 
color, creed or religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under state sponsored 
plans may not be available to holders of F1 of J1 visas.

Preference given to applications postmarked or posted by November 12, 2012; interviews will be held at the MLA 
Convention. Position open until filled. [R]

U of Chicago

Comp Lit, 1010 E 59th St Chicago IL 60637

https://academiccareers.uchicago.edu

Assistant Professor in Comparative Poetry and Poetics 17268

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14823

The Department of Comparative Literature seeks to appoint a comparatist specialized in poetry and poetics (including 
if possible translation theory), with an emphasis on twentieth-century 
and contemporary poetry. The position 
is entry-level Assistant Professor expected to begin Autumn Quarter 2013.

For full consideration all application materials should be received by November 15, 2012, at which time review of 
completed applications will begin and continue until the closing deadline of December 15, 2012. No materials will 
be accepted after December 15, 2012.

The following materials must be received before an application is considered completed:

1) A cover letter and curriculum vitae to be sent online at the University of Chicago’s Academic Career Opportunities 
website at http:// tinyurl .com/cb4bxfs.

2) A copy of the cover letter and curriculum vitae, as well as a dissertation abstract and a chapter-length writing 
sample, to be mailed to:

Chair, Search Committee

Department of Comparative Literature

University of Chicago

1010 E. 59th Street, Chicago, IL 60637.

3) Three recommendation letters to be sent separately by the recommenders to the address above or to Rose Watson 
orwatson@ uchicago .edu by the recommenders.



Position contingent upon final budgetary approval.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer.


U of Chicago

English, 
1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637

http://english.uchicago.edu

Associate Professor of Medieval Literature 17595

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15564

The University of Chicago's Department of English 
invites applications for up to two associate professorships in medieval 
literature. We welcome applications from recently tenured scholars interested in all areas of medieval literature 
and culture, including but not limited to the late Middle Ages, Anglo-Saxon, and work across various linguistic and 
national communities. We are searching at the Assistant Professor and Associate Professor levels and may hire a total 
of two scholars of medieval literature. Candidates applying to the Assistant Professor level, see our other posting.

Candidates for an associate professorship are required to submit a cover letter, CV, abstract of dissertation or book, 
and two writing samples (25–35 pages each, at least one from published work) online at the University of Chicago's 
Academic Career Opportunities website, for Posting Number 01450: https:// academiccareers .uchicago .edu. Online 
applications must be completed before midnight Central Time on Sunday, November 4, 2012.

Positions contingent upon final budgetary approval.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

U of Chicago

English, 
1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637

http://english.uchicago.edu

Associate Professor of 19th Century British Literature 17578

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15549

The University of Chicago's Department of English 
invites applications for an associate professorship in the literature 
and culture of the long nineteenth century (British Romantic and/or Victorian). We expect to hire one 
candidate for either this associate professorship or an assistant professorship. Candidates applying to the Assistant 
Professor level, see our other posting.

Candidates for an associate professorship are required to submit a cover letter, CV, abstract of dissertation or book, 
and two writing samples (25–35 pages each, at least one from published work) online at the University of Chicago's 
Academic Career Opportunities website, for Posting Number 01448: https:// academiccareers .uchicago .edu. Online 
applications must be completed before midnight Central Time on Sunday, November 4, 2012.

Position contingent upon final budgetary approval.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

U of Chicago

English, 
1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637

http://english.uchicago.edu

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 17594

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15560

The University of Chicago's Department of English 
invites applications for up to two assistant professorships in 
medieval literature. We welcome applications from scholars interested in all areas of medieval literature and culture, 
including but not limited to the late Middle Ages, Anglo-Saxon, and work across various linguistic and national 
communities. We are searching at the Assistant Professor and Associate Professor levels and may hire a total of 
two scholars of medieval literature. For candidates applying to the Assistant Professor level, conferral of Ph.D. by 



June 30, 2013, is highly preferred, and Ph.D. degree must be conferred within one year of start date. Candidates 
applying to the Associate Professor level, see our other posting.

Candidates for an assistant professorship are required to submit a cover letter, CV, abstract of dissertation or book, 
and writing sample (25–35 pages) online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career Opportunities website, 
for Posting Number 01449: https:// academiccareers .uchicago .edu. In addition, three letters of recommendation 
must be submitted by referees or a dossier service to the department's chair, Elaine Hadley, by e-mail to 
englishpositions@ 
uchicago .edu. Online applications must be completed before midnight Central Time on Sunday, 
November 4, 2012. Letters of recommendation must be received by Sunday, November 18, 2012.

Positions contingent upon final budgetary approval.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

U of Chicago

English, 
1115 E 58th St, Walker 413 Chicago IL 60637

http://english.uchicago.edu

Assistant Professor of 19th Century British Literature 17573

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15545

The University of Chicago's Department of English 
invites applications for an assistant professorship in the literature 
and culture of the long nineteenth century (British Romantic and/or Victorian). We expect to hire one candidate 
for either this assistant professorship or an associate professorship. For candidates applying to the Assistant 
Professor level, conferral of Ph.D. by June 30, 2013, is highly preferred, and Ph.D. degree must be conferred within 
one year of start date. Candidates applying to the Associate Professor level, see our other posting.

Candidates for an assistant professorship are required to submit a cover letter, CV, abstract of dissertation or book, 
and writing sample (25–35 pages) online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career Opportunities website, 
for Posting Number 01447: https:// academiccareers .uchicago .edu. In addition, three letters of recommendation 
must be submitted by referees or a dossier service to the department's chair, Elaine Hadley, by e-mail to 
englishpositions@ 
uchicago .edu. Online applications must be completed before midnight Central Time on Sunday, 
November 4, 2012. Letters of recommendation must be received by Sunday, November 18, 2012.

Position contingent upon final budgetary approval.

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action /Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

Wheaton C

English, 
501 College Av Wheaton IL 60187

http://www.wheaton.edu/hr

Two Assistant Professors of English 
17290

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14885

The Department of English 
at Wheaton College (IL) invites applications for two tenure-track Assistant Professor 
positions in any field of English 
(except creative writing). We would especially welcome expertise in world literatures 
in English, 
or rhetoric and composition, but we are searching broadly for outstanding teacher-scholars and are 
open to a range of fields. The ideal candidate will also have strengths in teaching composition and general-education 
literature courses. Teaching load is 3/3. Ph.D. required by August 2013. Please see College website for more 
information: http:// www .wheaton .edu.

Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and names of references by November 1 to Dr. Sharon Coolidge, Chair, 
English 
Department, Wheaton College, Wheaton, Il 60187 or via email: sharon .coolidge@ wheaton .edu. Application 
forms will be sent to promising applicants.

Wheaton College is an evangelical Protestant Christian liberal arts college whose faculty and staff affirm a Statement 
of Faith and adhere to lifestyle expectations of the Wheaton College Community Covenant. The College 



complies with federal and state guidelines for nondiscrimination in employment. Women and minority candidates 
are encouraged to apply. [R]

INDIANA

DePauw U

English, 
100 E Seminary 324 Asbury Hall Greencastle IN 46135

http://www.depauw.edu/academics/departments-programs/english/

Tenure-Track Position in Fiction Writing 17463

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15361

Tenure-track position in Fiction Writing beginning August 2013. M.F.A. required; strong record of publication 
preferred; rank and salary commensurate with experience. Teaching includes advanced fiction writing, introductory 
creative writing, contemporary literature for majors, writing-intensive seminar for first-year students, 
and other writing-intensive courses for majors and non-majors. Candidates should show evidence or promise of 
teaching excellence and commitment to undergraduate teaching in a liberal arts setting. Pre-tenure leave and 
funding available for professional/ curriculum development (http:// www .depauw .edu/ offices/ academic-affairs/ 
faculty- development/.....................................................................................). Submit application letter and curriculum vitae to Harry Brown, Chair, English 
Department, 
Asbury Hall, DePauw University, Greencastle, IN 46135. Application review begins October 29 and 
continues until filled. DePauw is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R]

DePauw U

English, 
100 E Seminary 324 Asbury Hall Greencastle IN 46135

http://www.depauw.edu/academics/departments-programs/english

Tenure-Track Position in Medieval and Renaissance Literature 17461

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15359

Tenure-track position in Medieval and Renaissance literature beginning August 2013. Ph.D. required; publications 
preferred; rank and salary commensurate with experience. Teaching includes introductory and advanced courses 
in literature, writing-intensive seminar for first-year students, and other writing-intensive courses for majors and 
non-majors. Candidates should show evidence or promise of teaching excellence and commitment to undergraduate 
teaching in liberal arts setting. Pre-tenure leave and funding available for professional/ curriculum development 
(http:// www .depauw .edu/ offices/ academic-affairs/ faculty-development/). Submit application letter and curriculum 
vitae to Harry Brown, Chair, English 
Department, Asbury Hall, DePauw University, Greencastle, IN 46135. 
Application review begins October 29 and continues until filled. DePauw is an Equal Employment Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. [R]

Indiana U

English, 
1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 47405

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/

Assistant/ Associate Professor of 20th Century African American Literature 17654

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15843

The Departments of English 
and African American and African Diaspora Studies (AAADS) at Indiana University 
Bloomington invite applications for an advanced assistant professor or associate professor specializing in 20th-Century 
African American literature. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English 
or African American Studies. This is 
a 50/50 joint appointment between the two departments, with the tenure home in AAADS. Applicants should send 
a letter of application, book prospectus, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, and a writing sample (25–30 
pages) by November 1. Applications will be acknowledged. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. For further information 
about English 
and AAADS, consult www .indiana .edu/ ~engweb/ and www .indiana .edu/ ~afroamer/.



Teaching load is 2–2 on the semester system. Salary commensurate with rank. The appointment begins August 1, 
2013. This position is one of three advertised this academic year in African American literature and history.

Please send materials to Valerie Grim at vgrim@ indiana .edu or by mail to Valerie Grim, Chair, African American 
and African Diaspora Studies, Memorial Hall M29, 1021 E. Third Street, Bloomington, IN, 47405. Questions 
about the search may be addressed to Valerie Grim (vgrim@ indiana .edu), or Steve Watt, English 
(watt@ indiana 
.edu).

Indiana University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
strongly committed to excellence 
through diversity. Applications from women and minorities are especially encouraged. The University is responsive 
to the needs of dual-career families. [R]

Indiana U

Spanish & Port, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 802 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 47405

http://www.indiana.edu/~spanport/

Assistant Professor in US Latino/a Literature and Culture 17472

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15400

The Department of Spanish and Portuguese invites applications for a tenure-track position as Assistant Professor in 
US Latino/a literature and culture beginning August 2013. The Department is especially interested in candidates 
whose research is theoretically driven and demonstrates an innovative approach to the study of literature and culture. 
IU-Bloomington has a strong tradition of interdisciplinary collaboration, and vibrant communities in Latino 
studies as well as Latin American and Caribbean studies. Evidence of a rigorous research program and commitment 
to excellence in teaching are required. Ph.D. in hand or expected by date of appointment. Native or near-native 
fluency in Spanish required. Cover letter, complete curriculum vitae, dissertation (or book) abstract, writing sample 
(25 pp. or less) and three recent confidential letters of recommendation (sent directly by recommenders or credentials 
service) to Professor Patrick Dove, US Latino Search Committee Chair at uslatino@ indiana .edu or above 
postal address. Applications received by November 1 will receive full consideration. Indiana University is an affirmative 
action/ equal opportunity employer. 
AA/EOE

Purdue U, Calumet

English 
& Philos, CLO 217 Hammond IN 46323

http://webs.purduecal.edu/engphil/

Assistant Professor of English 
17361

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15449

Purdue University Calumet in Hammond Indiana has an opening in the Department of English 
and Philosophy 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of 19th and 20th/21st century British literature to start on August 19, 2013. 
Completed PhD in English 
or closely related field is required by the time of appointment. Candidates able to offer 
advanced undergraduate classes and masters-level seminars in Romantic, Victorian, Modern, and Contemporary 
British literature are encouraged to apply. Class size is typically between 20 and 25 students. Regular duties include 
teaching, participation in departmental and university committee work, and ongoing engagement in scholarly research. 
Purdue Calumet provides release time for scholarship and support for travel. Faculty will have the opportunity 
to participate in interdisciplinary and experiential teaching.

Purdue University Calumet is an academically comprehensive regional university, part of the world-class Purdue 
University system. It is located in Hammond, Indiana, less than 25 miles southeast of downtown Chicago near 
the shores of Lake Michigan, with easy access to such major research libraries such as the Newberry and the Regenstein. 
Purdue Calumet offers associate, baccalaureate and master’s degrees, plus professional certificates in a 
wide range of fields including the liberal arts; natural, behavioral, and social sciences; and professional programs 
for nursing, management/ business, and education, as well as such traditional Purdue strengths as engineering and 
technology. The student body of approximately 10,000 is diverse, with an enrollment that includes some 31 percent 
minority students, and more Hispanic students than any other Indiana university or college. Purdue Calumet serves 
both commuter and residential students, with apartment-style student housing facilities.



Apply through Interfolio using the link above. Submit by December 1, 2012, a cover letter, CV, writing sample 
(up to 20 pages), three letters of recommendation, and transcripts (unofficial ones accepted at this point). Review of 
completed applications begins November 15, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled.

A successful background check is required for employment in this position

Purdue University Calumet is an equal access, equal employment opportunity, affirmative action employer 
committed 
to a diverse workplace [R]

U of Notre Dame

English, 
356 O'Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556

http://english.nd.edu

Assistant Professor of U.S. Latino Literature 17233

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14688

The Department of English 
at the University of Notre Dame, in close cooperation with the Institute for Latino 
Studies, seeks a specialist in U.S. Latino literatures at the rank of Assistant Professor with research and teaching interests 
preferably across two or more such literatures. We are open to all conceptual areas of inquiry and historical 
periods: post-colonial, religion, sexuality, race, the colonial period to the 21st century, etc. The successful candidate 
will also be deeply conversant with U.S. American literature. PhD in hand by August 2013.

The University of Notre Dame, an international Catholic research university, is an equal opportunity educator and 
employer 
with strong institutional and academic commitments to racial, cultural, and gender diversity. Women, 
minorities, and those attracted to a university with a Catholic identity are encouraged to apply. Information about 
Notre Dame, including our mission statement, is available at http:// www.nd.edu.

The University of Notre Dame supports the needs of dual career couples and has a Dual Career Assistance Program 
in place to assist relocating spouses and significant others with their job search. The University is also a member of 
the Greater Chicago Midwest Higher Education Recruitment Consortium.

Please send a letter of application and CV to engljobs@ nd .edu. Full consideration will be given to applications received 
by October 22, 2012. [R]

U of Notre Dame

English, 
356 O'Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556

http://english.nd.edu

Assistant Professor of American Literature before 1865 17232

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14687

Assistant Professor (tenure-track) of American Literature before 1865, preferably with strengths in transnational/ 
multi-ethnic perspectives or in poetics. Ph.D. in hand by August 2013.

The University of Notre Dame, an international Catholic research university, is an equal opportunity educator and 
employer 
with strong institutional and academic commitments to racial, cultural, and gender diversity. Women, 
minorities, and those attracted to a university with a Catholic identity are encouraged to apply. Information about 
Notre Dame, including our mission statement, is available at http:// www.nd.edu.

The University of Notre Dame supports the needs of dual career couples and has a Dual Career Assistance Program 
in place to assist relocating spouses and significant others with their job search. The University is also a member of 
the Greater Chicago Midwest Higher Education Recruitment Consortium.

Please send a letter of application and CV to engljobs@ nd .edu. Full consideration will be given to applications received 
by October 22, 2012. [R]



U of Southern Indiana

English, 
8600 University Blvd Evansville IN 47712

Assistant Professor of English 
and Instructor in English 
17647

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15805

College of Liberal Arts

Composition and Rhetoric: The Department of English 
at the University of Southern Indiana invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor in composition and rhetoric. Ph.D. in composition and rhetoric completed by 
August, 2013. The ideal candidate will have scholarly and teaching interests in professional and technical writing. 
Expectations include undergraduate teaching, publication, and departmental service. Teaching duties (4/4) include 
upper-division courses in composition and rhetoric and freshman composition. Search Chair – Dr. Patrick Shaw

Freshman Composition: The English 
Department of the University of Southern Indiana invites applications for a 
renewable, non-tenure-track faculty in composition (4/4 load) beginning August 2013. Minimum requirements: 
M.A. in English 
and college-level teaching experience. Graduate coursework in rhetoric and composition preferred. 
Search Chair – Ms. Audrey Hillyer

To apply, please follow the directions on our www .usi .edu/hr/employment page to log in or set up an account. 
When you select the Apply to this Job link near the top of this page, you will be prompted to complete the appropriate 
Faculty/ Administration application. When completing the application, you will be given the opportunity to 
attach the additional documents required for this position, which include (1) letter of application; (2) curriculum 
vitae; (3) statement of teaching philosophy 4) contact information for three current references; and 5) unofficial 
transcripts. Materials should be provided electronically within this web-based applicant system and to the attention 
of the search committee chair. Candidates selected for interview are required to provide unofficial transcripts, with 
official transcripts required at a later stage.

Review of applicants will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled.

The University of Southern Indiana is an equal opportunity, affirmative action educator and employer 
that values 
diversity, respects differences, and provides a sense of belonging and inclusion.

Valparaiso U

English, 
1409 Chapel Dr Valparaiso IN 46383

http://www.valpo.edu

Assistant professor of English 
17612

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15674

Assistant Professor of English. 
Tenure track, to begin August 2013. Ph.D. required. TESOL with experience in a 
p – k-12 setting. Additional areas of teaching and research are desirable. Candidates should be interested in working 
at a university engaged in issues in Christian higher education in the Lutheran tradition, that emphasizes excellent 
teaching and commitment to student learning, and is increasing its international enrollment and programming. 
Successful applicants will demonstrate a commitment to cultural diversity and the ability to work with individuals 
or groups from diverse backgrounds. Teaching load is normally three courses per semester. Teaching will include 
undergraduate courses and graduate courses in a department with growing MA programs in TESOL, English 
Studies and Communication with TESOL certification, and an undergraduate TESOL minor. Traditional service 
functions, such as advising and committee work, are expected. Publications are necessary for advancement. Salary 
competitive. Letters outlining qualifications and expressing interest in teaching at Valparaiso University must be 
received by Nov. 2 and will be acknowledged. Include a CV, but do not send your complete dossier. We will request 
full credentials from those we wish to consider further. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the MLA 
in Boston prior to invitations for campus visits. Address inquiries to Elizabeth Burow-Flak, Chair, Department of 
English, 
Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN 46383. (Betsy .BurowFlak@ valpo .edu). Valparaiso University does 
not unlawfully discriminate and aims to employ persons of various backgrounds and experiences to help constitute 
a diverse community. Its entire EOE policy can be found at http:// www .valpo .edu/ equalopportunity/ index 
.php. [R]



IOWA

Coe C

English, 
1220 First Av NE Cedar Rapids IA 52402

http://coe.edu

Assistant Professor of American Literature 17481

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15434

The Coe College English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track appointment in American Literature 
up to 1900. We seek a broadly-trained Americanist, a teacher-scholar committed to the liberal arts who will develop 
curriculum in the field, teaching six literature courses a year at the lower, mid-and upper-levels and a first 
year seminar biennally. Interest in ethnic American studies, hemispheric studies, or transnational literatures is welcome. 
In addition, the opportunity exists to contribute to multi-disciplinary programs in American Studies, African-
American Studies, Environmental Studies, Film Studies, and Gender Studies. Some teaching experience and 
PhD in hand by August 2013 required. Please submit a letter of application, vitae, a succinct statement of teaching 
interests and approaches, and three letters of recommendations at the link above by Nov. 5. Interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA convention. Coe College is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer. 
[R]

U of Iowa

World Langs, Lits & Cultures Div, 111 Phillips Hall Iowa City IA 52242

http://clas.uiowa.edu/gwss/

Assistant Professor of Transnational Sexuality Studies 17480

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15794

The Department of Gender, Women’s and Sexuality Studies (GWSS) and the Division of World Languages, Literatures 
and Cultures (DWLLC) at the University of Iowa invite applications for a tenure-track joint position at the 
rank of Assistant Professor in Transnational Sexuality Studies. Candidates must have native or near-native fluency 
in one of the foreign languages taught in the DWLLC: American Sign Language, Arabic, Chinese, Czech, French, 
German, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Sanskrit, Spanish, and Swahili, and be willing and 
able to deliver instruction at all levels of the graduate and undergraduate curriculum. Candidates should apply by 
submitting a curriculum vitae and cover letter clearly describing their research and teaching interests in Transnational 
Sexuality Studies.

Ph.D. degree required by August 1, 2013

Desired areas of additional expertise include gender studies, literary and cultural studies, and interdisciplinary approaches 
to the study of topics such as diaspora, translation, migration, and global flows.

KENTUCKY

Northern Kentucky U

English, 
University Dr Highland Heights KY 41099

http://artscience.nku.edu/departments/english.html

Chair 17547

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15611

The Department of English 
invites applications for the position of Chair to lead a department of 33 full-time faculty 
members and 30 part-time instructors. A dynamic program featuring award-winning teachers who publish actively 
in a wide variety of fields, we offer undergraduate and Master’s degrees in English 
in areas including literary 
studies, creative and professional writing, composition and rhetoric, and cinema studies. We serve approximately 
300 majors, 100 minors, and 70 graduate students at a public comprehensive university of over 15,000 students. 
This search is open to candidates in all fields; however, candidates in Rhetoric and Composition, Creative Writing, 



and/or English 
Education are especially encouraged to apply. The chair position is a twelve-month, tenured position 
at the associate or full professor rank. Required qualifications include:

• PhD or MFA in English 
or related field

• Record of scholarly and/or creative accomplishment and success in teaching

• Experience in academic administration desired sufficient for running a large department with complex responsibilities 
in supporting literature, writing, English 
education, and general education curricula

• Familiarity with the needs of English 
undergraduate and graduate programs

• Ability to address the mission and vision of the university

• Commitment to public engagement

Applicants should submit a complete dossier online through the link above containing an initial letter of application, 
CV, and letters from three professional references addressed to Dr. John Alberti, Chair, Search Committee. 
Review of applications will begin on November 2, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. More information 
about the search is available at the department website: http:// artscience .nku .edu/ departments/ english 
.html.

Located seven miles from downtown Cincinnati in an area offering an outstanding quality of life, NKU is a nationally 
recognized metropolitan university committed to active engagement with the Northern Kentucky/ Greater 
Cincinnati region of nearly two million people. Our institution is built on core values that emphasize multidimensional 
excellence, learner-centered education, civic engagement, multiculturalism, innovation, collegiality, and 
collaboration across disciplines and professional fields. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, but 
especially from individuals who contribute to the diversity of our academic community. Northern Kentucky University 
is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

LOUISIANA

Tulane U

English, 
6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118

http://tulane.edu/liberal-arts/english/

Assistant Professor of British Modernism 17624

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15709

The Tulane English 
Department seeks applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professorship in British Modernism. 
Candidates should feel free to specify subfield(s). 2–2 teaching load. Please send a letter of application, vita, and 
a 25-page writing sample by November 1 to Michael P. Kuczynski, Chair, Department of English 
at engpos3@ 
tulane .edu. Applications will only be accepted electronically. Letters of recommendation to be requested at a later 
date. Interviews will be held at MLA. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Tulane University is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer.


MAINE

Bowdoin C

English, 
8300 College Stn Brunswick ME 04011

http://www.bowdoin.edu

Assistant professor of medieval English 
literature and culture 17432

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15321

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor rank in medieval 
English 
literature and culture beginning in the fall of 2013. Exceptional candidates in all subfields will be 
given serious consideration. We welcome candidates whose areas of expertise connect to one of the College’s interdisciplinary 
programs or to the larger community of medieval and early modern scholars at the College. Applicants 



should demonstrate a strong commitment to research, a promise of successful scholarly engagement, and dedication 
to teaching excellence in a liberal arts environment. Bowdoin has highly motivated students, a two-course per semester 
teaching load, a junior sabbatical leave policy, competitive salary, and excellent support for faculty research. 
Ph.D. must be in hand upon beginning appointment.

Bowdoin College accepts only electronic submissions. Please visit https:// careers .bowdoin .edu to submit letter of 
application, c.v., writing sample of no more than 25 pages, and the names of three references who have agreed to 
provide letters of recommendation.

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2012, and continue until the position is filled.

A highly selective liberal arts college on the Maine coast with a diverse student body made up of 30% students of 
color, 4% International students and approximately 15% first generation college students, Bowdoin College is committed 
to equality and is an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage inquiries from candidates who will enrich 
and contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. Bowdoin College does not discriminate on the 
basis of age, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran 
status, national origin, or disability status in employment, or in our education programs.

Bowdoin College offers strong support for faculty research and teaching. We recognize that recruiting and retaining 
faculty may involve considerations of spouses and domestic partners. To that end, where possible, the College 
will attempt to accommodate and respond creatively to the needs of spouses and partners of members of the faculty. 
For further information about the college and the department, see our website at www .bowdoin .edu. [R]

Colby C

English, 
5280 Mayflower Hill Waterville ME 04901

http://www.colby.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
(Americanist) 17520

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15465

Applications are invited for a one-year sabbatical replacement, for the 2013–2014 academic year, at the rank of Visiting 
Assistant Professor, from candidates in the field of 20th/21st century American literature with specialization 
in one or more of the following areas: Chicana/o, U.S. Latina/o, Asian American or Native American literatures. 
Anticipated teaching assignments include an annual load of five (5) courses over two semesters, including one section 
of English 
composition, one introductory course in English 
studies, and three specialty courses in the major. 
Composition is a shared responsibility of all members of the department. High priority will be given to candidates 
with demonstrated teaching excellence, publications, and completed Ph.D.

To apply, please send application materials as .pdf or .docx attachments, by no later than January 15, 2013, to 
Professor Katherine Stubbs, Search Committee Chair, americanistsearchvap@ colby .edu. Include cover letter, CV, 
three letters of recommendation, statement of teaching philosophy, and description of research interests.

In order to accommodate highly talented candidates who are simultaneously seeking tenure-track positions, we 
will interview on-campus for this one-year, non-tenure-track visiting assistant professorship beginning March 1, 
2013. Short-listed candidates will be invited for Skype interviews in February. All candidates will be notified of the 
outcome of the search in late spring.

Colby College is committed to equality and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage inquiries 
from candidates who will contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. Colby College does not 
discriminate on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, ancestry or national origin, or age 
in employment or in our educational programs. For more information about the College, please visit our website: 
www .colby .edu



Colby C

English, 
5280 Mayflower Hill Waterville ME 04901

http://www.colby.edu

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 
(Medievalist) 17442

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15327

Tenure-track Assistant Professor position, with a joint specialization in the literature and culture of the medieval 
period (c. 5th-15th centuries) and in the history of the English 
language, beginning September 1, 2013. 
We especially welcome applications from candidates whose interests are cross-disciplinary, trans-historicist, and 
comparative.

The course load is five courses per year, including upper-level courses in the candidate's areas of concentration and 
one section of an introductory writing course, which is taught by all members of the department. Other teaching 
assignments may include the introductory English 
seminar, our comparative literature and cultures sophomore-
level course, and/or literary and critical theory. An exceptional record of both research and teaching is required. 
The Ph.D. must be in hand no later than August 1, 2013.

To apply, please send application materials as .pdf or .docx attachments, by no later than November 15, 2012, to 
Professor Tilar Mazzeo, Search Committee Chair, to: medievalistsearch@ colby .edu. Include letter of interest, CV, 
three letters of recommendation, statement of teaching philosophy, and a writing sample of no more than 25 pages. 
Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews will 
take place at the MLA in January.

Colby College is committed to equality and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage inquiries 
from candidates who will contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. Colby College does not 
discriminate on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, ancestry or national origin, or age 
in employment or in our educational programs. For more information about the College, please visit our website: 
www .colby .edu

Colby C

English, 
5280 Mayflower Hill Waterville ME 04901

http://www.colby.edu

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 
(Poetry) 17519

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15461

Applications are invited for a one-year sabbatical replacement, for the 2013–2014 academic year, at the rank of 
Visiting Assistant Professor, from candidates with demonstrated teaching excellence and publications in the field of 
creative writing, poetry. Anticipated teaching assignments include an annual load of five (5) courses over two semesters, 
of which at least four will be introductory or intermediate poetry workshops. High priority will be given 
to candidates with demonstrated teaching excellence, publications, and completed MFA or terminal M.A.

To apply, please send application materials as .pdf or .docx attachments, by no later than January 15, 2013, to Jennifer 
Finney Boylan, Search Committee Chair, poetsearchvap@ colby .edu. Include cover letter, CV, three letters of 
recommendation, statement of teaching philosophy, and description of creative interests.

In order to accommodate highly talented candidates who are simultaneously seeking tenure-track positions, we 
will interview on-campus for this one-year, non-tenure-track visiting assistant professorship beginning March 1, 
2013. Short-listed candidates will be invited for Skype interviews in February. All candidates will be notified of the 
outcome of the search in late spring.

Colby College is committed to equality and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage inquiries 
from candidates who will contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our college. Colby College does not 
discriminate on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, ancestry or national origin, or age 
in employment or in our educational programs. For more information about the College, please visit our website: 
www .colby .edu



MARYLAND

Johns Hopkins U

English, 
3400 N Charles St 14 Gilman Hall Baltimore MD 21218

http://english.jhu.edu/

Renaissance/ Early Modern Literature 17246

Apply to this position at http://www.interfolio.com/apply/13802

Associate or Full Professorhttp:// english 
.jhu .edu

The English 
Department at Johns Hopkins University announces a search for a scholar of Renaissance/ Early Modern 
literature at the rank of associate or full professor. The teaching load is two courses per semester. Applicants should 
submit letter of application, c.v, and writing sample of 25–30 pages. Applications will be reviewed beginning September 
15, 2012, but we will continue to accept applications until the position is filled. Johns Hopkins is an Equal 
Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.
To get started, select the "Apply" button on the upper right. [R]

Johns Hopkins U

Writing Seminars, 3400 N Charles St, Gilman 81 Baltimore MD 21218

http://secure.interfolio.com/apply/12882

Assistant Professor-Poetry 17419

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/12882

TWO TENURE-TRACK ASSISTANT PROFESSORSDEPARTMENT OF WRITING SEMINARSJOHNS 
HOPKINS UNIVERSITYWe are seeking to fill two positions, one in poetry, one in fiction, both at the assistant-
professor level. Interested applicants should have at least one book of poetry or fiction published, and another near 
completion. Teaching responsibilities (two courses per semester) will include undergraduate and—eventually—
graduate courses. Ability and experience in the teaching of writing and literature are requisite to the job. The 
Writing Seminars, one of the oldest graduate programs in creative writing, offers a two-year Master of Fine Arts 
degree in poetry and fiction, as well as an undergraduate major. Our program leans toward the aesthetic and intellectual 
rather than genre and popular—ends of the literary spectrum. [R]

Johns Hopkins U

Writing Seminars, 3400 N Charles St, Gilman 81 Baltimore MD 21218

http://secure.interfolio.com/apply/12883

Assistant Professor-Fiction 17418

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/12883

TWO TENURE-TRACK ASSISTANT PROFESSORSDEPARTMENT OF WRITING SEMINARSJOHNS 
HOPKINS UNIVERSITYWe are seeking to fill two positions, one in poetry, one in fiction, both at the assistant-
professor level. Interested applicants should have at least one book of poetry or fiction published, and another near 
completion. Teaching responsibilities (two courses per semester) will include undergraduate and—eventually—
graduate courses. Ability and experience in the teaching of writing and literature are requisite to the job. The 
Writing Seminars, one of the oldest graduate programs in creative writing, offers a two-year Master of Fine Arts 
degree in poetry and fiction, as well as an undergraduate major. Our program leans toward the aesthetic and intellectual 
rather than genre and popular—ends of the literary spectrum. [R]

Salisbury U

English, 
1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801

http://www.salisbury.edu

Assistant Professor in English 
Creative Writing (Poetry) 17190

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14634



Creative Writing: The English 
Department of Salisbury University seeks a qualified candidate in creative writing 
specializing in poetry for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning August 2013. Secondary areas of 
expertise are welcome. Three-course (12 hour) teaching load each semester. Terminal degree in creative writing 
required; Ph.D. desired. Significant national publications with national and/or international distribution preferred. 
Salisbury University is committed to fostering a diverse community that embraces faculty, staff, and students from 
all backgrounds. MLA interviews. Salary competitive. Successful candidate must furnish proof of eligibility to 
work in the United States. Applications received by November 1, 2012, will be given first consideration. Applications 
will be accepted via Salisbury University’s Online Employment Application System. Please visit our website at 
http:// www .salisbury .edu/HR/Jobs/. Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity and 
is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer, 
providing equal employment and educational opportunities 
to all those qualified, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, genetic 
information, or sexual orientation [R]

Salisbury U

English, 
1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801

http://www.salisbury.edu

Assistant Professor in English 
Creative Writing (Fiction) 17189

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14633

Creative Writing: The English 
Department of Salisbury University seeks a qualified candidate in creative writing 
specializing in fiction for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning August 2013. Secondary areas of 
expertise are welcome. Three-course (12 hour) teaching load each semester. Terminal degree in creative writing 
required; Ph.D. desired. Significant national publications with national and/or international distribution preferred. 
Salisbury University is committed to fostering a diverse community that embraces faculty, staff, and students from 
all backgrounds. MLA interviews. Salary competitive. Successful candidate must furnish proof of eligibility to 
work in the United States. Applications received by November 1, 2012, will be given first consideration. Applications 
will be accepted via Salisbury University’s Online Employment Application System. Please visit our website at 
http:// www .salisbury .edu/HR/Jobs/. Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity and 
is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer, 
providing equal employment and educational opportunities 
to all those qualified, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, genetic 
information, or sexual orientation. [R]

Towson U

English, 
8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252

http://www.towson.edu/english

Assistant Professor of World /Global Literature 17503

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15534

Tenure-track appointment starting August 2013. World /Global Literature, with concentration in Central and/
or Eastern Europe. Areas of specialization may include comparative literature and/or transnational exchange, with 
secondary expertise in immigrant and/or ethnic literature, translation, German or other Continental literatures, 
or folklore welcome. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment to teaching and evidence of an active 
research agenda. Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; teaching load after this three-
year period will be seven courses per year, with possible occasional course release for exceptional scholarly productivity, 
service, or teaching. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be conferred by time of appointment. Applicants 
should submit an initial cover letter of application (addressed to Professor George Hahn, Department Chair) and 
CV online at the link above. Review of applications begins 9 November 2012. Candidates selected for the next 
stage of review will be contacted to send additional materials. (Regular mail submissions, if necessary, should be 
sent to: English 
Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). Towson University is 
an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, 
minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is contingent on the availability 
of funds at the time of hire. [R]



Towson U

English, 
8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252

http://www.towson.edu/english

Assistant Professor of Creative Non-Fiction 17501

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15531

Tenure-track appointment starting August 2013. Creative Non-Fiction Writing specialist. Sub-fields may include 
lyric essay, free-lance writing, editing, prose style, memoir, and/or rhetoric. Candidates must possess a demonstrated 
commitment to teaching and evidence of an active creative agenda, generally shown by a book or several 
significant journal publications. Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; teaching load 
after this three-year period will be seven courses per year, with possible occasional course release for exceptional 
scholarly productivity, service, or teaching. MFA or Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be conferred by time of 
appointment. Applicants should submit an initial cover letter of application (addressed to Professor George Hahn, 
Department Chair) and CV online at the link above. Review of applications begins 9 November 2012. Candidates 
selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional materials. (Regular mail submissions, if 
necessary, should be sent to: English 
Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). 
Towson University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment 
to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is 
contingent on the availability of funds at the time of hire. [R]

Towson U

English, 
8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252

http://www.towson.edu/english

Assistant Professor of Technical Communication 17500

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15530

Tenure-track appointment starting August 2013. Technical Communication Specialist. Areas of specialization may 
include information design; design, layout, and production; or web-based writing and design. Secondary specializations 
in New Media theory; digital, visual and web-based texts; and writing and communication in the digital 
age are also welcome. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment to teaching and evidence of an active 
research agenda. Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; teaching load after this three-
year period will be seven courses per year, with possible occasional course release for exceptional scholarly productivity, 
service, or teaching. May include online teaching. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be conferred by time 
of appointment. Applicants should submit an initial cover letter of application (addressed to Professor George Hahn, 
Department Chair) and CV online at the link above. Review of applications begins 9 November 2012. Candidates 
selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional materials. (Regular mail submissions, if 
necessary, should be sent to: English 
Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). 
Towson University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment 
to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is 
contingent on the availability of funds at the time of hire. [R]

Towson U

English, 
8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252

http://www.towson.edu/english

Assistant Professor of Early Modern literature 17502

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15533

Tenure-track appointment starting August 2013. Specialization in Early Modern /Renaissance period literature 
with primary interest in the seventeenth century. Secondary interest in feminist literature/ theory and/or gender 
studies also welcome. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment to teaching and evidence of an active 
research agenda. Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; teaching load after this 
three-year period will be seven courses per year, with possible occasional course release for exceptional scholarly 



productivity, 
service, or teaching. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be conferred by time of appointment. Applicants 
should submit an initial cover letter of application (addressed to Professor George Hahn, Department Chair) 
and CV online at the link above. Review of applications begins 9 November 2012. Candidates selected for the next 
stage of review will be contacted to send additional materials. (Regular mail submissions, if necessary, should be 
sent to: English 
Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001). Towson University is 
an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, 
minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. This position is contingent on the availability 
of funds at the time of hire. [R]

Washington C

English, 
300 Washington Av Chestertown MD 21620

http://www.washcoll.edu

Assistant Professor of English—
Creative Writing (Poetry and Nonfiction) 17510

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15457

The Department of English 
at Washington College seeks to hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization 
in creative writing (poetry and nonfiction) to begin August 2013. A Ph.D. or M.F.A. in English 
or Creative 
Writing is required; evidence of teaching excellence on the college level and potential for significant publication are 
expected. The successful candidate will have interest in teaching and mentoring students in a residential, liberal arts 
college environment. This position involves teaching a 3/3 load, including both introductory and advanced writing 
and literature courses. Applicants should submit a letter, curriculum vitae (with references) and a writing sample 
through our online portal Consensus, at https:// highereddecisions .com/ wcm/ current_ vacancies .asp. Applications 
must be received by Nov. 1, 2012 for full consideration. Dossiers will be requested after initial screening; interviews 
of selected candidates will be held at the MLA convention. Washington College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.

MASSACHUSETTS

American Academy of Arts & Sciences

Human Resources, 136 Irving Street 136 Irving Street Cambridge MA 02138

http://www.amacad.org

American Academy of Arts & Sciences Visiting Scholars Program Fellowship 17336

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15111

AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ARTS & SCIENCES

JUNIOR FACULTY AND POSTDOCTORAL FELLOWSHIPS

2013–2014

DEADLINE: OCTOBER 15, 2012

The American Academy of Arts and Sciences, an international learned society located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, 
invites applications for its Visiting Scholars Program. Preference will be given to untenured junior faculty. 
Qualified postdoctoral scholars are also invited to apply. Candidates who are completing scholarly manuscripts are 
especially welcome. The Academy seeks proposals that relate to American history, culture, and public policy from 
the founding period to the present.

Visiting Scholars are based in Cambridge and have the opportunity to participate in seminars and other Academy 
events.

Terms of Award: The stipend is $40,000 for postdoctoral scholars; $60,000 for junior faculty (not to exceed one half 
of salary).



For Further Information: Contact the Visiting Scholars Program, American Academy of Arts & Sciences, 136 Irving 
Street, Cambridge MA 02138 (vsp@ amacad .org). Application information is available on the Academy’s website 
(www .amacad .org).

Babson C

Arts & Humanities Div, 231 Forest St Babson Park MA 02457

http://www.babson.edu

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 17327

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15089

Applications are invited for a tenure-track position in the Arts and Humanities Division at Babson College. We 
seek to hire an assistant professor with a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature, or with a Ph.D. in English 
plus qualifications 
to teach literature originating in at least one other language or culture.

Candidates must have completed their doctorate by the time of appointment and provide evidence of scholarly 
promise. Candidates must be qualified and willing to teach in our Foundation Program, which includes any newly 
conceived Introduction to the Humanities and Social Sciences (the likely replacement of the existing AHF and HSF 
courses), as well as the occasional Rhetoric course. Beyond teaching, duties include research and professional service 
within the College and community.

Applicants should submit materials by October 10, 2012 through Babson College’s online hiring system at: https:// 
babson .peopleadmin .com

Materials for submission include: 1) letter of application, 2) vita that includes teaching, research, and work experience, 
and 3) 3 letters of recommendation.

College Summary:

Babson College, located fourteen miles west of Boston, is an independent school of management that takes a unique 
approach to preparing undergraduates, graduate students, and working professionals for the challenges of the modern 
business world. Babson’s dynamic curriculum focuses on developing skills that transcend business so that students 
develop multidimensional abilities that prepare them to make important contributions to business and society. 
Our students understand that economic and social value creation are not mutually exclusive, but instead are integral 
to each other. The fundamental business skills and entrepreneurial mindset they cultivate at Babson equip them to 
make a difference on campus and around the world.

Babson has nearly 2,000 full-time undergraduate students and more than 1,300 full and part-time graduate students. 
Our highly diverse student body hails from 45 U.S. states and 57 countries. Non-U.S. students comprise 
more than 20% of undergraduates and more than 40% of our full time graduate students. Babson offers a Bachelor 
of Science degree, MS and MBA programs, and executive education programs worldwide.

We seek faculty who are aligned with our values of teaching excellence, collaboration, diversity and inclusiveness, 
and those who embrace our mission to educate leaders who create great economic and social value everywhere. We 
seek candidates who are eager to engage as educators among a diverse student community.

College-wide Faculty Requirements:

We are looking for an accomplished teacher/ scholar with:

• passion about teaching and a proven track record of teaching excellence and innovative curriculum development;

• depth in scholarly or practical expertise that will add to the intellectual community of the College;

• willingness to lead and collaborate with faculty from multiple disciplines to design and teach courses in an integrated, 
cross-disciplinary context;

• curiosity about and facility with technology and the possibility of teaching in a blended/ online environment;

• skills to navigate and embrace complexity, ambiguity, and change;



• experience in teaching, service, and scholarship in ways that will enhance the college’s commitment to diversity 
and inclusion; and

• engagement as a helpful colleague who is committed to the success of Babson College.

Babson is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Bentley U

English 
& Media Studies, 175 Forest St AAC 091 Waltham MA 02452

http://www.Click2Apply.net/x3grxr7

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of English/ 
Director of ESOL 17212

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14642

Posting Number: FY1211207

Title: Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of English/ 
Director of ESOL

Division: AA-Academic Affairs

Position Department: English 
and Media Studies

Position Classification: FF-Full Time Faculty

Title of Person to which Position Reports: Chair of English 
& Medial Studies

Description of Duties: 

The English 
and Media Studies Department at Bentley University invites applications for a tenure-track advanced 
Assistant or Associate Professor to serve as ESOL director. We seek applicants with a record of publication and 
other scholarly activity in ESOL studies, excellence in teaching ESOL composition at the undergraduate level, and 
strong leadership, organizational, and interpersonal skills. A secondary specialty in applied linguistics, rhetoric, literature, 
film, communication or media studies is highly desirable. 

Preference: PhD completed on or before July 2013.

Additional Description of Duties: The ESOL director administers and teaches in the undergraduate ESOL expository 
writing program for fully matriculated international students, works closely with the ESOL Center director 
and faculty tutors, and oversees the coordinator for the ESOL graduate tutorials and seminars. Additional duties 
include recruiting adjunct ESOL writing faculty as needed, working with the director of expository writing to 
oversee the placement of all expository writing students each year, and meeting with representatives of the graduate 
school, international student offices, and career services to coordinate international undergraduate and graduate 
student academic support. The ESOL director also serves as a resource for university faculty and staff and conducts 
workshops across the curriculum. This position presents an opportunity for leadership at the university level and 
potential for developing an English 
language institute program.

Position Qualifications: 

Applications must be submitted online at https:// jobs .bentley .edu/. Review will begin October 15, 2012. Please 
include cover letter, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching philosophy, and three letters of reference.

Required Applicant Documents: Resume/ Curriculum Vitae

Cover Letter

Teaching Philosophy

Letter of Reference 1

Letter of Reference 2

Letter of Reference 3

Research Statement



Optional Applicant Documents: Teaching Evaluations

Posting Date: 06–01–2012

Closing Date: Open Until Filled

Special Instructions to Applicants: During the on-line process applicants will be prompted to enter reference contact 
information. We will contact references only for those candidates who remain under consideration after the 
initial screening process.

Bentley University requires reference checks and may conduct other pre-employment screening.

Bentley University is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
building strength through diversity .

Bridgewater SU

English, 
45 School St 340 Tillinghast Hall Bridgewater MA 02325

http://www.bridgew.edu

Department of English, 
Assistant Professor in Composition and Rhetoric (tenure track) 17207

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14617

Technical and Professional Writing: The candidate should be a specialist in technical and professional writing, with 
an interest in developing courses that emphasize document design, visual rhetoric, and workplace writing studies. 
Applicants should be willing to participate in the university's first-year composition program or develop courses 
to meet general education requirements including the First and Second Year Seminar. The department seeks a 
colleague committed to the ongoing development of its expanding Writing and Writing Studies minor and concentration, 
as well as the development of an MA program in Composition-Rhetoric. The candidate joins a vibrant 
campus supportive of writing that includes a thriving writing center, Writing Across the Curriculum program, and 
Undergraduate Research program. The ideal candidate demonstrates interest in working with a diverse student 
body and offers expertise that complements the program's current strengths. Such expertise might include but is not 
limited to secondary specialization in rhetorical theory, history of rhetoric, new media studies, or second language 
writing studies.

Required Minimum Qualifications:

PhD in Composition-Rhetoric or equivalent field, with a scholarly focus on technical and professional writing.

Preferred Qualifications:

Applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, and to working in a multicultural 
environment that fosters diversity. They should also have an ability to use technology effectively in teaching and 
learning, the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment to public higher 
education.

Special Instructions to Applicants:

Applications received by Oct. 15, 2012 will be given preference. Position will remain open until filled.

Salary: Commensurate with qualifications and experience.

TO APPLY: Interested applicants should apply online at http:// jobs .bridgew .edu

Bridgewater State University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
which actively seeks to increase 
the diversity of its workforce. [R]

Hampshire C

Humanities, Arts, & Cultural Studies, 893 West St Amherst MA 01002

http://www.hampshire.edu

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing and African American Literary Arts 17425

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15789



Hampshire College’s Creative Writing Program invites applications for an Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 
and African American Literary Arts, to begin in fall 2013. We seek a writer (of poetry, fiction, and/or creative nonfiction) 
whose artistic and critical work is engaged with the histories, literary arts, and cultures of people of African 
descent, particularly in the United States. We are especially interested in candidates whose work explores the intersections 
of creative practice, research and issues of social justice. We seek candidates who are interested in teaching 
workshop-based courses as well as modeling for students what it can mean for writers to engage with literature 
through critical and theoretical lenses.

At least two years of college level teaching, a terminal degree (MFA or PhD), an active interest in critical pedagogy, 
and a record of publication are essential. The Creative Writing Program is part of the School for Interdisciplinary 
Arts, which includes arts and social action as one of its key mandates. In keeping with the School’s mission statement, 
students are encouraged to consider issues of social justice and the power of art to change lives. The School’s 
robust collegial atmosphere depends on close collaboration, and collective openness to experimentation and artistic 
cross-pollination.

Hampshire is committed to building a diverse creative community and energetically invites applications from 
scholar-artists who are underrepresented in the academy. We offer a competitive salary and an excellent benefits 
program. The deadline for application submission is Friday, October 19, 2012. Applicants should submit a cover 
letter describing their professional experience, current interests and projects, and envisaged contribution to Hampshire’s 
unique experimenting environment; a one page statement of teaching philosophy; a current curriculum 
vitae; a writing sample of no more than fifteen pages; and the names and contact information for three recommenders 
via our website at:

https:// jobs .hampshire .edu/

*Please note that we will accept, in addition to your online application, hard copies of your writing sample (only) if 
you feel your work is best represented in this way. These materials can be mailed to us at:

Search Committee

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing and African American Literary Arts

School for Interdisciplinary Arts—WP 

Hampshire College

893 West Street

Amherst, MA 01002

Hampshire College is an equal opportunity institution, committed to diversity in education and employment.

Harvard U

Comp Lit, Dana Palmer House 16 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138

http://complit.fas.harvard.edu/icb/icb.do

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 17555

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15562

Harvard University. The Department of Comparative Literature seeks to appoint a tenure-track assistant professor 
in comparative literature. The appointment is expected to begin on July 1, 2013. Teaching duties will include four 
courses a year at the undergraduate and graduate levels.

Applicants must have received the PhD or equivalent degree in the past three years (2009 or later), or show clear 
evidence of planned receipt of the degree by the beginning of employment.

Applicants must demonstrate substantial work with original-language materials in at least three languages. Applications 
are invited from people working in any period from 1500 to the present and in any world region(s). Priority 
will be given to applicants engaged with issues of comparative literary theory and method, and working in creative 
combinations of languages and literatures or film and digital media.



Submit a cover letter, c.v., dissertation abstract, 25-page writing sample, teaching statement, research statement, and 
the names and contact information of three references through the ARIeS portal (http:// academicpositions .harvard 
.edu) no later than October 15, 2012. Harvard is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. 
Applications 
from women and minorities are strongly encouraged.

Harvard U

Women's Studies in Religion Program, 45 Francis Avenue Cambridge MA 02138

http://www.hds.harvard.edu/wsrp/index.htm

Research Associate and Visiting Faculty 17188

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14670

HARVARD DIVINITY SCHOOL announces five full-time positions as Research Associate and Visiting Faculty 
for 2013–14 in its Women’s Studies in Religion Program. Proposals for book-length research projects utilizing 
both religion and gender as central categories of analysis are welcomed. Priority will go to book projects 
for which most research has been completed. They may address women and religion in any time, place or religious 
tradition, and may utilize disciplinary and interdisciplinary approaches from across the fields of theology, 
the humanities, and the social sciences. Full-time residence at Harvard Divinity School during the 2013–14 
academic year is required. Associates meet together regularly for collective discussion of research in progress; 
each Associate teaches a one-semester course related to the research project; and the Associates present their research 
in a public lecture series. Salary for 2013–14 will be $50,000. The appointment is full-time, lasting ten 
months, and includes health benefits and reimbursement of some expenses. Completed applications must 
be submitted online by October 15, 2012. Applicants must have received their PhD by October 1, 2012. Letters 
of recommendation should be addressed to the WSRP Search Committee and submitted electronically in 
word, rich text, or PDF format to wsrprec@ hds .harvard .edu. Information and application may be accessed at 
http:// www .hds .harvard .edu/ wsrp/ appform/ application .htm. [R]

Tufts U

English, 
East Hall 210 Medford MA 02155

http://ase.tufts.edu/english/

African American Literature, Associate or Full Professor 17566

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15450

The Department of English 
at Tufts University is seeking a distinguished scholar of African American Literature 
for a position as Associate or Full Professor. Candidates should demonstrate excellence in scholarship and teaching, 
with primary interests in any area of African American literature but with the ability to teach courses in African 
American literature from its beginnings to the present. Secondary strength preferred in any of the following: African 
diaspora literatures and theories, visual or material culture, or history of the book. The candidate should be 
able to teach graduate as well as undergraduate level advanced and introductory courses (including a survey) and 
must have a substantial record of publication. While the appointment will be in the English 
Department, the candidate 
hired will have an explicit teaching, advising, and service commitment in the new interdisciplinary program 
in Race and Ethnicity Studies.

Preliminary interviews will take place at the MLA convention in Boston. Please address letter of application, CV, 
and three letters of recommendation and writing sample (no more than twenty five pages) to Christina Sharpe, 
Search Committee Chair, all materials must be submitted through Interfolio at https:// secure .interfolio .com/ 
apply/15450. Review of applications begins November 1st 2012 and continues until the position is filled.

Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
We are committed to increasing the diversity 
of our faculty. Members of underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.



Tufts U

English, 
East Hall 210 Medford MA 02155

http://ase.tufts.edu/english/

19th-Century 
American Literature, Assistant Professor, Tenure-track 17561

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15466

Tenure-track opening for assistant professor of nineteenth-century 
American Literature. PhD must be awarded by 
August 2013. Expertise in American authors of the nineteenth-century, 
preferably of the middle decades, along 
with the ability to teach introductory, advanced, and graduate-level courses in antebellum and post-bellum nineteenth–
century literature. Preference will be given to those with secondary strength in colonial era American literatures 
as well. Candidates must demonstrate significant research potential; strong teaching record preferred.

Preliminary interviews will take place at the MLA convention in Boston. Please address letter of application, CV, 
and three letters of recommendation and writing sample (no more than twenty five pages) to Joseph Litvak, Search 
Committee Chair, all materials must be submitted through Interfolio at https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/15466. 
Review of applications begins November 1st 2012 and continues until the position is filled.

Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
We are committed to increasing the diversity 
of our faculty. Members of underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply.

U of Massachusetts

English, 
Bartlett Hall 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003

http://umass.edu/english

Assistant/ Advanced Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 17565

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15537

Creative Writing (Fiction). Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor, tenure track, to begin Fall 2013. To offer instruction 
in MFA Fiction Workshops and in modern and contemporary fiction on the graduate and undergraduate 
level, and to serve on MFA thesis committees. Our MFA in Creative Writing is one of the oldest and most distinguished 
graduate writing programs in the country. Active participation in the Department is expected as well as a 
willingness to participate in the administration of the MFA program. Qualifications: The successful applicant will 
have already published at least one book and demonstrate a strong ongoing record of publication. MFA, PhD in a 
closely related field, or equivalent, and evidence of outstanding college-level teaching are required. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications. Priority Deadline: November 15, 2012. Send applications (vita, three letters of recommendation, 
sample of written work) to Chair, Creative Writing Fiction Search, c/o Meg Caulmare, Department 
of English, 
Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003-9269. The English 
Department is committed to active recruitment of a diverse faculty and student body. UMass Amherst is a member 
of the Five College consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges. The University 
of Massachusetts is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of minority 
groups are encouraged to apply. www .umass .edu/ english 
. [R]

U of Massachusetts, Lowell

English, 
61 Wilder St Lowell MA 01854

http://www.uml.edu

Lecturer: English 
Generalist for Online Teaching and Program Development (2 positions) 17560

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15511

The Department of English 
at the University of Massachusetts Lowell seeks energetic and collaborative colleagues 
and outstanding teachers for two full-time, non-tenure-track lectureships. While these are not tenure-track lines, 
they are renewable positions with full-time salary, benefits, professional development, and the possibility of promotion 
to senior lecturer after six years.



These two faculty members will take leading roles in the English 
Department's development of an online B.A. in 
English. 
This degree will complement the department's thriving undergraduate major (which serves nearly 400 undergraduate 
students and houses 36 full-time faculty). These Lecturers will work closely with other full-time faculty 
to implement an innovative on-line curriculum, while also developing new courses in their areas of expertise.

These positions will begin mid-year (January 2013); the first semester will include no teaching responsibilities: the 
department has committed the first semester to an intensive acculturation and planning process in which the lecturers 
will collaborate with colleagues to develop and refine the course offerings for the online degree. Following 
the program launch in fall of 2013, most teaching will be online, with occasional face-to-face courses in the faculty 
members' areas of expertise. The successful candidates together will provide significant coverage from among the 
following areas: British literary traditions, American literary traditions, world literatures in English, 
creative writing, 
and professional and technical writing.

Responsibilities for the positions will include the following:

-3–3 Teaching load

-Teaching core courses for the online degree

-Teaching occasional online and face-to-face courses in area of expertise

-Collaborating with colleagues to author innovative and challenging online courses

-Providing professional development and support to ensure best practices in online pedagogy and assessment

-Advising online majors and assessing student portfolios

-Fostering a robust community around the department's online teaching and learning

-Working with Department Chair to oversee and manage online schedule and enrollment

-Carrying out department service and committee work.

Located along the Merrimack River 30 miles north of Boston, the University of Massachusetts Lowell serves a diverse 
population of 13,000 students in over 120 degree programs. It is also a leader in innovative on-line education, 
boasting a well-established curriculum of over thirty online undergraduate and graduate certificates and degrees. 
The city of Lowell is the birthplace of the American Industrial Revolution as well as Jack Kerouac, and is home to 
a National Historical Park and a vibrant local arts and culture scene. The University encourages its students to engage 
in interdisciplinary thinking, service, and experiential learning.

Minimum Qualifications:

-Earned Doctorate in English 
or related subject

-5 years of experience teaching online at the college level

Other Considerations:

-Demonstrated expertise in online teaching and program development or research in online pedagogy

-Primary or secondary specialty and ability to develop and offer courses in one or more of the following areas: 
American literary traditions, British literary traditions, world literatures in English, 
creative writing, professional 
and technical writing

-Demonstrated excellence in teaching

-Excellent communication skills [R]

Wellesley C

English, 
106 Central St Wellesley MA 02481

http://wellesley.edu

Open Rank Professor-English 
17380

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15245



The Wellesley College English 
Department invites applications from specialists at any rank in the field of African 
American literature for an open rank, tenure track opening. PhD preferred (ABD considered). Preference will be 
given to candidates who work both on major 20th-century 
African American writers and on some other aspect 
or period of African American literature and culture. If above the assistant level, the successful candidate will 
have a strong publication record in these areas. Normal teaching program is two courses per semester, including 
some teaching at the introductory level. Please address letter of application and CV by November 1, 2012, to 
James Noggle, Chair of the Search Committee, and submit them through Wellesley’s on-line application system at 
https:// career .wellesley .edu. If circumstances make it impossible to submit materials electronically, email working@ 
wellesley .edu for assistance. Wellesley College is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer, 
and we are 
committed to increasing the diversity of the college community and the curriculum. Candidates who believe they 
can contribute to that goal are encouraged to apply.

Williams C

English, 
Williamstown MA 01267

http://dean-faculty.williams.edu/prospective-faculty/faculty

Assistant Professor of World Anglophone Literatures 17354

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14760

The English 
Department of Williams College seeks to fill a full-time tenure-track position in world Anglophone 
literatures, with a specialization in the literature of South Asia, beginning in fall 2013. Appointments are normally 
at the beginning assistant professor level, although a more senior appointment is possible under special circumstances. 
Candidates should have Ph.D. or dissertation completed by the beginning of the appointment.

Teaching responsibilities include a 2–2 workload with a Winter Study term every other January. Candidates should 
be prepared to teach a range of introductory courses, as well as courses in their field. Qualified candidates should 
apply by Nov. 5 with a letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample (25 pp. or less), and three or more letters 
of recommendation. Please include a list of courses taken in graduate school and an email address. Applicant s 
may apply at https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/14760 . All offers of employment are contingent upon completion 
of a background check.

Williams College is a coeducational liberal arts institution located in the Berkshire Hills of western Massachusetts 
with easy access to the culturally rich cities of Albany, Boston, and New York City. The College is committed to 
building and supporting a diverse population of approximately 2,000 students, and to fostering an inclusive faculty, 
staff, and curriculum. Williams has built its reputation on outstanding teaching and scholarship and on the 
academic excellence of its students. Please visit the Williams College website (http:// www .williams .edu). Beyond 
meeting fully its legal obligations for non-discrimination, Williams College is committed to building a diverse and 
inclusive community where members from all backgrounds can live, learn, and thrive. [R]

Williams C

English, 
Williamstown MA 01267

http://dean-faculty.williams.edu/prospective-faculty/faculty

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing (Poetry) 17353

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14764

The English 
Department of Williams College seeks to fill a full-time tenure-track position in Creative Writing 
(Poetry), beginning in fall 2013. Appointments are normally at the beginning assistant professor level. Requirements 
include at least one book with a nationally recognized press, as well as evidence of excellence in teaching. 
Candidates should have MFA or PhD, or a completed thesis, in field by the time of appointment. Interviews will 
take place at the MLA convention in Boston, Jan. 3–6.

Teaching responsibilities include a 2–2 workload with a Winter Study term every other January. Normally, two of 
a year’s regular-semester courses will be poetry writing workshops, the others literature courses, introductory or 
advanced, of the candidate’s design.



Qualified candidates should apply by Nov. 5 with a letter of application, curriculum vitae, brief writing sample 
(8–10 pages of poetry), three or more letters of recommendation, and full descriptions (including syllabi if possible) 
of at least two literature courses the candidate would like to teach (courses need not have been already taught to be 
proposed). Applications should be sent through https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/14764/. All offers of employment 
are contingent upon completion of a background check.

Williams College is a coeducational liberal arts institution located in the Berkshire Hills of western Massachusetts 
with easy access to the culturally rich cities of Albany, Boston, and New York City. The College is committed to 
building and supporting a diverse population of approximately 2,000 students, and to fostering an inclusive faculty, 
staff, and curriculum. Williams has built its reputation on outstanding teaching and scholarship and on the 
academic excellence of its students. Please visit the Williams college website (http:// www .williams .edu). Beyond 
meeting fully its legal obligations for non-discrimination, Williams College is committed to building a diverse and 
inclusive community where members from all backgrounds can live, learn, and thrive. [R]

MICHIGAN

U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/daas

African diaspora and/or Caribbean literatures, Open Rank 17334

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15092

Open Rank, starting date September 2013, university-year appointment.

The Department of Afroamerican and African Studies and the Department of English 
Language and Literature at 
the University of Michigan expect to make an appointment in 2013–2014 in African diaspora and/or Caribbean 
literatures. This position will be part of a two-person cluster hire in Africana literatures in the College of Literature 
Science & the Arts (see job posting in English). 
Ideal candidates for the joint position will have expertise in 
Anglophone Caribbean literatures and may also have expertise in Caribbean literatures written in Spanish and/or 
French. We are particularly interested in candidates whose research and teaching foreground gender and sexuality. 
Rank is open; period is also open. Please send letter of application, c.v., statement of current and future research 
plans, statement of teaching philosophy and experience, writing samples, and evidence of teaching excellence by 
November 1, 2012 to Professor Tiya Miles, Chair, Department of Afroamerican and African Studies, University of 
Michigan, 4700 Haven Hall, 505 S. State St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1045, Attention: Recruitment Coordinator. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/ affirmative 
action employer 
and is supportive of the needs of dual career couples.

All applications will be acknowledged. [R]

U of Michigan

English 
Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/

African diaspora and/ African-American literatures, Open Rank 17332

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15091

Open Rank, starting date September 2013, university-year appointment.

The Department of English 
Language and Literature at the University of Michigan expects to make an appointment 
in 2013–2014 in African diaspora and/ African-American literatures. This position will be part of a two-person 
cluster hire in Africana literatures in the College of Literature Science & the Arts (see job posting in Department 
of Afroamerican and African Studies). This position will be a full appointment in the Department of English. 
Ideal 
candidates for this position will have expertise in African disaporic and/or African-American literature. We are 
particularly interested in candidates whose research and teaching foreground gender and sexuality. Rank is open; 
period is also open. Please send letter of application, c.v., statement of current and future research plans, statement 



of teaching philosophy and experience, writing samples, and evidence of teaching excellence by November 1, 2012 
to Professor Tiya Miles, University of Michigan, 4700 Haven Hall, 505 S. State St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1045, 
Attention: Recruitment Coordinator. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University of Michigan 
is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and is supportive of the needs of dual career couples.

All applications will be acknowledged. [R]

MINNESOTA

Saint Olaf C

English, 
1520 Saint Olaf Av Northfield MN 55057

http://stolaf.edu/services/hr/jobs/index.html

Assistant Professor of English, 
Film Studies 17308

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15015

The Department of English 
at St. Olaf College seeks a tenure-track assistant professor eager to work in an interdisciplinary 
environment, develop a new film studies curriculum, and address film studies in a liberal arts context that 
values excellence in teaching. The candidate will have a six-course teaching load in the Media and Film Studies 
program, the English 
Department, and First-Year Writing. Candidates should be prepared to teach introductory 
film courses, film history, film and media theory, and film genres. In the English 
department, candidates will teach 
literature courses or topics such as literature and film or visual narratives. The first-year writing seminar is on a 
topic of the instructor’s choice. Ph.D. in hand by September 1, 2013.

Applicants must submit materials online at https:// jobs .stolaf .edu. For the preliminary screening, the following 
materials are required: a cover letter, vita, unofficial graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation. To 
ensure consideration for an MLA interview, these materials must be received no later than October 19, 2012.

Recognized as one of the nation’s leading liberal arts colleges, St. Olaf College is located in Northfield, Minnesota, 
approximately 35 miles south of the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area. It is a co-educational, residential 
institution, enrolling about 3,000 students from 43 states and 19 countries. A liberal arts college affiliated with the 
Lutheran Church (ELCA), St. Olaf College is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks 
diversity in its students, faculty, and staff. The college is especially interested in candidates who will contribute to 
the diversity of our community through their work and service.

U of Minnesota, Twin Cities

Cultural Studies & Comp Lit, 235 Nicholson Hall 216 Pillsbury Dr SE Minneapolis MN 55455

http://cscl.umn.edu

Assistant Professor of Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature 17179

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14680

The Department of Cultural Studies and Comparative Literature, College of Liberal Arts, University of Minnesota, 
invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track position beginning fall semester 2013. As a theoretically-oriented, 
comparatist, interdisciplinary department whose research and teaching span word/ image/ sound, we seek scholars 
with specific training in, and who work across, two or more of these areas.

Ideal candidates will be those forging innovative and productive connections across disciplines and boundaries. 
They will have specific expertise – engaging a global perspective yet anchored within a particular historical context 
– in one or preferably more of the following areas: comparative intellectual histories of Western and non-Western 
cultures from the eighteenth century onward; critical musicology and sound studies; social/ cultural politics of networks 
and/or networked media; theories and histories of the moving image; and comparative and world literatures, 
preferably with emphasis on non-Western cultures and traditions. Ideal candidates will be trained in intellectual 
history, music, media studies, moving image studies, or literature primarily, and will have done solid research in 
one of the other areas, combining them in novel ways. Fluency in one or more modern European languages and/or 
one or more modern non-European languages is required.



Appointment will be 100%-time over the nine-month academic year. Appointment will be at the rank of tenure-
track assistant professor.

Candidates will be evaluated according to a) overall quality of their academic preparation, b) relevance of their 
research to the department's academic priorities and fields of inquiry, c) evidence of commitment to teaching and 
skills as a teacher, as well as d) strength of recommendations.

In order for the application to be considered, a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and list of references must be submitted 
to the University of Minnesota’s employment application Web site: https:// employment .umn .edu (use requisition 
number 179645). All completed applications must be submitted by October 22, 2012. Applicants may be 
solicited at a later stage for a writing sample and three letters of recommendation.

U of Minnesota, Twin Cities

English, 
207 Church St SE 207 Lind Hall Minneapolis MN 55455

https://employment.umn.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/position/JobDetails_css.jsp?postingId=560554

Assistant Professor of 18th and/or 19th C. British Literature 17200

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14675

The Department of English 
at the University of Minnesota invites applications for two assistant professorships: 
tenure-track, 2/2 course load, begins fall semester 2013. Required qualifications: (1) PhD or equivalent degree in 
English 
or related field, with degree in hand by July 1, 2013; (2) evidence of expertise and high-quality work in 
18th-and/or 19th-c. British literature and one or more of the following: (a) literature and empire; (b) literature, science, 
and technology; (c) literature and the other arts; (d) new approaches to comparative literature; (e) literature, 
sexuality, and gender; and (f) other innovative interdisciplinary scholarship on literature and a domain of material 
culture, politics, history, or society; (3) undergraduate teaching experience. Preferred qualifications: significant 
scholarship in peer-reviewed venues (e.g., conference papers, journal articles, chapters in edited collections, monographs); 
graduate-level teaching and advising; demonstrated potential for continued success as scholar and teacher. 
The university expects faculty members to maintain an active program of scholarly research and publication, teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses, advise students, and contribute service to the department, college, university, 
and profession. Applicants must apply online at https:// employment .umn .edu/ applicants/ jsp/ shared/ position/ JobDetails_ 
css .jsp?postingId=560554. Provide a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, 20–25 pages of your scholarly writing, 
and syllabi for two courses you have taught. Deadline is Oct 19, 2012; applications will be acknowledged. Selected 
applicants will be contacted for 3 letters of recommendation and for interviews at the MLA Convention in Boston. 
The University of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

MISSISSIPPI

Mississippi SU

English, 
Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762

http://www.english.msstate.edu

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17435

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15323

Tenure-track position for assistant professor, pending funding. PhD in Rhetoric and Composition, or PhD in English 
with significant course work in rhetoric, composition, and/or technical communication, and college teaching experience 
required. We seek candidates with expertise in teaching first-year composition and senior-and graduate-level 
courses in writing. Expertise in online teaching is desirable. The successful candidate will carry a 2/2 load in the 
first year and a 3/2 (or 2/3) load in subsequent years. Teaching assignments will include courses in Writing Center 
tutor training and composition pedagogy; assignments may also include online courses in professional writing. Publications 
and professional service are required for tenure and promotion. Salary will be competitive. Affordable and 
comfortable faculty housing is usually available in the first two years of employment. Mississippi State University is a 
Carnegie Doctoral/ Research-Extensive institution with over 20,000 students on the main campus. To apply, please 
send a letter and cv by November 15, 2012 to Dr. Rich Raymond, Head, Department of English, 
Mississippi State 
University, Drawer “E,” Mississippi State, MS 39762. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO employer. 
[R]



 MISSOURI

Missouri Western SU

English, 
For Langs, & Journalism, 4525 Downs Dr St Joseph MO 64507

http://www.missouriwestern.edu

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
Education 17390

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15249

ASSISTANT OR ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH EDUCATION – (tenure-track). Duties include 
teaching English 
methods and composition at the undergraduate and graduate levels (Certificate in the Teaching 
of Writing and Masters in Written Communication; Masters of Assessment), sponsoring the student chapter of 
NCTE, and directing the Department’s National Writing Program Site.

REQUIRED: Doctorate in English 
or English 
Education; NWP site experience preferred; ability to use instructional 
technology; and a record of successful teaching. Salary is commensurate with experience and rank.

Qualified applicants must submit letter of interest, vita, unofficial transcripts, a one-page statement of pedagogical 
philosophy, evidence of teaching effectiveness, if available, and contact information for three references to: recruitment@ 
missouriwestern .edu. Employment is contingent on proof of the legal right to work in the U.S. Applications 
will be reviewed beginning October 1 and will continue until position is filled. AA/EOE

U of Missouri, Columbia

English, 
114 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211

http://english.missouri.edu

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
17431

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15320

The English 
Department at the University of Missouri seeks a tenure line Assistant or Associate Professor in late 
medieval literature with demonstrated excellence in research and ability to teach at all levels of the curriculum. 
Start date is August 2013; PhD required by time of appointment.

As the flagship campus of the state's university system, MU offers a wide range of resources, including multiple options 
for research leave and summer funding. The ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per semester, with opportunities 
for teaching graduate seminars on a regular basis.

Only electronic applications can be considered. Please apply online at: http:// hrs .missouri .edu/ find-a-job/ 
academic/ index .php............................................................................................. A letter of application, CV and the names of 3 references with contact information are required. 
Please attach these materials in the Cover Letters and Attachments section of the application system. Review 
of applications will begin by November 9 and will continue until the position is filled. Applications will be 
acknowledged by department letter. The University of Missouri is a member of the Association of American Universities 
(AAU) and an EO/AA/ADA employer. 
[R]

U of Missouri, Columbia

English, 
114 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211

http://english.missouri.edu

Assistant or Associate Professor of Creative Nonfiction 17429

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15318

The English 
Department at the University of Missouri seeks a tenure line Assistant or Associate Professor in Creative 
Nonfiction with a solid publication record and the ability to teach workshops in CNF at both the graduate and undergraduate 
levels, along with some literature courses. The position offers the opportunity to build the CNF area in the context 
of our well-established PhD-granting writing program. Start date is August 2013; PhD required by time of appointment.

As the flagship campus of the state's university system, MU offers a wide range of resources, including multiple options 
for research leave and summer funding. The ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per semester.



Only online applications can be considered. Please apply to http:// hrs .missouri .edu/ find-a-job/ academic/ index 
.php. A letter of application, CV, and the names of 3 references with contact information are required. Attach these 
materials in the Cover Letters and Attachments section of the application system. Review of applications will begin 
by November 9 and will continue until the position is filled. The University of Missouri is a member of the Association 
of American Universities (AAU) and an EO/AA/ADA employer. 
[R]

U of Missouri, St Louis

English, 
484 Lucas Hall 1 University Blvd St Louis MO 63121

http://umsl.edu

Assistant Professor 17287

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14828

University of Missouri-St. Louis

Department of English, 
One University Blvd., St. Louis, MO 63121

http:// www .umsl .edu/ ~umslenglish/#


Assistant Professor, Composition and Rhetoric

Full-time assistant professor (tenure line) needed to join a small but growing graduate program in composition and 
teach undergraduate writing courses. Minimum qualifications are the PhD with an emphasis in Writing Studies 
and teaching experience.

Currently, the department has strengths in writing theory and pedagogy, technical writing and digital media, feminist 
pedagogies, assessment, and writing program administration. The ideal candidate offers expertise that complements 
the program’s strengths, brings creative and cross-disciplinary integrations appropriate to writing studies, and 
addresses issues appropriate to an urban campus with a diverse undergraduate student body and a graduate focus at 
the master’s level in composition. Especially welcome but not required are cross-disciplinary emphases in American 
studies and rhetoric, urban literacies, or African American studies. Writing Center and WPA theory and experience 
are also welcome as is technological expertise. The successful candidate should expect to rotate into a WPA 
position with consideration given first to achieving tenure. Course load is 2/2; position begins in August 2013.

Applicants should submit a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, a teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Suellynn Duffey, Chair, Writing Studies Search Committee at the above address. Review will begin 
November 16, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. Initial interviews will be conducted at MLA in January.

UMSL is an AA/EOE employer 
committed to excellence through diversity.

Washington U

English, 
1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130

http://jobs.wustl.edu

Assistant Professor in Modern and Contemporary British and Anglophone Fiction 17211

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14641

Washington University in Saint Louis: The Department of English 
at Washington University in Saint Louis seeks 
an Assistant Professor in Modern and Contemporary British and Anglophone Fiction to begin in fall term 2013. 
The major British and Anglophone fiction of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries is the designated coverage 
area; additional emphases may include sexuality studies, queer theory, film and new media. A Ph.D. is required. 
Our new faculty member will be expected to produce significant scholarship while engaging in the work of teaching 
and advising students. The teaching expectation is two courses per semester. The application process occurs 
in two parts. Please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and dissertation précis or book description to our online 
application service, https:// jobs .wustl .edu, and provide the reference job number of 24067. Three letters of recommendation 
should be sent by post to Professor Vincent Sherry, Chair of the Search Committee, Department of 
English, 
Washington University, One Brookings Drive, Box 1122, St. Louis, MO 63130. Interviews will be conducted 
at MLA in Boston in early January. Priority will be given to applications received by November 12, 2012, 



but the search will continue until the position is filled. Washington University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative 
action employer 
and encourages applications from women, ethnic minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 
Employment eligibility verification required upon hire.

Washington U

English, 
1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130

http://jobs.wustl.edu

Assistant or Junior Associate Professor in Contemporary American Fiction 17210

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14640

Washington University in Saint Louis: The Department of English 
at Washington University in Saint Louis seeks 
an Assistant or Junior Associate Professor in Contemporary American Fiction to begin in fall term 2013. The fiction 
of the post-1945 period is the designated coverage area; additional emphases may include ethnic literatures, sexuality 
studies, queer theory, film and new media. A Ph.D. is required. Our new faculty member will be expected to 
produce significant scholarship while engaging in the work of teaching and advising students; the junior associate 
professorship carries the expectation of a record commensurate with a successful tenure case, which includes demonstrable 
accomplishment as well as promise of longevity in scholarly production. The teaching expectation is 
two courses per semester. The application process occurs in two parts. Please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, 
and dissertation précis or book description to our online application service, https:// jobs .wustl .edu, and provide the 
reference job number of 24056. Three letters of recommendation should be sent by post to Professor Steven Meyer, 
Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
Washington University, One Brookings Drive, Box 1122, 
St. Louis, MO 63130. Interviews will be conducted at MLA in Boston in early January. Priority will be given to 
applications received by November 12, 2012, but the search will continue until the position is filled. Washington 
University is an equal opportunity/ affirmative action employer 
and encourages applications from women, ethnic 
minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Employment eligibility verification required upon hire.

Washington U

Modeling Interdisciplinary Inquiry, Campus Box 1029 One Brookings Drive St Louis MO 63130

http://mii.wustl.edu

Postdoctoral Fellowship 17333

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15799

Washington University announces the thirteenth year of Modeling Interdisciplinary Inquiry, a postdoctoral fellowship 
program endowed by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation and designed to encourage interdisciplinary 
scholarship and teaching across the humanities and social sciences. We invite applications from recent Ph.D.s for 
the position as Fellow. In September 2013, the selected Fellows will join the University’s ongoing interdisciplinary 
programs and seminars. Fellows will receive a two-year appointment with a stipend beginning at $46,950 per year. 
Postdoctoral Fellows have an opportunity to plan and pursue their own continuing research in association with a 
senior faculty mentor at Washington University, and, over the course of their two-year appointment, to teach three 
undergraduate courses and to collaborate in leading an interdisciplinary seminar on theory and methods for advanced 
undergraduates and beginning graduate students in the humanities and interpretive social sciences.

There is no application form, but further information on Modeling Interdisciplinary Inquiry is available on the web 
at http:// mii .wustl .edu/or by contacting mii@ artsci .wustl .edu. Applicants should submit a cover letter, a description 
of their research program (no more than 1800 words), a brief proposal for the seminar in theory and methods, and a 
curriculum vitae. Applicants should also arrange for the submission of three confidential letters of recommendation.

Submit materials through Interfolio via the link above or by post by November 30, 2012 to Joseph Loewenstein. 
The mailing address is: Modeling Interdisciplinary Inquiry, Washington University, Campus Box 1029, One 
Brookings Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130-4899. For express mail, please send materials to: Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry, Washington University, Umrath Hall, Room 231, One Brookings Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130-4899.

Washington University is an Affirmative Action/Eq ual Opportunity employer. 
Employment eligibility verification 
requested upon hire.



MONTANA

Montana SU, Bozeman

English, 
2–176 Wilson Hall Bozeman MT 59717

http://www1.english.montana.edu

Director of the Montana State University Writing Center, Assistant/ Associate Tenure Track Professor 17371

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15295

The Department of English 
at Montana State University is pleased to announce a tenure-track position as Director 
of the MSU Writing Center at the assistant or associate professor level. The Writing Center seeks an experienced 
and visionary director to lead the program into its next phase of growth and development. The Center has recently 
received substantial support from the provost and is poised for greatly increased campus-wide impact. We are looking 
for a writing center specialist who can help the Department of English 
and the university leadership plan and 
implement an enhanced vision of service to students from all disciplines. For a complete description of the position, 
please go to http:// www1.english 
.montana .edu and click on the link to “Tenure-Track Positions”.

Montana SU, Bozeman

English, 
2–176 Wilson Hall Bozeman MT 59717

http://www1.english.montana.edu

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17368

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15242

The Department of English 
at Montana State University is pleased to announce a tenure-track assistant professor 
position in Rhetoric and Composition (specialization open, e.g. rhetorical theory, writing studies, new media, 
technical communication, etc.). Faculty in Rhet/ Comp and related fields are currently researching histories of literacy 
and racism in the US, writing-about-writing pedagogy, undergraduate research in the humanities, and the 
rhetoric of law. The department also houses the Yellowstone Writing Project (a National Writing Project site) and 
a newly expanded Writing Center. For a complete description of the position, please go to http:// www1.english 
.montana .edu and click on the link to “Tenure-Track Positions”.

NEBRASKA

U of Nebraska

English, 
625 N 14th St 202 Andrews Hall Lincoln NE 68588

http://employment.unl.edu

Assistant Professor in Digital Humanities (Multiple Positions) 17181

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14626

The University of Nebraska-Lincoln (UNL) seeks to hire additional faculty for its cluster hire in digital humanities. 
In this second phase of our effort, we hope to hire two or three additional tenure-track assistant professors to 
further propel this signature program. Field of expertise is open within the humanities. Preference will be given to 
candidates engaged in the building of digital projects, archives, editions, models, tools, and other creative scholarly 
works in the digital medium. Initial interviews will be conducted via Skype. Candidates should be accomplished 
digital humanists able to contribute to a thriving interdisciplinary initiative and to a home department. Candidates 
must provide evidence of successful teaching and an active research agenda. PhD required by August 2013. The 
participating departments seek specialists who would contribute to the UNL’s research profile and teaching capacity 
in digital humanities.

Applicants should go to http:// employment .unl .edu, requisition 120608 and complete the Faculty/ Academic Administrative 
Information form and apply online. Applicants should be prepared to attach the following to their online 
application: a letter of application, a curriculum vita, and a PDF or a link to one representative sample of their 
digital work. Please do not send paper applications. Review of applications will begin September 25 and continue 



until suitable candidates are found. For further information contact Kenneth Price, chair, search committee at 402-
472-0293 or kprice2@ unl .edu. The University of Nebraska has an active National Science Foundation ADVANCE 
gender equity program, and is committed to a pluralistic campus community through affirmative action, equal opportunity, 
work-life balance, and dual careers. Web sites: [http:// cdrh .unl .edu/, http:// www .unl .edu/]

U of Nebraska, Omaha

English, 
6001 Dodge St Omaha NE 68182

http://www.unomaha.edu/english/

Assistant Professor and Writing Center Director 17478

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15386

The Department of English 
at the University of Nebraska at Omaha invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position with the additional title and duties of Writing Center Director, beginning August, 2013. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. in English 
or a closely related field, specializing in Composition, Rhetoric, WAC, or 
Writing Center administration. Ancillary specialization in TESOL is desirable. Responsibilities include oversight 
of the Writing Center’s staff, promotion and outreach, assessment, reporting, and coordination of an active WAC 
initiative. The administrative assignment is 9 credits per year; in addition, the faculty member will have a 9-credit 
teaching assignment (three courses per year) and a 6-credit research assignment.

Applications should include a cover letter describing administrative experience and research and teaching interests, 
a curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and a writing sample of no more 
than 20 pages. The cover letter, CV, and supplemental materials must be submitted online: go to www .unomaha 
.edu, click on Employment and then Current Job Openings – Apply. Letters of reference should be sent to Dr. Nora 
Bacon, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
University of Nebraska at Omaha, 6001 Dodge Street, 
Omaha, NE 68182-0175. Review of materials will begin on November 15, 2012. The university and department 
have a strong commitment to achieving diversity among faculty and staff. We are particularly interested in receiving 
applications from members of under-represented groups and strongly encourage women and persons of color to 
apply. [R]

Wayne SC

Lang & Lit, 1111 Main St Wayne NE 68787

http://www.wsc.edu

Instr/ Asst Professor of English_ 
Literature 17626

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15770

Wayne State College

Department of Language and Literature

1111 Main Street

Wayne NE 68787

Tenure-track Assistant Professor or Instructor of English.


Wayne State College's Department of Language and Literature invites applications for a full time, tenure-track position 
in English 
at the Assistant Professor or Instructor level (specialty in literature open). Ph.D. preferred; ABD 
considered. The full-text advertisement, including the complete position announcement, qualifications, and application 
instructions, is available at the WSC Human Resources web page, http:// www .wsc .edu/hr/

A regional comprehensive institution of approximately 3,500 students, Wayne State College has become one of 
the most dynamic, small, regional public institutions of higher education in the Midwest. Dedicated to freedom 
of inquiry, excellence in teaching and learning, and regional service and development, Wayne State College serves 
as a focal point and catalyst in Northeast Nebraska for education as well as for community and economic development, 
the arts, and cultural activity. Strong leadership, steady enrollment, a focus on teaching and learning, several 
recently completed building projects, and a strong reputation are indicators of the College's vitality. With a friendly 



population of around 5,600 residents and strong economic growth, the community of Wayne, Nebraska is situated 
45 miles from Sioux City, Iowa and approximately 100 miles from Omaha, Nebraska.

Wayne State College is an equal opportunity institution.

NEW HAMPSHIRE

U of New Hampshire

English, 
95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824

https://jobs.usnh.edu

English 
Education 17251

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14813

The Department of English, 
University of New Hampshire, invites applications for a full-time benefits-eligible 
Assistant Professor in English 
Education, contingent on funding, to begin September 2013. The position would 
involve active engagement in research and scholarship, teaching courses in writing and reading pedagogy, and 
advising pre-service teachers; it would ultimately lead to administering the English 
Teaching Major. Applicants 
should have a demonstrated record of scholarly accomplishment, and will have taught English 
at the middle-and/
or high-school level. Familiarity with pedagogical uses of multimedia will be considered a plus. The course load is 
2/2. PhD in English 
Education, composition or closely related fields by August 2013 required. Applications should 
include cover letter, CV/dossier, letters of recommendation, graduate transcripts, and writing sample and must be 
uploaded to https:// jobs .usnh .edu by November 15, 2012. Refer to job posting #0901308.

The University seeks excellence through diversity among its administrators, faculty, staff, and students. The university 
prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, 
gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. Application by members of all underrepresented 
groups is encouraged.

U of New Hampshire

English, 
95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824

http://jobs.usnh.edu

English 
Pedagogy/ Linguistics 17197

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14635

English 
Pedagogy/ Linguistics The Department of English, 
University of New Hampshire, invites applications for 
a full-time benefits-eligible Assistant Professor in English 
Pedagogy, contingent on funding, to begin September 
2013. Applicants must have expertise in both the disciplines of English 
teaching (grades 5–12) and TESOL, 
and have a demonstrated record of scholarly accomplishment. Experience teaching writing, grammar, and TESOL 
at the middle or high school level will be considered a plus. The position would involve active engagement in research 
and scholarship. The course load is 2/2. Ph.D. in English, 
Education or Applied Linguistics by August 2013 
required. Applications should include cover letter, CV/dossier, letters of recommendation, graduate transcripts, 
and writing sample and must be uploaded to https:// jobs .usnh .edu by November 15, 2012. Refer to job posting 
#0901309. For additional information and to apply, contact Professor James Krasner at jkrasner@ cisunix .unh .edu.

The University seeks excellence through diversity among its administrators, faculty, staff, and students. The university 
prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, 
gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. Application by members of all underrepresented 
groups is encouraged.



NEW JERSEY

Bloomfield C

Humanities Div, 467 Franklin St Bloomfield NJ 07003

http://www.bloomfield.edu/about-us/careers-bloomfield/faculty

Assistant Professor of World Literature 17680

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15941

Bloomfield College Division of Humanities invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant 
professor in World Literature. Candidates should have an earned PhD in World Literature or Post-Colonial Literature; 
candidates who are ABD in those fields at the time of application will also be considered. The ability to 
teach African American Literature will be considered a plus. Teaching excellence is the first priority at Bloomfield 
College, and the English 
discipline participates in the General Education program and leads the College in writing-
across-the-curriculum efforts. The deadline for applications is November 30, 2012. Please visit http:// www 
.bloomfield .edu/ about-us/ careers-bloomfield/ faculty for complete details. [R]

Princeton U

Fung Global Fellows Program, Princeton Institute for International & Regional Studies 210E Aaron Burr 
Hall Princeton NJ 08544

http://www.princeton.edu/funggfp/

Visiting Research Scholar, Fung Global Fellows Program 17265

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14846

The Fung Global Fellows Program, a year-long program for visiting scholars administered by the Princeton Institute 
for International and Regional Studies, was launched by Princeton University in June 2012. Scholars working 
in the social sciences and humanities at institutions in any region of the world outside the United States who have 
received their PhD within the past ten years are invited to apply. The theme for the academic year 2013–14, the 
program’s first year, is “Languages and Authority.” Applications are due on November 1, 2012. For more information 
on the program, eligibility requirements and the application process: www .princeton .edu/ funggfp/. Princeton 
University is an equal opportunity employer 
and complies with applicable EEO and affirmative action regulations.

Rowan U

English, 
Bunce Hall, 3rd Fl Glassboro NJ 08028

http://www.rowan.edu/colleges/chss/departments/english/index.html

Assistant professor of Early Modern literature 17456

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15358

Description:

The English 
Department in the College of Humanities and Social Sciences at Rowan University is seeking applicants 
to fill a tenure-track faculty position for a specialist in Early Modern literature beginning September 1, 2013. 
We are seeking broadly trained candidates prepared to teach courses in Early Modern literature and Shakespeare, 
as well as the first half of the British survey, an introductory methods course, and seminars in area(s) of expertise. 
A 3/3 teaching load is guaranteed for the first two years and can be renewed annually with evidence of continuing 
scholarship. No Composition. Participation in both departmental and university service is expected. Initial interviews 
will be conducted at MLA.

Qualifications:

1) A Ph.D. in English, 
completed by September 1, 2013.

2) Evidence of excellence in teaching and an active research agenda.

Starting Date: September 1, 2013.



General Information:

Rowan University is a comprehensive public institution that values high-quality teaching, scholarship, and service. 
While our current enrollment is more than 11,000 students, our classes are small (20–30 students). Research is supported 
by the university through travel support, internal grants, and load adjustment, although faculty are expected 
to pursue external funding as well. Salary is competitive, and faculty positions fall under the State of New Jersey & 
AFT Collective Bargaining agreement. Rowan University ranks in the top tier of universities in the region. Less 
than 20 miles from Philadelphia, the area offers a variety of attractive urban, suburban, and rural living options. For 
more information about Rowan University and the English 
Department, please visit http:// www .rowan .edu. All 
positions are contingent upon budget appropriations.

Rowan University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity.

Contact:

Candidates should submit a letter of application and a curriculum vitae; both should attest to credentials and teaching 
ability in Early Modern literature. Applications should be submitted to earlymodern@ rowan .edu and must be 
received by November 5, 2012. Dossiers should be submitted only upon request.

Rutgers U

English, 
510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901

http://english.rutgers.edu/

Assistant Professor in 18th-Century 
British Literature (including the long eighteenth century) 17568

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15502

The Department of English 
at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in 18th-Century 
British Literature (including the long eighteenth century). Successful candidates must have the Ph.D. in hand (in 
English 
or a related field) by September 1, 2013, and be ready to take on duties including undergraduate and 
graduate teaching and research. Submit application letter, dissertation abstract, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
recommendation (or a dossier), and a writing sample no later than November 1 through Interfolio (https:// secure 
.interfolio .com/ apply/15502).

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Highlands U

English 
& Philos, Box 9000 Las Vegas NM 87701

http://www.nmhu.edu/jobs

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English/ 
Composition Tenure-Track 17677

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15936

New Mexico Highlands University is accepting applications for an Assistant/ Associate Professor of English/ 
Composition. 
FOR COMPLETE JOB DESCRIPTION SEE:www .nmhu .edu/ jobs MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
EDUCATION: Doctorate or ABD in English 
with specialization in composition. EXPERIENCE: Demonstrated 
excellence in teaching, research, & writing. Preference will be given to the following: Previous success working 
with diverse student populations; Previous experience interacting with multicultural communities; Experience 
with distance and technology education. Interested candidates must submit 1)letter of application describing teaching 
& research interests; 2)curriculum vita; 3)unofficial copies of advanced degree transcripts; 4)names/ address/ 
phone numbers of 3 professional references; 5)sample publications; 6)official teaching evaluations (if available).

References will be contacted in conjunction with on-campus interviews. Official transcripts should be requested 
upon acceptance of on-campus interview.

New Mexico Highlands University

Human Resources



Assistant/ Associate Professor of English/ 
Comp

Box 9000

Las Vegas, NM 87701

Email applications will be accepted: metrujillo@ nmhu .edu

For disabled access or services call 505-454-3242 or TDD 505-454-3003.

NMHU EEOE

New Mexico Highlands U

English 
& Philos, Box 9000 Las Vegas NM 87701

http://www.nmhu.edu/jobs

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English 
(Tenure-Track) 17674

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15935

New Mexico Highlands University is accepting applications for an Assistant/ Associate Professor of English. 
The 
faculty member will participate in undergraduate and graduate English 
Programs. FOR COMPLETE JOB DESCRIPTION 
SEE: www .nmhu .edu/ jobs MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION: Doctorate or ABD 
in English 
with specialization in writing or related area. EXPERIENCE: Demonstrated excellence in teaching, 
research & writing. PREFERRED: Publications in creative non-fiction. Interested candidates must submit 1) letter 
of application describing teaching & research interests; 2)curriculum vitae; 3)unofficial copies of advanced degree 
transcripts; 4)names/ address/ phone numbers of 3 professional references; 5)evidence of teaching excellence; 6)
samples of syllabi.

References will be contacted in conjunction with on-campus interviews. Official transcripts should be requested 
upon acceptance of on-campus interview.

New Mexico Highlands University

Human Resources

Assistant/ Associate Professor of English


Box 9000

Las Vegas, NM 87701

Email applications will be accepted: metrujillo@ nmhu .edu

For disabled access or services call 505-454-3242 or TDD 505-454-3003.

NMHU IS AN EEOEMPLOYER


NEW YORK

Baruch C, CUNY

English, 
1 Bernard Baruch Way New York NY 10010

http://www.baruch.cuny.edu/wsas/index.html

Assistant professor of Global Studies 17570

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15543

The Department of English 
at Baruch College, the City University of New York, seeks applicants for a fulltime, 
tenure-track position for an assistant professor, committed to scholarly research and dedicated to teaching, to serve 
as a core figure in the Weissman School of Arts and Sciences’ Global Studies Initiative and Global Studies minor. 
Candidates should broadly have an interest in political, historical, sociological, or anthropological approaches to 
the literary and cultural studies of global processes and systems, with specific emphases that might include poetics, 



documentary genres, real and imagined geographies, gender studies, and/or genre studies. Teaching responsibilities 
will also include first-year composition and Great Works of Literature. Review of applications will begin November 
15th and continue until the position is filled. Successful candidates must have a Ph.D. by fall 2013.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample to:

Mary McGlynn, Chair

Department of English


Baruch College, CUNY

55 Lexington Ave. B7–243

New York, NY 10010

Letters of recommendation to: english 
.search@ baruch .cuny .edu.

Appointment is subject to budgetary approval. Baruch College is an AA/EO employer. 
[R]

Baruch C, CUNY

English, 
1 Bernard Baruch Way New York NY 10010

http://www.baruch.cuny.edu/wsas/index.html

Assistant professor of American literature 17489

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15697

The Department of English 
at Baruch College, the City University of New York, seeks applicants for a fulltime, 
tenure-track position for an assistant professor in early American literature from “discovery” through 1865, with a 
preference for the pre-national period. Specialization may include literature of exploration, literatures of the Atlantic 
world, comparative ethnic studies, nation formation, and hemispheric literary studies. Teaching responsibilities 
will also include freshman composition and Great Works of Literature. Review of applications will begin November 
15th and continue until the position is filled. Successful candidates must have a Ph.D. by fall 2013.

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample to:

Mary McGlynn, Chair

Department of English


Baruch College-CUNY

55 Lexington Ave. #7–243

New York, NY 10010

Letters of recommendation to: english 
.search@ baruch .cuny .edu.

Appointment is subject to budgetary approval. Baruch College is an AA/EO employer. 
[R]

Brooklyn C, CUNY

English, 
2900 Bedford Av Brooklyn NY 11210

http://www.brooklyn.cuny.edu/faculty2013

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 17296

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14927

Brooklyn College of The City University of New York

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position to begin fall 2013 in its undergraduate 
linguistics program. Teaching duties include various courses in linguistics (e.g., phonology, syntax, 
semantics, sociolinguistics), ESL, and composition, as well as courses in the “language” area of our English 
MA 
programs. All appointments are subject to financial availability.



Completed Ph.D. by September 1, 2013, and demonstrated promise both as a teacher and a researcher. Expertise in 
either corpus linguistics, sociolinguistics, or composition/ rhetoric is particularly welcome (although other areas of 
specialization will be considered).

Review of applications to begin on November 15, 2012.

For complete job description and application instructions please see www .brooklyn .cuny .edu/ faculty2013

No email or hard copy applications will be accepted.

Brooklyn College is an AA/EO/IRCA/ ADA employer.


Cornell U

Comp Lit, 240 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/complit/

Asst or Assoc Prof, Literary & Cultural Theory 17610

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15813

The Department of Comparative Literature at Cornell University invites applications for an Assistant (tenure track) 
or recently tenured Associate Professor in Literary and Cultural theory (with competence in several languages). The 
appointment begins July 1, 2013.

Applications must be submitted by November 1, 2012 through Academic Jobs Online. We strongly encourage 
women and minorities to apply. Cornell University is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer 
and 
educator.

Cornell U

Comp Lit, 240 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/sochum/mellon_post-d_fellowship

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Comparative Media Studies 17497

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15795

With the sponsorship of the Society for the Humanities, the Department of Comparative Literature seeks a two-
year Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow whose main area of expertise is in Comparative Media Studies. We are particularly 
interested in candidates who attend creatively to the intersection of old and new media and who work across 
languages in a transnational and comparative framework. Possible areas of emphasis include: emerging modes of 
textuality and reading, theory, screen arts, sound, digital and analogue inter-faces, the electronic arts and public 
memory, the history of the book, network theory, critical game studies, biomedia, virtuality and embodiment, 
inter-activity and the haptic, and the boundary between the human and the machine.

The successful candidate will teach one upper-level and one general-interest undergraduate course suited to his/ her 
expertise each year.

Eligibility Requirements: Applicants for the Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship for the 2013/14–2014/15 academic 
years must have received the Ph.D. degree after September 2007. Mellon Fellowships are no longer restricted to 
citizens of the US and Canada: international applicants are welcome to apply. Applicants who will have received 
the Ph.D. degree by June 30, 2013, are eligible to apply. Applicants who do not have the Ph.D. in hand at the time 
of application must include a letter from the committee chair or department stating that the Ph.D. degree will be 
conferred before the term of the fellowship begins.

Applicants should submit the following materials for consideration by January 7, 2013:

1. cover letter

2. curriculum vitae

3. detailed statement of research interests

4. writing sample



5. proposals for the courses the Mellon Fellow will teach while in residence at Cornell University

6. three letters of recommendation

Cornell U

Comp Lit, 240 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/complit/index.html

Assistant Professor, tenure track 17453

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15790

The Department of Comparative Literature at Cornell University invites applications for an Assistant Professor 
(tenure track) in Critical Theory/ Sinophone Studies to begin July 1, 2013. We seek outstanding candidates with 
expertise in modern or contemporary Chinese literature and culture who work in a transnational and comparative 
framework. Successful candidates will be expected to offer courses in Comparative Literature and engage with 
colleagues and students representing a variety of intersecting interests, including Aesthetics, Gender and Sexuality, 
Literary Theory, Postcolonial Critique, Visual and Media Studies. Applications must be submitted by November 1, 
2012 through Academic Jobs Online.

Daemen C

English, 
4380 Main St Amherst NY 14226

http://www.daemen.edu

Tenure-track Assistant Professor World/ Non-Western Literature 17620

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15678

We invite candidates with a research specialization in postcolonial, transnational, diaspora and/or translation studies 
and with strong interdisciplinary interests. Position includes the opportunity to transform a conservative 2-semester, 
Euro-centered World Literature survey into a set of courses that reflect the current and evolving state of 
this dynamic field. Secondary specialization in poetry and/or ecocriticism desirable. PhD in English 
or related field 
required. Evidence of teaching excellence and scholarly promise required. Position begins September 2013. The 
teaching load (3/3) includes one first-year writing course per semester. Send letter of interest, resume, and names 
and contact information for references to personnel@ daemen .edu. The deadline to submit materials is November 
15, 2012. Interviews at MLA.

Daemen College is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer, 
committed to a diverse workplace. 
Women and people of color are encouraged to apply. [R]

Daemen C

English, 
4380 Main St Amherst NY 14226

http://www.daemen.edu

Tenure-track Assistant Professor Literature and English 
Adolescence Education 17619

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15677

The English 
Department at Daemen College invites applications for a tenure-track position in Literature and English 
adolescence education. The ideal candidate will have earned a Ph.D. in English, 
taught high school English, 
and obtained teaching certification. Desirable secondary areas of expertise: poetry, communications, history of the 
English 
language, and adolescent literature. Evidence of teaching excellence and scholarly promise required. Position 
begins September 2013. The teaching load (3/3) includes one first-year writing course per semester. Send letter 
of interest, resume, and names and contact information for references to personnel@ daemen .edu. The deadline to 
submit materials is November 15, 2012. Interviews at MLA.

Daemen College is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer, 
committed to a diverse workplace. 
Women and people of color are encouraged to apply. [R]



Fordham U

English, 
536 Dealy Hall 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458

http://www.fordham.edu/English

Assistant Professor, Early American Literature 17669

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15583

The Fordham University English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track position in early American literature, 
to be based at our Lincoln Center (Manhattan) campus and to begin in Fall 2013. We are especially interested 
in scholars whose research includes work on 17th-century 
literature and Native American writing, as well as 
issues of indigeneity, race, and religion. The successful candidate should expect to do undergraduate teaching in all 
periods of American literature before 1865 and to have the chance to teach courses in his or her areas of specialization 
to our M.A. and Ph.D. students. By November 1, 2012, please submit curriculum vitae and cover letter—addressed 
to Edward Cahill, early American search committee chair—through Interfolio (https:// secure .interfolio 
.com/ apply/15583).

Fordham is an independent, Catholic University in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from men and 
women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.


Fordham U

English, 
536 Dealy Hall 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458

http://www.fordham.edu/English

Assistant Professor of 20th and 21st-Century 
postcolonial, anglophone, and diasporic literatures 17668

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15582

The Fordham University English 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track position in 20th-and 21st-century 
postcolonial, anglophone, and diasporic literatures, to be based at our Rose Hill (Bronx) campus and 
to begin in Fall 2013. By November 1, 2012, please submit curriculum vitae and cover letter—addressed to 
Chris GoGwilt, 20th/21st-century 
search committee chair—through Interfolio (https:// secure .interfolio .com/ 
apply/15582).

Fordham is an independent, Catholic University in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications from men and 
women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R]

Ithaca C

English, 
303 Muller Faculty Ctr 953 Danby Rd Ithaca NY 14850

http://www.ithaca.edu

Transatlantic Modernism 17424

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15313

Ithaca College’s Department of English 
invites applications for a full-time, tenure-eligible position in Transatlantic 
Modernism, with an emphasis on British literature, beginning AY 2013–14. Sub-specialties in poetry, literary theory, 
or global modernisms desirable but not required. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to teach 
upper-level undergraduate courses in his/ her area of specialization, as well as lower-level introductory literature 
courses.

Qualifications: Teaching experience required. PhD in English 
or related field preferred at the time of appointment. 
However, ABD candidates who have made significant progress towards completion of the degree are also strongly 
encouraged to apply. Interested individuals should apply online at apply .icjobs .org and attach the requested documents. 
Questions about the online application should be directed to the Office of Human Resources at (607) 274 
8000. Review of applications will begin immediately. To ensure full consideration, complete applications (including 
letters of reference) must be received by November 16, 2012.

Ithaca College is committed to building a diverse academic community and encourages members of underrepresented 
groups to apply. Experience that contributes to the diversity of the college is appreciated. [R]



New York U

English, 
19 Univ Pl, Rm 503 New York NY 10003

http://english.as.nyu.edu

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF MODERN DRAMA 17536

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15477

ARTS AND SCIENCE

The Department of English 
in the Faculty of Arts and Science at New York University invites applications for a 
tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor, to start September 1, 2013, pending final administrative and 
budgetary approval. We seek a candidate whose specialty is modern dramatic literature, preferably with a secondary 
interest in Modernism and/or theory. The ideal candidate will have completed the PhD in English, 
Theater, 
Performance Studies, Comparative Literature, or a related field, and will be prepared to teach a survey of Western 
drama from the early nineteenth century to the present day, as well as courses in his or her field. The successful 
candidate will demonstrate scholarly excellence and a commitment to both graduate and undergraduate teaching, 
and must have the PhD in hand by September 1, 2013.

To apply please submit a letter of application, CV, names of three referees, and a writing sample of no more than 
9,000 words, via the “Employment” link on the NYU Department of English 
web site: http:// english.
as.nyu .edu. 
All applications will be acknowledged. Review of applications will begin October 1, 2012, but all applications must 
be received by October 15, 2012. NYU is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmation Action Employer.


Saint John Fisher C

English, 
3690 East Av Rochester NY 14618

http://www.sjfc.edu/

Assistant Professor of English 
17538

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15698

St. John Fisher College seeks applicants for a tenure-track position in rhetoric/ composition; Ph.D. in rhetoric/ 
composition or English 
with a strong focus on rhetoric and composition (degree completed by September 2013) is 
required. A specialty in new media, digital rhetoric, or computers and composition is required. The position involves 
working closely with faculty in the newly created Digital Cultures and Technologies program. Research and 
teaching interests in race, class, gender, globalization, or sexuality are desirable; successful teaching experience is 
essential. All positions are subject to final budget approval.

St. John Fisher College offers a 3/3 teaching load and small class sizes. We seek a creative and collaborative professional 
with a commitment to undergraduate education. The successful candidate will teach a variety of courses 
in a multi-dimensional writing major and in the college’s first-year Learning Community program and will help 
develop writing curricula within the major and college-wide. Opportunities exist to create new courses in a supportive 
departmental environment.

Rochester is a nexus of commerce and the arts, home to seven colleges and universities and several major corporations. 
St. John Fisher College, a comprehensive institution enrolling approximately 3,000 full-and part-time 
students, is a collaborative community dedicated to teaching, learning, and scholarship in a student-centered educational 
environment.

To receive full consideration, applicants are asked to submit electronically a curriculum vitae and a letter describing 
their qualifications and interest in this position to https:// jobs .sjfc .edu. The deadline for applications is November 7, 
2012. Contact Dr. Deborah Uman at duman@ sjfc .edu for any questions or clarifications.

For information about St. John Fisher College, please visit our website at: http:// www .sjfc .edu.

St John Fisher College is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer 
and is committed to diversity. [R]



Saint Lawrence U

English, 
Romoda Dr Richardson Hall Canton NY 13617

http://www.stlawu.edu/

Viebranz Visiting Professor of Creative Writing 17343

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15097

Fiction or creative non-fiction writers with significant publications and teaching experience are invited to apply 
for the position of Viebranz Visiting Professor of Creative Writing for the academic year 2013–2014. Publications 
and teaching experience in a second genre would be preferable. The individual hired will teach two genre-specific 
courses each semester, at the beginning and advanced level, and be an active participant in the English 
Department. 
Departmental activities will include giving a reading as part of the St. Lawrence University Writers Series; serving 
as a reader on a senior honors thesis, and possibly directing a senior independent project; and leading occasional 
workshops for senior writing majors, or giving a craft talk on writing. Evidence will be sought of a proven record 
of innovative pedagogy in creative writing and an enthusiasm for teaching; minimum two years of undergraduate 
teaching experience.

M.F.A. or Ph.D. in creative writing, with at least two books and significant additional publications, are required. 
We encourage applications from candidates who bring diverse cultural, ethnic, and national perspectives to bear 
on their writing and teaching. The successful candidate will join a department with a curricular commitment to 
teaching the mutuality of the study of literature and the practice of creative expression. Salary commensurate with 
experience. A fully-furnished house is provided as part of the compensation package.

Please send a detailed letter of application, C/V emphasizing publications and relevant teaching experience, e-mail 
address, sample syllabi and writing exercises, to Dr. Sidney L. Sondergard, Viebranz Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
St. Lawrence University, Canton, NY 13617. Review of applications will begin on October 31, 
2012. Finalists will be asked to submit a writing sample and three letters of recommendation attesting to teaching 
experience.

SLU is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Employment Opportunity employer. 
[R]

Saint Thomas Aquinas C

English, 
125 Rt 340 Sparkill NY 10976

http://www.stac.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17409

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15306

St. Thomas Aquinas College invites invitations for a tenure track position in English 
Literature at the rank of Assistant 
Professor. We seek a generalist with experience teaching Shakespeare and 17th and/or 18th Century; ability 
to teach History of the English 
Language a plus. Other teaching duties include First-Year Composition and sophomore 
literature surveys. Additional expectations include advising and committee service. The College prides itself 
on the high quality of the teaching of its faculty, as well as on their scholarly contributions to their field. Ph.D. in 
English 
strongly preferred; college teaching experience expected. Applicants should submit a letter of application, 
CV, three letters of reference (at least one of which addresses teaching), and a statement about teaching by e-mail 
to rmurray@ stac .edu or by mail to Dr. R. Murray, Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences, St. Thomas Aquinas 
College, 125 Rt 340, Sparkill, NY 10976 by November 30. [R]

Sarah Lawrence C

Literature, 1 Mead Way Bronxville NY 10708

http://www.slc.edu

Literature (18th Century)-Tenure-Track Position 17386

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15247



Sarah Lawrence College invites applications for a full time tenure track position in the literature and culture of the 
Restoration and the 18th Century. Candidates should be able to teach the history of the English 
novel from Behn 
to Austen, and English 
poetry from Dryden to Blake, as well as design courses that integrate satire, drama, periodical 
writing, and historical and life-writing. Additional expertise is welcome in such fields as world literature, gender 
studies, material culture, and the literature and culture of adjacent periods. Sarah Lawrence is a small liberal arts 
college with a unique pedagogy based on small classes and individual tutorials; interdisciplinary work is a central 
component of the curriculum. A PhD completed by the time of appointment, and evidence of success as a teacher 
is required.

The application should include the following: Cover letter, CV, course descriptions for two proposed courses, 
sample of scholarly writing and three letters of recommendation. Deadline for receipt of applications: November 1, 
2012. To apply for the position, please go to: https:// slc .simplehire .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=50564

For information on Sarah Lawrence College, our curriculum, teaching methods, and philosophy of education, 
please see our Web site at: http:// www .slc .edu . Sarah Lawrence has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity. 
In that spirit, we especially welcome applications from under-represented groups. [R]

Skidmore C

English, 
815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866

http://cms.skidmore.edu

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing 17237

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14743

The Department of English 
at Skidmore College invites applications from actively publishing fiction writers to fill 
a tenure-track Assistant Professorship in fiction writing. Secondary interests welcome. The teaching load will alternate 
yearly between 3/2 and 2/2. Responsibilities include periodic participation in Skidmore's First Year Experience 
program. Ph.D., M.F.A, or equivalent; publications; and teaching experience required.

We encourage applications from under-represented groups as well as individuals who have experience with diverse 
populations; women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply.

To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by October 15, 2012.

All applications will be acknowledged; interviews will be held at MLA convention, though we will consider 
alternatives.

To learn more about and apply for this position please visit us online at:

https:// careers .skidmore .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=54254

Skidmore is a highly selective liberal arts college that fosters creative approaches to teaching and learning. With its 
relatively small size and student-faculty ratio, the College is a close-knit academic community. Skidmore’s faculty 
of teacher-scholars are devoted to the instruction and mentoring of approximately 2,400 talented undergraduate 
men and women from some 47 states and 46 countries.

Skidmore College is committed to being an inclusive campus community and, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices on the basis of gender, race or ethnicity, color, national 
origin, religion, age, disability, military or marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, domestic 
violence victim status, predisposing genetic characteristics or prior arrest or conviction record or any other category 
protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.

Employment at Skidmore College is contingent upon an acceptable background check result.

CREATIVE THOUGHT MATTERS.



SU of New York, U at Buffalo

English, 
306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260

http://english.buffalo.edu

Associate or Full Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 17523

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15471

The University at Buffalo seeks a senior scholar to lead our research-based Center for Excellence in Writing. The 
successful candidate will have a strong record of publication, teaching, administration, and scholarly vision. Scholarship 
in writing pedagogy might include writing in the disciplines or professions, writing center theory and practice, 
writing assessment, service learning, or global literacies/ Englishes.


Teaching load, salary, benefits, and privileges competitive with other Research-1 universities. Ph.D. or equivalent. 
Priority deadline: November 15, 2012. Send applications (vita and three letters of recommendation) to http:// www 
.ubjobs .buffalo .edu. For information, contact Interim Director, Center for Excellence in Writing, Arabella Lyon 
(alyon@ buffalo .edu). The University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, is an affirmative action/ equal 
opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R]

NORTH CAROLINA

Appalachian SU

For Langs & Lits, PO Box 32063, 520 Sanford Hall Boone NC 28608

http://www.appstate.edu

Professor of English 
and Chair 17293

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14926

Department of English, 
PO Box 32052, 224 Sanford Hall, Boone NC 28608

The Department of English 
at Appalachian State University seeks nominations and applications for the position of 
chairperson. The chair administers the academic, advising, personnel, and budgetary affairs for over 400 majors, 46 
tenured and tenure-track faculty, and 47 non-tenure track faculty and teaching assistants. We offer the B.A., with 
concentrations in film studies, creative and professional writing, and a new literary studies program which will be 
available starting in Fall 2013. We also offer a B.S. for teaching licensure as well as the English 
M.A. The English 
Department has a firm commitment to democratic decision making, excellence in teaching, active scholarship, 
and university and regional service. The department has a central role in the general education curriculum of the 
university.

We seek a chair with strong interpersonal and organizational skills who will be a vigorous advocate for the department 
and who understands the current issues in English 
Studies. Candidates must hold the Ph.D. in English 
or 
terminal degree in a related field; must have already achieved appointment as a full professor; and possess a proven 
commitment to excellence in teaching, scholarship, and service. Candidates are expected to have experience in academic 
administration and to have demonstrated leadership abilities. The appointment starts July 1, 2013.

Send a letter of application explaining your reasons for applying for this position and highlighting your administrative 
experience and philosophy, a curriculum vitae, and names of three references to Amy Greer, Office Manager, 
Dept. of English, 
Box 32052, Appalachian State University, Boone, NC 28608. Review of applications will begin 
October 15 and will continue until the position is filled. Individuals with disabilities desiring accommodations in 
the application process should contact Amy Greer at greeral@ appstate .edu.

Appalachian State University is an AA/EEO Employer. 
Any offer of employment to a successful candidate will 
be conditioned upon the University's receipt of a satisfactory criminal background report. For more information, 
please visit:

http:// www .hrs .appstate .edu/ employment/ epa-jobs/ academic-affairs. [R]



Duke U

English, 
Box 90015, 314 Allen Bldg Durham NC 27708

http://theaterstudies.duke.edu

Assistant Professor of Theater Studies 17671

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15931

The Theater Studies Department at Duke University invites applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant 
professor level to begin fall 2013.

We seek a scholar of theater/ performance studies who combines promise of theoretical contributions in the field 
with commitment to research and teaching. Qualifications: Ph.D. required. Candidate must have an established 
publication record. The field of specialization is open, with areas of teaching to be determined based on the candidate’s 
interests and experience.

Send vitae and 3 letters of recommendation to Neal Bell, Chair of the Search Committee, Department of Theater 
Studies, Duke University, Box 90680, Durham NC 27708. Applications received by November 1, 2012 will be 
guaranteed consideration. Duke is committed to fostering a diverse educational environment and encourages applications 
from members of groups under-represented in academia. Duke University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action employer. 
[R]

Duke U

Thompson Writing Prog, Box 90025, 101 Art Bldg Durham NC 27708

http://twp.duke.edu

Lecturing Fellow 17571

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15544

We anticipate offering several postdoctoral fellowships on a multidisciplinary faculty charged with teaching an innovative 
first-year course in Academic Writing. We seek candidates with a Ph.D. in any field and a demonstrated 
commitment to undergraduate teaching. Fellows are asked to draw on their disciplinary training and interests to 
design a seminar-style course introducing students to academic writing. Teaching load is five sections of Academic 
Writing per year, with each section limited to 12 students. Appointment is at a level of Lecturing Fellow (non-
tenure-track), starting July 1, 2013, Ph.D. required at time of appointment. Contract is for an initial three years, 
renewable after successful review for two more years. Salary is competitive with a strong benefits package, and 
with opportunities for professional development. To apply use our online application form at: http:// twp .duke .edu/ fellowships.................................................................................................... Send us your CV, a letter in which you discuss your aims in teaching Academic Writing, a brief proposal 
for a writing seminar modeled on course synopses posted on our website: http:// twp .duke .edu/ writing-101 
We may subsequently ask you to provide other supporting materials, including a more detailed course outline, and 
teaching materials. If you are unable to apply online, you may mail hard copies to Denise Comer, Chair, Lecturing 
Fellows Search, Thompson Writing Program, Duke University, Box 90025, Durham, NC 27708-0025. Application 
period begins September 15, 2012 and ends October 15, 2012. Applications received by 11:59 pm EST 
(Eastern Standard Time) October 15, 2012, will be guaranteed consideration. Duke is an Affirmative Action/ Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged to apply.

East Carolina U

English, 
2201 Bate Bldg Mail Stop 555 Greenville NC 27858

http://www.ecu.edu/english

Assistant Professor 17412

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15309

The Department of English 
at East Carolina University (http:// www .ecu .edu/ english) 
seeks a tenure-track assistant 
professor specializing in Children’s Literature and Victorian Literature, to begin August 12, 2013. Candidates 
should demonstrate expertise in each field and contribute to teaching and course development in both areas at 
the undergraduate and graduate levels. The successful candidate will be expected to pursue an ongoing research 



agenda in either area and provide appropriate service to the university, community, and profession. Ph.D. or equivalent 
by August 2013 is required. All degrees should be from appropriately accredited institutions. Screening begins 
November 1, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. For complete job description, requirements, 
and application instructions, see ecu .peopleadmin .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=69709 Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative 
Action Employer


East Carolina U

English, 
2201 Bate Bldg Mail Stop 555 Greenville NC 27858

http://www.ecu.edu/english

Assistant Professor 17411

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15308

The Department of English 
at East Carolina University (http:// www .ecu .edu/ english) 
is seeking to fill two tenure-
track positions at the assistant professor level, specializing in technical and professional communication, to begin 
August 12, 2013. Candidates should demonstrate knowledge of contemporary scholarship and well-defined research 
agendas in technical and professional communication. Particular areas of interest include, but are not limited 
to, medical and health-care writing, public policy communication, digital media, and technical and/or professional 
communication training and pedagogy. The successful candidates will support and contribute to teaching and innovative 
curriculum development in graduate and undergraduate programs in technical and professional communication 
(online and face-to-face environments), as well as a doctoral program in technical and professional discourse. 
Ph.D. or equivalent by August 2013 is required. All degrees should be from appropriately accredited institutions. 
Screening begins October 15, 2012 and will continue until the positions are filled. For complete job description, 
requirements, and application instructions, see ecu .peopleadmin .com/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=69729 Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer


East Carolina U

English, 
2201 Bate Bldg Mail Stop 555 Greenville NC 27858

http://www.ecu.edu/english

Visiting Assistant Professor 17363

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15135

The Department of English 
at East Carolina University (www .ecu .edu/ english) 
is seeking to fill a non-tenure track, 
one-year (with the possibility of a continuing appointment for a second year) visiting assistant professor level position, 
specializing in Southern literature and/or 20th century American poetry, to begin August 12, 2013. This position 
involves a partnership between the Department of English 
and Joyner Library’s Manuscripts and Rare Books 
Department. The person hired will teach two classes per semester in composition, Southern literature, and/or 20th 
century American poetry, especially those writers represented in the Stuart Wright Collection (http:// www .ecu 
.edu/ cs-lib/ spcloll/ stuartwrightcollection .cfm) Ph.D. or equivalent by August 2013 is required. All degrees should 
be from appropriately accredited institutions .Screening begins October 1, 2012, and will continue until the position 
is filled. For complete job description, requirements, and application instructions, see ecu .peopleadmin .com/ 
applicants/ Central?quickFind=69583 Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer


East Carolina U

English, 
2201 Bate Bldg Mail Stop 555 Greenville NC 27858

http://www.ecu.edu/english

Assistant Professor 17410

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15307

The Department of English 
at East Carolina University (http:// www .ecu .edu/ english) 
is seeking a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in Native American literature, to begin August 12, 2013. Candidates should have 
demonstrated expertise in Native American literature. The successful candidate will be expected to support and 
contribute to teaching, research, and innovative curriculum development in graduate and undergraduate programs. 



Teaching duties include participation in a flourishing distance education program in multicultural and transnational 
literatures. Appropriate service to the university, community, and profession is expected. Ph.D. or equivalent 
by August 2013 is required, and candidates must display a record of scholarship. Screening begins November 2, 
2012, and will continue until the position is filled. All degrees should be from appropriately accredited institutions. 
For complete job description, requirements, and application instructions, see ecu .peopleadmin .com/ applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=69703 Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer


Fayetteville SU

Eng, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301

http://www.uncfsu.edu

Department Chair 17285

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14827

DEPARTMENT CHAIR. Fayetteville State University, a member institution of the 17-campus University of 
North Carolina system, and a historically Black university, seeks a visionary and highly innovative Chair to lead 
the Department of English. 
The Department Chair of English 
manages an academic program that includes the following 
resources: the Charles W. Chesnutt Club, Glint Literary Journal, Sigma Tau Delta National English 
Honors 
Society, Writing Across the Curriculum, and Reading Across the Curriculum. The Department of English 
offers a 
B.A. in English 
Language and Literature, a B. S. in English 
Language and Literature Teaching, Licensure Certification 
(Secondary Education), a Professional Writing Certificate, graduate certificates in Professional Writing and 
Teaching of Writing, and an English 
honors track. To obtain additional information about the department, please 
visit the website at http:// www .uncfsu .edu/ english 
.htm.

To apply, please submit a cover letter of application (including a statement about your leadership philosophy and your 
unique qualifications to serve as the Chair of the FSU Department of English), 
a curriculum vita, all official graduate 
and undergraduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation from individuals who are familiar with the 
applicant’s employment history to: Dr. Joyce Russell, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
Fayetteville 
State University, 1200 Murchison Road, Fayetteville, NC 28301-4298. Candidates must also submit an electronic 
application and attach curriculum vitae and letter of interest at http:// www .uncfsu .edu/ humres/ vacancies .htm.

North Carolina SU

English, 
PO Box 8105 Raleigh NC 27695

http://jobs.ncsu.edu/postings/12400

TENURED/ TENURE TRACK POSITION IN DIGITAL HUMANITIES 17321

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15004

North Carolina State University

College of Humanities and Social Sciences

The Department of English 
at North Carolina State University seeks to make a tenure-track appointment in Digital 
Humanities. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to help build the digital humanities curriculum 
in undergraduate and graduate programs in English 
and in the interdisciplinary doctoral program in Communication, 
Rhetoric, and Digital Media, and to develop NC State’s digital humanities presence across campus, in the 
technology-rich Research Triangle area, and with industry and foundation partners.

The candidate will join a department with an established track record of digital scholarship in fields including 
digital archives, virtual environments, textual editing and criticism, physical computing, and linguistics. In recent 
years, faculty have received funding in all of these areas from a number of public and private agencies. Our digital 
humanities initiatives are strongly supported by NC State’s College of Humanities and Social Sciences and by the 
NC State Libraries, which are nationally known for their excellence in providing innovative research support and 
data curation.

The newly formed Research Triangle Digital Humanities Collaborative, a collaboration between NC State, the 
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Duke University, and the National Humanities Center, offers further 



opportunities for research and curricular initiatives. The English 
Department at NC State offers a wide array of 
programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels: a B.A. and M.A. in English, 
an M.S. in Technical Communication, 
and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing. In partnership with NC State’s Department of Communication, the English 
Department also offers an interdisciplinary Ph.D. program in Communication, Rhetoric, and Digital Media.

Position Description: Duties include teaching graduate and undergraduate courses (2–2 base teaching load) as well 
as maintaining an active research and publication program and participating in professional and university service. 
There will be opportunities for leadership and program administration (with corresponding reductions in teaching 
load). We particularly welcome candidates whose research and teaching interests can help us develop one or more 
areas of existing strength within our department: creative writing, film, linguistics, literature, and rhetoric.

Qualifications: Required—Ph.D. in English 
or related field, area open; track record of excellence in digital scholarship 
appropriate for rank. Preferred—a history of successful grant funding in the digital humanities.

Instructions for Applicants: Please use the NC State University employment web portal (http:// jobs .ncsu .edu) and 
search for position 00002010 to apply; we cannot consider applications submitted in any other way. Go to the 
posting directly by using this link, http:// jobs .ncsu .edu/ postings/12400. Upload letter of application (addressed to 
Antony H. Harrison, Department Head, and referencing the position title Open Rank Professor in Digital Humanities 
and position number, 00002010), CV, and contact information for at least three references. Three letters 
of reference, a writing sample, and teaching materials and evaluations may be requested later. Screening of applications 
will begin October 1 and will continue until position is filled.

AA/EOE. North Carolina State University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer 
welcoming applications 
from members of under-represented groups and all persons without regard to sexual orientation. For 
ADA accommodation, contact Stephanie McBroom (-919-513-0391) or stephanie_ mcbroom@ ncsu .edu. [R]

Wake Forest U

English, 
PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109

Assistant Professor of English 
(Creative Writing, Poetry) 17537

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15478

WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY’S Department of English 
seeks to fill a full-time tenure-track position in Creative 
Writing (Poetry), at the level of beginning or advanced Assistant Professor beginning in July 2013. The ideal 
candidate would have a terminal degree in creative writing (MFA or PhD), demonstrated expertise in teaching 
poetry workshops and in curriculum development, and a significant record of publications. Responsibilities include 
teaching poetry workshops at introductory and advanced levels, with the possibility of other courses as appropriate 
to candidate’s experience, co-directing campus reading series, and helping consolidate a recently inaugurated 
Creative Writing minor. Salary is competitive. Position begins July 1, 2013. Initial interviews will be conducted at 
MLA convention.

Wake Forest University is a private, coeducational institution dedicated to academic excellence in liberal arts, graduate 
and professional education. Founded in 1834, the University is ranked among the top thirty national universities. 
Wake Forest is a collegiate university offering a vibrant intellectual community with a rich cultural life, an 
impressive array of facilities and an active athletics community. The University has a deep institutional commitment 
to public service and engagement with the world, as indicated by the motto “pro humanitate.” For quick facts 
about the University, go to http:// www .wfu .edu/ visitors/ quickfacts .html. For information about the Department 
of English, 
go to www .wfu .edu/ english.


Applicants should apply on-line at https:// wakejobs .silkroad .com, A cover letter should be addressed to Dr. Scott 
Klein, Chair, Department of English. 
Also submit on-line your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a writing 
sample (5 to 7 poems). Confidential letters of recommendation must be sent via email by the recommender or 
dossier service to english@ 
wfu .edu. Applications and other materials must be submitted no later than October 22 
at 5:00 pm. EOE/AA

Questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ wfu .edu. Questions about the position may 
be addressed to english@ 
wfu .edu.



Wake Forest University welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applicants with demonstrated success in 
working with diverse populations. Wake Forest seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the 
excellence of the University, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and 
learning. [R]

Wake Forest U

English, 
PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109

Assistant Professor of English, 
Renaissance Literature 17531

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15475

The English 
department at Wake Forest University is searching for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Renaissance 
literature to begin in July 2013 with emphasis on non-dramatic poetry in the Elizabethan, Jacobean, and 
possibly Caroline periods. Candidates should have a record of excellence in teaching and research and a strong 
commitment to both. Ph.D. or ABD required. Teaching load is 9 courses over two years, with courses ranging 
from small first-year writing seminars to advanced electives and MA-level courses. Salary competitive. For information 
about the Department of English, 
go to www .wfu .edu/ english.


Wake Forest University is a private, coeducational institution dedicated to academic excellence in liberal arts, graduate 
and professional education. Founded in 1834, the University is ranked among the top thirty national universities. 
Wake Forest is a collegiate university offering a vibrant intellectual community with a rich cultural life, an 
impressive array of facilities and an active athletics community. The University has a deep institutional commitment 
to public service and engagement with the world, as indicated by the motto “pro humanitate.” For quick facts 
about the University, go to http:// www .wfu .edu/ visitors/ quickfacts .html.

Applicants should apply on-line at https:// wakejobs .silkroad .com, A cover letter should be addressed to Dr. Scott 
Klein, Chair, Department of English. 
Also submit on-line your vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and a writing 
sample, preferably published and of article length. Confidential letters of recommendation must be sent via 
email by the recommender or dossier service to english@ 
wfu .edu. Applications and other materials must be submitted 
no later than October 22 at 5:00 pm. EOE/AA

Questions about the application process may be addressed to wakejobs@ wfu .edu. Questions about the position may 
be addressed to english@ 
wfu .edu.

Wake Forest University welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applicants with demonstrated success in 
working with diverse populations. Wake Forest seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the 
excellence of the University, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and 
learning. [R]

Western Carolina U

English, 
Coulter 305 Cullowhee NC 28723

Assistant Professor of English 
in Technical/ Professional Writing 17551

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15508

Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
in Technical/ Professional Writing beginning Fall 2013.

Ability to teach Master’s-level and Bachelor’s-level courses in technical and professional writing. Industry experience 
and related expertise (such as digital media, technology, and information literacy) desirable. Doctorate in hand 
preferred but ABD close to completion (in related field from accredited institution) considered. The Department of 
English 
at WCU is an engaged and collegial English 
department with strong undergraduate and graduate Professional 
Writing concentrations.

English 
faculty play significant roles in implementing WCU's new Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP) which emphasizes 
integrated and synthetic learning. WCU is committed to the Boyer model of scholarship, stewardship of 
place, and engagement. Must demonstrate and maintain a program of scholarship. Typical teaching load 3/3, ranging 
from graduate courses to introductory/ service courses. For further information contact Dr. Brian Gastle, Department 
Head of English 
(bgastle@ email .wcu .edu).



Must apply online (http:// jobs .wcu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=52811 Position #0497). Include CV, cover 
letter, graduate transcripts (unofficial copy acceptable at application stage), and list of three references. Initial review 
begins November 30, but position is open until filled. AA/EEO Employer 
that conducts background checks. [R]

Western Carolina U

English, 
Coulter 305 Cullowhee NC 28723

http://english.wcu.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
in TESOL/ Applied Linguistics 17550

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15506

Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
in TESOL/ Applied Linguistics beginning Fall 2013.

Ability to teach Master’s-level and Bachelor’s-level courses in TESOL. Desirable qualifications include ESL methods, 
applied linguistics, literacy education, publications in the field, TESOL teaching experience (especially in 
k-12), intern supervision experience, and interest in or experience with teaching diverse populations (especially 
in rural schools). Completed doctorate preferred but ABD (in related field from accredited institution) close to 
completion considered.

English 
faculty play significant roles in implementing WCU's new Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP) which emphasizes 
integrated and synthetic learning. WCU is committed to the Boyer model of scholarship, stewardship of 
place, and engagement. Must demonstrate and maintain a program of scholarship. Typical teaching load 3/3, ranging 
from graduate courses to introductory/ service courses. For further information contact Dr. Brian Gastle, Department 
Head of English 
(bgastle@ email .wcu .edu).

Must apply online (http:// jobs .wcu .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=52810 Position #4757). Include CV, cover 
letter, graduate transcripts (unofficial copy acceptable at application stage), and list of three references. Initial review 
begins November 30, but position is open until filled. AA/EEO Employer 
that conducts background checks. [R]

NORTH DAKOTA

U of North Dakota

English, 
276 Centennial Dr. Stop 7209 110 Merrifield Hall Grand Forks ND 58202

http://arts-sciences.und.edu/english/index.cfm

Assistant Professor of Writing Studies 17580

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15550

The Department of English 
at the University of North Dakota invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor position in Writing Studies. Ph.D. with emphasis in Composition and Rhetoric required, along with a 
commitment to excellence in teaching and a potential for strong research and publication in relevant fields. UND 
has a well-established and stable Composition Program, and the successful candidate will be prepared to serve, on 
a rotating basis, as Academic Director of Composition, a position with primary responsibilities in teacher-training, 
curriculum oversight, and composition instruction. The Academic Director works in collaboration with the Administrative 
Director of Composition, who handles many of the program’s administrative duties. The candidate 
would regularly teach graduate-level courses in Composition Studies and pedagogy. In years when not co-Directing 
the program, the candidate would have latitude to design and teach courses in other areas of interest, at both 
the undergraduate and graduate levels. The department especially welcomes candidates qualified to teach a wide 
range of courses in rhetoric and writing, including—but not limited to—editing, creative non-fiction, publishing, 
and digital media studies.

Our normal teaching load is two courses a semester, with a course reduction for years in which the candidate 
serves as Academic Director of Composition. We are a thriving, active department with B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. 
programs in a university of 14,000 students. Our annual Writers Conference features writers of national and international 
importance (see www .undwritersconference .org). Our department houses the North Dakota Quarterly 
and Floodwall, a recently founded student literary journal. Please send letter, curriculum vitae, and a statement of 



teaching 
philosophy 
to Eric A. Wolfe, Chair, Department of English, 
University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, 
ND 58202-7209, or by email to kristin .ellwanger@ und .edu. First consideration will be given to applications received 
by November 5, 2012. The University of North Dakota recognizes the importance of responding to the 
needs of dual-career couples. University of North Dakota is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Employment Opportunity 
Employer 
and women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Veteran’s Preference does not apply to the 
advertised position. [R]

OHIO

C of Wooster

English, 
Kauke Hall 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691

http://www.wooster.edu/academics/areas/english

Assistant Professor of English 
(British) 17340

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15023

Assistant Professor of English, 
beginning Fall 2013. Tenure-track position in post-1900 British and Anglophone 
literature, with additional expertise in postcolonial theory and/or women’s, gender, and/or queer studies welcome. 
Teaching in the College’s interdisciplinary programs, including First-Year Seminar and the Program in Writing, 
is expected; teaching load includes five courses a year as well as directing senior theses. The College of Wooster 
provides significant research support, including travel funds and a generous leave program. Ph.D. required. Submit 
letter of application, vita, unofficial graduate school transcripts, and three letters of recommendation no 
later than November 5 through Interfolio or electronically to Thomas Prendergast, Chair, English 
Department 
(tprendergast@ wooster .edu).

The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and sciences with a commitment to excellence 
in undergraduate education. The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and minority candidates, 
and encourages individuals belonging to these groups to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversity by its policy 
of employing persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, 
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, or political affiliation. The College of Wooster is an Equal 
Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.


Employment is subject to federal laws requiring verification of identity and legal right to work in the United States 
as required by the Immigration Reform and Control Act. Drug-free workplace. [R]

C of Wooster

English, 
Kauke Hall 1189 Beall Av Wooster OH 44691

http://www.wooster.edu/academics/areas/english

Assistant Professor of English 
(American) 17315

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14974

Assistant Professor of English, 
beginning Fall 2013. Tenure-track position in colonial or 19th-century 
American 
literature; we welcome additional expertise in the Black Atlantic, comparative study of the Americas, or transnational, 
ethnic American, gender, and/or environmental studies. Teaching in the College’s interdisciplinary programs, 
including First-Year Seminar and the Program in Writing, is expected; teaching load includes five courses 
a year as well as directing senior theses. The College of Wooster provides significant research support, including 
travel funds and a generous leave program. Ph.D. required. Submit letter of application, vita, unofficial graduate 
school transcripts, and three letters of recommendation no later than November 5 through Interfolio.

The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and sciences with a commitment to excellence 
in undergraduate education.

The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and minority candidates, and encourages individuals 
belonging to these groups to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversity by its policy of employing persons without 
regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender 



identity and expression, or political affiliation. The College of Wooster is an Equal Opportunity/ Aff irmative Action 
Employer.


Employment is subject to federal laws requiring verification of identity and legal right to work in the United States 
as required by the Immigration Reform and Control Act. Drug-free workplace. [R]

Franciscan U of Steubenville

English, 
1235 University Blvd Steubenville OH 43952

http://www.franciscan.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
literature 17303

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15018

The Franciscan University of Steubenville (FUS) English 
department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the Assistant Professor level, beginning August 2013, in Renaissance/ Early Modern or Nineteenth-Century 
British Literature; candidates also able to contribute to department offerings in Creative Writing are desirable.

An appropriate Ph.D. or, in certain cases, MFA is required at time of employment. Normal teaching load is four 
courses (12 hours) per semester, and includes introductory literature and composition courses. The successful candidate 
will demonstrate excellence in undergraduate teaching, have an active scholarly agenda, and support the Mission 
of the university (available at http:// www .franciscan .edu/ AboutFUS/ CompMission/).

To apply, please submit the following through Interfolio using the link above, or by mail c/o BJ Brehm, Academic 
Affairs, The Franciscan University of Steubenville, 1235 University Blvd., Steubenville, OH 43952: a letter of 
application, a curriculum vitae, a teaching portfolio containing evidence of undergraduate teaching effectiveness 
(including student evaluations and a statement of teaching philosophy), a personal statement responding to FUS’s 
Mission, a writing sample, three letters of reference, and official transcripts.

Review of completed applications will begin November 5, 2012, and continue until the position is filled. We expect 
to interview at MLA.

FUS is an academically excellent and passionately Catholic university in the Franciscan tradition, located 38 miles 
west of Pittsburgh and 24 miles west of Pittsburgh International Airport. We seek candidates who understand and 
will significantly contribution to the university’s mission and goals. For additional information, please visit http:// 
www .franciscan .edu/ EmploymentListings/. EOE

Heidelberg U

English, 
310 E Market St Tiffin OH 44883

http://www.heidelberg.edu/offices/hr/employmentopp/ape

Assistant Professor of English 
17485

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15389

Heidelberg University Department of English: 
Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall Semester 2013. Tenure-
track position with specialization in British and Commonwealth literature. All full-time faculty members in 
the Department of English 
teach first-year writing, so training and experience in composition is essential. Courses 
taught include British literature, Shakespeare, Literature by Women, Literature of the Modern World, Introduction 
to Literary Theory, Senior Seminar in Literature, and other courses as needed. Successful candidates must demonstrate 
a strong commitment to student learning in addition to engagement in scholarly and professional development 
activities.

Ph.D. in English 
is preferred. Applications should be received by October 15. Submit a letter of application, a current 
curriculum vita, graduate transcripts, a statement of educational philosophy, and letters of recommendation 
from three references to Ms. Jeannine Curns, Director of Human Resources, Heidelberg University, 310 E. Market 
Street, Tiffin, Ohio 44883. Electronic submissions: hr@ heidelberg .edu. See full advertisement at www .heidelberg 
.edu/ offices/hr/employmentopp/ ape [R]



Miami U

English, 
356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056

Assistant Professor of Comparative Media Studies 17484

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15388

Miami University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor to join a growing, interdisciplinary program in Comparative 
Media Studies. We welcome applicants with disciplinary backgrounds in the humanities and social sciences, 
including but not limited to science and technology studies, media and cultural studies, communication, digital 
media, and film/ documentary studies. We are especially interested in candidates whose research locates media in 
comparative or historical contexts and/or includes non-traditional media technologies or applications. Media production 
experience, while not required, is desired. The successful candidate will be required to teach, maintain a 
productive research agenda, and provide service to the institution. PhD required by date of appointment in August 
2013. Candidates should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and at least three letters of references 
to Ron Becker, c/o College of Arts and Science, Miami University, Oxford, OH 45056. Screening of applications 
begins October 15, 2012 and continue until the position is filled. Miami University is an EOE/AA employer 
with 
smoke-free campuses. Right to Know—Consumer Information—http:// www .miami .muohio .edu/ about-miami/ 
publications-and-policies/ student-consumer-info/ index .html. Hard copy upon request. [R]

Oberlin C

Comp Lit Prog, 10 N Professor St, Rice 28 Oberlin OH 44074

http://new.oberlin.edu/home/jobs/faculty.dot

Assistant professor of Comparative Literature 17504

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15452

Tenure-track position at the assistant professor level in Comparative Literature at Oberlin College, with specialization 
in Literature and the Other Arts. A 4.5 course/ year teaching load to include Introduction to Comparative Literature 
and other courses in the area of literature and the other arts, particularly music and visual arts.

Applications to Jed Deppman, Director, Comparative Literature Program, 10 N. Professor St., Oberlin College, 
Oberlin, Ohio, 44074 by Oct. 15, 2012, with CV, graduate transcripts and three letters of reference.

See also http:// new .oberlin .edu/ home/ jobs/ jobs_ detail .dot?id=4512608

Queries and electronic application materials (preferably in PDF format) should be sent to cmplsearch@ oberlin 
.edu. [R]

Ohio SU

English, 
Denney Hall 421 164 W 17th Av Columbus OH 43210

http://english.osu.edu/

Open Rank Position in Professional/ Technical Communication 17416

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15311

The Department of English 
and the program in Rhetoric, Composition, and Literacy at The Ohio State University 
invite applications from colleagues specializing in Technical and Professional Communication for an open rank 
faculty position on our Columbus campus. Candidates with interest in rhetoric, digital media studies, composition, 
and/or literacy are particularly encouraged to apply. We are interested in individuals who will bring intellectual 
and collegial energy to a program of longstanding reputation and extensive accomplishment.

Ideal applicants at the Full and Associate Professor level will demonstrate an active research record, a national/ 
international profile as a scholar/ leader in the field, a strong record of teaching excellence appropriate to rank 
at a Research Intensive university, and experience in program development. Applicants at the rank of Assistant 
Professor (Ph.D. in Professional and/or Technical Communication or in English/ 
Rhetoric/ Composition/ Literacy/ 
Digital Media with work focused on Professional Communication; degree in hand by August 15, 2013) will demonstrate 
clear potential to meet the research expectations in professional communication at a Research Intensive 



university, to establish a national/ international scholarly profile, and to achieve a strong record of teaching in technical/ 
professional communication.

Responsibilities include teaching graduate and undergraduate classes in business writing, technical writing, digital 
media, and rhetoric and composition (the equivalent of four classes per year: three classes per year for the first four 
years in the case of tenure-track appointees). Additional responsibilities include involvement in general departmental 
service, possible development of new graduate curricula in professional writing, and contributions to established 
undergraduate and graduate courses in business and technical writing.

The Rhetoric, Composition and Literacy Studies program is comprised of 19 tenure and tenure-track faculty on 
four campuses, and we are the home of the annual Digital Media and Composition Institute. With 95 faculty, the 
Ohio State Department of English 
is large and vigorous and includes programs not only in rhetoric, composition, 
and literacy, but also in literature, disability studies, folklore, creative writing, race studies, film, narrative, and 
sexuality studies. Columbus is a thriving city with numerous opportunities for developing community and industry 
partnerships. Housing is affordable, and the city’s arts, libraries, zoo, and science center consistently win national 
recognition and awards.

Preliminary interviews will be conducted using conferencing technology (such as Skype or Google) or at the annual 
MLA convention. The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer. 
To 
build a diverse workforce, Ohio State encourages applications from GLBT people, women, minorities, veterans, 
and individuals with disabilities. Send cover letter, C.V., three letters of recommendation, and a sample of scholarship 
by November 1, 2012 to Englishjobs@ 
osu .edu, or mail to Professor Scott Lloyd DeWitt, Vice Chair of Rhetoric, 
Composition and Literacy, Department of English, 
The Ohio State University, 421 Denney Hall, 164 W. 17th 
Ave., Columbus, OH 43210. Interviews will begin after the deadline and will continue until hiring is complete.

Ohio SU

English, 
Denney Hall 421 164 W 17th Av Columbus OH 43210

http://english.osu.edu/

Assistant Professor of Screenwriting 17415

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15310

The Department of English 
and the Film Studies Program at the Ohio State University invite applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Screenwriting. Responsibilities will include teaching four courses 
per year (three courses for the first four years) as well as advising senior theses in screenwriting, overseeing the 
screenwriting track in Film Studies, and contributing to the development of an integrated film-studies /moving-
image-production program. The successful candidate will be responsible for teaching courses in screenwriting, as 
well as other courses in English 
and/or Film Studies depending on candidate's areas of expertise and publications/ 
productions in the discipline. Applicants are expected to hold a terminal degree (MFA, PhD) in a related field such 
as creative writing, film studies, or film production, and have related teaching experience; in cases of significant 
professional experience, exceptions to these requirements may be made. The position is a joint hire in English 
and Film Studies, with English 
serving as the Tenure Initiating Unit. The Department of English 
at Ohio State 
includes a highly active, successful MFA program in Creative Writing in poetry, fiction, and creative nonfiction; 
the Film Studies Program includes an interdisciplinary faculty involving scholars from across the university and a 
dynamic and growing undergraduate major. Please send a CV, cover letter, and writing sample (no more than one 
full-length screenplay) to Englishjobs@ 
osu .edu. Questions can be directed to search committee chair Professor 
Jared Gardner at gardner.236@ osu .edu. Review of applications will begin November 1, 2012. To build a diverse 
workforce Ohio State encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, GLBT people, 
and women. EEO/AA employer.


Wilmington C

English, 
Box 1308 Wilmington OH 45177

http://www2.wilmington.edu

Assistant professor of English 
17335

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15093



The Wilmington College English 
program invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor beginning August 
13, 2013 who specializes in the teaching of basic writing and composition to first-year students. The successful 
candidate will teach 3 courses per semester, mostly or exclusively in writing. Demonstrated expertise in teaching 
composition, a minimum of two years classroom experience, and a PhD in English 
or Rhetoric and Composition 
required by the time of appointment. Ability to teach creative writing or children’s/young adult literature desirable. 
Email cover letter incorporating brief statement of teaching philosophy, CV, and contact information for three references 
to: Scott Farkas, Director of Human Resources, Wilmington College, humanresources@ wilmington .edu. 
Applications due by 10/31/2012.

A private liberal arts college dedicated to educating future professionals, Wilmington College is affiliated with 
the Society of Friends (Quakers) and located in southwestern Ohio. Wilmington College is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Wright SU

English, 
3640 Colonel Glenn Hwy Dayton OH 45435

http://jobs.wright.edu/postings/5523

Assistant Professor of English 
& Academic Director of Developmental Writing 17341

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15096

Assistant Professor of English: 
teach three courses over two semesters, including undergraduate, graduate, and developmental 
writing courses; conduct research and scholarship in appropriate areas with academic home in the 
Department of English. 
As Academic Director of Developmental Writing in Wright State’s University College: assume 
responsibility for curriculum development, academic oversight, coordination with other writing courses, and 
program assessment. Required: Ph.D. in Writing Studies, Composition and Rhetoric, or related field anticipated by 
August 15, 2012; strong background in writing pedagogy and theory; evidence of successful teaching of writing. 
Preferred: Scholarship, coursework, and/or experience in Basic, Developmental, or Remedial writing pedagogy 
and curriculum design; coursework and background in reading theory and pedagogy; academic administrative experience. 
To apply, go to http:// jobs .wright .edu/ postings/5523 . Open until filled; first consideration 9/4/2012. An 
AA/EO Employer.


Wright SU

English, 
3640 Colonel Glenn Hwy Dayton OH 45435

http://www.wright.edu/cola/Dept/eng/

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing-Poetry 17217

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14662

Tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing: Poetry to begin August 2013. Required by the time of appointment: 
Ph.D. in English 
or MFA in Creative Writing with expertise in and ability to teach poetry. Also 
required: significant creative publication in poetry and promise of future publication; teaching experience and 
evidence of successful college-level teaching. Preferred: secondary teaching interest and publication in creative 
non-fiction. Candidates with substantial graduate-level work in Disability Studies, Gender Studies, Postcolonial 
literature, or African-American literature are encouraged to apply.

Load: five courses over two semesters plus advising and service. Courses will include graduate and undergraduate 
courses in field(s) and other service courses. Opportunity exists for summer teaching. All department faculty must 
be able to teach composition. Salary competitive.

Preliminary interviews will be by video conference; finalists will visit campus in winter. To apply, go to https:// 
jobs .wright .edu/ postings/5658 by November 1, 2012 for first consideration. An AA/EO Employer.




Xavier U

English, 
3800 Victory Pky Cincinnati OH 45207

http://www.xavier.edu/English

Assistant Professor of English 
17477

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15411

Xavier University, a Jesuit Catholic institution, seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
specializing in 
Victorian literature to fill a position beginning August 2013. Desirable secondary areas include the history of poetry 
in English, 
modern literary theory, or the history of literary criticism. Candidates must have a PhD.

Xavier University is the third largest independent institution in Ohio, the sixth oldest Catholic University in the 
nation, and one of 28 Jesuit colleges and universities nationwide. US News and World Report ranked the University 
16 years in a row among the top 10 Midwest colleges and universities.

To ensure consideration, applicants should submit a cover letter, c.v., graduate transcripts, 1–2 page teaching philosophy, 
and three letters of recommendation through Interfolio using the link above by November 7, 2012. The same 
materials may instead be mailed to Dr. Alison Russell, Chair, Department of English, 
Xavier University, 3800 Victory 
Parkway, Cincinnati, OH, 45207-4446, postmarked by November 7, 2012. Interviews of selected candidates 
will be conducted at the MLA convention in January 2013. Xavier University has a strong commitment to diversity 
and seeks a broad spectrum of candidates including women and minorities. [R]

OKLAHOMA

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Assistant Professor of Anglophone Literatures 17320

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15087

Tenure-track position in English 
in Anglophone literatures (excluding US) post 1900; interests in postcolonial 
studies and/or transnational modernism welcome. 2–2 teaching load beginning August 2013. PhD, strong research 
agenda, and demonstrated excellence in teaching required. Salary competitive and commensurate with experience. 
OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English. 
For further information on the department see our webpage at 
http:// english 
.okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by November 3, 2012. We 
will continue, however, to accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Email with subject 
line "Anglophone Literature" letter of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation 
and transcript to english 
.information@ okstate .edu. Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/ E-
Verify employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Endowed Professorship in Literature 17319

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15086

The Department of English 
seeks applicants for the Houston-Truax-Wentz Endowed Professorship in English. 
Tenured 
Full Professor position with a specialization in any area of literature, beginning August 2012. Ph.D. in Literature 
with a distinguished publication and research record required, as well as a demonstrated commitment to 
quality undergraduate and graduate teaching. Salary competitive.

The Houston-Truax-Wentz Endowed Professorship in English 
was established to encourage excellence in teaching 
and scholarship in the Department of English 
at Oklahoma State University. Area of specialization is open. We 



are especially interested in advanced scholars whose records in publishing and teaching will enhance our graduate 
program.

The Department of English 
offers B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. degrees in English. 
For information on the Department 
of English 
see our webpage at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. Informal enquiries to the Department Head (Dr. Carol 
Moder, carol .moder@ okstate .edu) are welcomed. We encourage inquiries and applications by November 3, 2012. 
However, we will continue to accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Applicants should 
submit a letter of application; a cv, a statement of research and teaching interests, a sample publication, and a list 
of persons who could provide references, including addresses (mail and e-mail) and telephone numbers. Applications 
should be sent to Dr. Carol Moder, HTW Search Committee, Oklahoma State University, 205 Morrill Hall, 
Stillwater, OK 74078-4069. Oklahoma State University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity/ E-Verify 
employer 
committed to diversity. OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Creative Writing – Poetry (Open Rank) 17317

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15022

Tenured or tenure-track open rank position in Poetry. MFA or PhD in Creative Writing with significant poetry 
publications and demonstrated teaching excellence required. Teaching two workshops per semester. Salary competitive. 
OSU offers the BA, MFA, and the PhD in English 
with specializations in Creative Writing. For further information 
on the department, see our webpage at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. Submit letter of application, cv, writing 
sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript via email to english 
.information@ okstate .edu. To ensure full consideration, applications must be received by November 5, 2012. However, we will 
continue to accept and consider applications until the position is filled. Filling of this position is contingent upon 
availability of funding. Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. 
OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

Oklahoma SU

English, 
205 Morrill Hall Stillwater OK 74078

http://english.okstate.edu

Screen Studies 17318

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15085

Assistant Professor of Screen Studies, tenure-track, preferred specialty in international/ transnational cinema, avant-
garde cinema, or silent cinema. Candidates should have ability to teach fundamental courses in screen theory and 
history. 2–2 teaching load beginning August 2013. PhD, strong research agenda, and demonstrated excellence in 
teaching required. Salary competitive and commensurate with experience. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD 
in English 
with a specialization in Screen Studies. OSU offers the BA, MA, and the PhD in English 
with specialization 
in Screen Studies. For further information on the department see our webpage at http:// english 
.okstate .edu. 
To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by November 5, 2012. We will continue, however, to 
accept and consider applications until the position has been filled. Email with subject line "Screen Studies" letter 
of application, cv, writing sample, and dossier, including three letters of recommendation and transcript to english 
.information@ okstate .edu. Oklahoma State University is an AA/EEO/ E-Verify employer 
committed to diversity. 
OSU-Stillwater is a tobacco-free campus.

U of Central Oklahoma

English, 
100 N University Dr Box 184 Edmond OK 73034

http://www.uco.edu/la/english/index.asp

Assistant Professor of English 
17238

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14728



Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor of English. 
Teach four courses per semester, including face-to-face and 
online classes in support of the First-Year Composition program and the M.A. program in Composition and Rhetoric. 
Ph.D. in English 
with specialization in Composition and Rhetoric required; emphasis in contemporary comparative 
and/or multicultural rhetoric desired. Evidence of teaching excellence required. Complete information 
and online application available at http:// jobs .uco .edu. The University of Central Oklahoma is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

OREGON

Oregon SU

English, 
238 Moreland Hall Corvallis OR 97331

http://oregonstate.edu/jobs

Assistant or Associate Professor 17373

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15243

A full-time (1.0 FTE) 9-month tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor (depending 
on qualifications and experience), to begin fall 2013, for a Director of Writing. This is a writing program administration 
position with opportunities to teach in areas of specialization in rhetoric/ writing. Responsibilities 
include training and supervising graduate teaching assistants in the teaching of first-year writing and participating 
in the development of the undergraduate writing minor and MA graduate area of concentration in rhetoric, writing, 
and culture. Required qualifications include a Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition, significant teaching experience, 
a strong record of effective teaching, and a demonstrable commitment to promoting and enhancing diversity 
on a globally-oriented campus. Preferred qualifications include experience and/or training in writing program 
administration.

Qualified applicants are invited to electronically submit an application, including 1) a letter of interest; 2) vita; 3) 
record of course and thesis work, which may be submitted as part of the cv. In addition, please submit at least three 
interfolio letters of reference directed to the Director of Writing Search Committee, c/o Anita Helle, Director, 
School of Writing, Literature, and Film, 238 Moreland Hall, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon 97331-
5302. Apply by November 9, 2012. For review of the full position announcement and complete list of required and 
preferred qualifications, refer to our website: http:// oregonstate .edu/ jobs. Posting #0009611 OSU is an AA/EOE Employer.


U of Oregon

English, 
1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403

http://english.uoregon.edu

Assistant Professor 19thC British Literature 17311

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15020

The Department of English 
at the University of Oregon invites scholars of Nineteenth-Century


British Literature to apply for the position of assistant professor: We are a diverse and growing department with 
strengths in traditional British, American, and Anglophone literary studies, as well as in environmental literary 
studies, queer and gender studies, rhetoric, folklore, and film and media studies. We are especially interested in 
scholars whose research and teaching will help build the department's existing strengths in the study of intersections 
among race, class, ethnicity, and gender; and we encourage applications from candidates who have experience 
working with students from diverse backgrounds.

Minimum Requirements: Ph.D. in English 
or related field in hand by time of appointment.

Salary is competitive.

Candidates are asked to apply on line at www .academicjobsonline .org by posting curriculum vitae, writing sample 
of approximately 20 pages, and three letters of recommendation. If you are unable to use this online resource, 
please contact engl@ uoregon .edu to arrange alternate means of submitting application materials.



Materials received after November 15, 2012 will not be considered.

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution committed to cultural diversity 
and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act. We strongly encourage applications from candidates who 
share our commitment to diversity. [R]

U of Oregon

English, 
1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403

http://english.uoregon.edu

Carlisle and Barbara Moore Chair 17310

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15016

The University of Oregon Department of English 
is seeking a distinguished scholar of Literature and Environment 
to hold the Carlisle and. Barbara Moore Chair in English. 
Associate or full professors (or the equivalent) working 
in areas of British, North American, colonial, post-colonial, indigenous, and ethnic American literary studies are 
urged to apply. Research interests for the Moore Chair might include, without being limited to, discourses of place 
and displacement, natural history writing, environmental justice, science studies, and animal studies.

The most competitive applicants will be established scholars with outstanding records of research and both graduate 
and undergraduate teaching who will enhance the Department's foundational reputation in Literature and Environment 
as well as the University's well-established Environmental Studies graduate and undergraduate programs. We 
are especially interested in scholars whose research and teaching will help build the department's existing strengths 
in the study of intersections among environmental issues, race, class, ethnicity, and gender; and we encourage applications 
from candidates who have experience working with students from diverse backgrounds.

Minimum Requirements: Ph.D. in English 
or related field and college level teaching experience.

Applicants should post letter of application, CV, a writing sample of current scholarship, and contact information for 
three referees to Academic Jobs Online: www .academicjobsonline .org/. If you are unable use this online resource, 
please contact engl@ uoregon .edu to arrange alternate means of submitting application materials. Interviews will 
not be conducted at the MLA convention; finalists will be invited to the University of Oregon campus in Eugene.

Review of materials will begin on November 1S, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled.

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution committed to cultural diversity 
and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act. We strongly encourage applications from candidates who 
share our commitment to diversity. [R]

PENNSYLVANIA

Allegheny C

English, 
520 N Main St Meadville PA 16335

http://sites.allegheny.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 17379

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15232

Allegheny College invites applications for a tenure-track advanced Assistant Professor in Composition and Rhetoric 
to serve as Director of College Writing. Primary responsibilities include teaching writing courses and an introductory 
literature course. Responsibilities of the Director of College Writing include supporting faculty teaching 
in the Writing-Across-the-Curriculum program. Teaching load is 2–2 or 2–1. Qualifications: Ph.D in Composition 
and Rhetoric, WPA experience, promising publication record, and a strong commitment to teaching. Allegheny 
College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a dedicated faculty of teacher-scholars. Please 
submit letter of application and c.v. electronically through the link above by no later than October 19th, 2012, to 
Prof. Christopher Bakken, Chair, Department of English. 
All application materials must be submitted through 
Interfolio. Writing samples and letters of recommendation will be requested of short-listed candidates. Allegheny 



College is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
with a strong institutional commitment to develop a diverse faculty 
and staff. Women and members of other under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. [R]

Allegheny C

English, 
520 N Main St Meadville PA 16335

http://sites.allegheny.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of Early Modern Literature 17305

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15047

The English 
Department invites applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor position in Early Modern literature, 
with a strong secondary teaching interest. Primary responsibilities will include teaching undergraduate courses in 
Shakespeare, Renaissance literature, and introductory literature courses. Qualifications: Ph.D., college teaching experience, 
a promising record of publication, and a strong commitment to teaching. Teaching load is between 5.5 
and 6 courses, depending on Senior Project advising. All faculty are expected to participate in delivering college-
wide first-year/ sophomore seminars that emphasize writing and speaking. The successful candidate will provide evidence 
of excellence in teaching, ongoing scholarship and professional development. Allegheny College is a highly 
selective private liberal arts college with a dedicated faculty of teacher-scholars. Please submit letter of application 
and c.v. electronically through the link above by no later than October 19, 2012, to Prof. Christopher Bakken, 
Chair, Department of English. 
Writing samples and letters of recommendation will be requested of short-listed candidates. 
Allegheny College is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
with a strong institutional commitment to develop 
a diverse faculty and staff. Women and members of other under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. [R]

Allegheny C

English, 
520 N Main St Meadville PA 16335

http://sites.allegheny.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 17306

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15048

The English 
department at Allegheny College invites applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor position in 
African-American literature. Primary responsibilities will include teaching undergraduate courses in African-
American literature, courses in the interdisciplinary Black Studies program, and introductory literature courses. 
Qualifications: Ph.D., college teaching experience, a promising record of publication, and a strong commitment 
to teaching. Teaching load is between 5.5 and 6 courses, depending on Senior Project advising. All faculty are 
expected to participate in delivering college-wide first-year/ sophomore seminars that emphasize writing and 
speaking. The successful candidate will provide evidence of excellence in teaching, ongoing scholarship and professional 
development. Allegheny College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a dedicated faculty 
of teacher-scholars. Please submit letter of application and c.v. electronically through the link above by no later 
than October 19th, 2012, to Prof. Christopher Bakken, Chair, Department of English. 
Writing samples and letters 
of recommendation will be requested of short-listed candidates. Allegheny College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer, 
with a strong institutional commitment to develop a diverse faculty and staff. Women and members of 
other under-represented groups are encouraged to apply.

Bucknell U

English, 
Lewisburg PA 17837

http://jobs.bucknell.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=52231

Tenure Track Assistant Professor of English 
17264

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14821

Bucknell University, Department of English, 
invites applications for an open rank position in African American 
literature, with specialization in any area of African American literature.

The regular teaching load at Bucknell University is five courses per academic year. The successful candidate will 
begin the position effective August 15, 2013.



PHD preferred, ABD considered

Applicants should have demonstrable teaching experience and scholarly credentials commensurate with their rank.

Finalists for this position who wish to be considered for tenure upon appointment will be asked to submit a complete 
tenure dossier.

For consideration at the rank of assistant professor, send a letter of application, cv, and three letters of recommendation. 
For consideration at the associate or full ranks, send a letter of application, cv, and the names of three referees 
whom the department may contact directly.

Bucknell University encourages applications from women and members of minority groups (EEO/AA), values a 
diverse college community, and is committed to excellence through diversity in its faculty, staff and students. Please 
visit the Bucknell English 
Department on the web at http:// www .departments .bucknell .edu/ english.


Applications received by October 15, 2012, will receive first consideration. [R]

Carnegie Mellon U

English, 
5000 Forbes Av Baker Hall 259 Pittsburgh PA 15213

http://www.cmu.edu/hss/english/

Assistant or Associate Teaching Professor (Rhetoric/ Composition, Second Language Writing) 17548

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15539

DESCRIPTION OF POSTION: The Department of English 
at Carnegie Mellon invites applications for a full-
time (9-month), position as Assistant or Associate Teaching Professor at Carnegie Mellon’s Qatar campus beginning 
in Fall 2013.

Carnegie Mellon’s Qatar campus is a highly selective branch campus of Carnegie Mellon University and has served 
a diverse student body since 2004. We offer undergraduate majors in Biological Sciences, Business Administration, 
Computational Biology, Computer Science, and Information Systems. Current enrollment is approximately 350 
students representing 39 countries. Approximately 40% of the students are Qatari. All classes are coeducational, 
with 52% female students.

A 2/2 teaching load will include courses within the First-year Writing Program as well as an occasional upper-level 
course that would appeal to students as a General Education elective; a Professional Writing minor or English 
Studies 
minor requirement or elective; or meet a writing/ communications requirement in a major. The course would 
typically relate to the faculty member’s area of specialization.

APPOINTMENT AND RANK: Assistant or Associate Teaching Professor is a nontenure-track faculty career position 
with provision for renewal and promotion to Associate Teaching and Full Teaching Professor. Full Teaching 
Professors must fulfill two criteria: (1) to be outstanding educators within Carnegie Mellon, for example, through 
excellence in classroom teaching, curricular development, program leadership, and student advising and mentoring; 
and (2) to be nationally or internationally known for contributions to education or to research. Assistant and Associate 
Teaching faculty must demonstrate that they will, in due course, fulfill these criteria. Salary is competitive.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Requirements include a PhD in Rhetoric/ Composition, Professional/ Technical 
Writing, Second Language Writing, Second Language Studies, or related field. Knowledge and experience related 
to teaching writing is also required.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: We desire a candidate with knowledge related to teaching English 
in transnational 
contexts. We also desire candidates with research agendas that demonstrate synergies between their scholarship, 
pedagogy, and professional development that are relevant to the Carnegie Mellon Qatar campus. Such synergies 
might include, but are not limited to, studies of professional and technical writing contexts, especially global and/
or multilingual; writing in the disciplines, especially science and engineering; rhetoric of science; and new media, 
especially web design and social media. We are open to social science as well as humanities methodologies.

The university is especially interested in qualified candidates who can contribute, through their research, teaching, 
and/or service, to the diversity and excellence of the academic community. We strongly encourage applications 
from female and minority candidates.



Application Deadline: Applicants should submit a cover letter, full dossier, and three current letters of reference 
online at the link above by November 15, 2012. Questions may be addressed to Ms.Vickie McKay vm29@ andrew 
.cmu .edu, (412) 268-2850.

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer.


For further information about our department and university, see: http:// www .cmu .edu/ hss/ english/ 
[R]

Carnegie Mellon U

English, 
5000 Forbes Av Baker Hall 259 Pittsburgh PA 15213

http://www.cmu.edu/hss/english/

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric 17539

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15541

Carnegie Mellon University’s Department of English 
seeks a specialist in Rhetoric at the rank of Assistant Professor 
beginning Sep. 1, 2013. Although we are especially interested in candidates at the Assistant level, we will consider 
exceptional candidates at any rank. Further areas of specialization are open, but we are particularly interested in 
rhetorical scholarship in the following: civic engagement, civil rights and post-civil rights; new media and digital 
humanities; cross-cultural communication and globalization; feminism; and health care. We welcome a range of research 
methods: historical, rhetorical analysis, discourse analysis, comparative, and observational (e.g., ethnography).

The successful candidate will demonstrate an interest in teaching in our professional as well as academic programs. 
Our programs include a B.A. in professional writing, a B.S. in technical writing, an M.A. in professional writing, 
an M.Design in communication planning and information design (joint with the School of Design), and an M.A. 
and Ph.D. in rhetoric. The rhetoric program also contributes required courses to the English 
Department’s B.A. in 
English.


Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by the time of the appointment in Rhetoric, Communication Studies, English, 
Linguistics, 
or closely related field. We will prefer candidates with a record of research publication, a record of successful 
teaching relevant to our programs, and interdisciplinary skills appropriate to publishing and teaching in rhetoric 
and written communication. The Department particularly invites applications from members of under-represented 
minorities.

Appointment, Rank, and Salary: Nine-month, tenure-track position; rank appropriate to experience; competitive 
salary. The teaching load is two courses each semester.

Application Deadline: Applicants should submit a cover letter, dossier, and three letters of reference online at the link 
above by November 1, 2012. Candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional 
materials. We plan to make a preliminary selection of potential candidates early in December and hope to meet with 
candidates at the Modern Language Association meeting in January. We anticipate campus interviews in January.

Questions may be addressed to Ms.Vickie McKay vm29@ andrew .cmu .edu, (412) 268-2850.

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer.


For further information about our department and university, see: http:// www .cmu .edu/ hss/ english/ 
[R]

Dickinson C

English, 
PO Box 1773 28 N College St Carlisle PA 17013

http://www.dickinson.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
with specialty in Film Studies 17426

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15316

The department seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
with a specialty in film studies, to start in fall 
2013. Desirable secondary interests include media studies, performance studies, drama, and/or Shakespeare. The 
teaching load is five courses per year on a two-semester schedule. The candidate will teach across the curriculum 
(viewable at http:// www .dickinson .edu/ academics/ programs/ english/ 
Curriculum-and-Courses/) and at all 



undergraduate 
levels, including introductory, upper-level, and methodological courses in the analysis of literature, 
as well as first-year seminars and a yearlong capstone course for the senior thesis. At Dickinson, every member of 
the department teaches at all levels, and innovation in both teaching and scholarship are prized. Candidates should 
have the Ph.D. in hand by July 2013, when the appointment begins, or soon thereafter.

Dickinson College is a private, selective, liberal-arts college of about 2,400 undergraduate students located in central 
Pennsylvania, 20 miles southwest of the state capital, Harrisburg, and within easy driving distance (1½ to 3 
hours) of Baltimore, Washington, Philadelphia, and New York. The college is known and respected for its international, 
interdisciplinary, and sustainability programs. Salary and benefits are competitive, support for travel to conferences 
and for research is generous, and sabbatical (every six years) support includes pre-tenure leave.

We encourage candidates to visit the college website at www .dickinson .edu and familiarize themselves with 
the department and college as a whole. Applicants should submit an electronic cover letter and curriculum vitae 
through https:// jobs .dickinson .edu by November 9, 2012. We will make requests for dossiers and writing samples 
if appropriate, hold preliminary interviews by Skype, and invite finalists to campus in early 2013. The College is 
committed to building a representative and diverse faculty, administrative staff, and student body. We encourage 
applications from all qualified persons. [R]

Juniata C

English, 
1700 Moore St Huntingdon PA 16652

http://www.juniata.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17267

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14822

Juniata College invites applicants for a full-time, tenure track position as an Assistant Professor of English, 
teaching 
primarily African American Literature beginning in August 2013. The course load is 21 credits per year, including 
one section of Freshman Composition each fall.

In addition to teaching, duties include advising students, maintaining a scholarly agenda, and actively participating 
in departmental and college level service. Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2012, and continue 
until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention in Boston in January 2013.

Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in English 
by May 2013. Additional experience in teaching women's and multicultural 
literature courses. Preference will be given to candidates who also show evidence of teaching excellence and 
scholarly potential.

It is the policy of Juniata College to conduct background checks.

Juniata College takes positive steps to enhance diversity in both its community and its curriculum. The College 
commits itself to this practice not because of legal obligations, but because it fully believes that such practices are 
basic to human dignity.

To apply for this position, please visit www .juniata .edu/ jobs. [R]

Lebanon Valley C

English, 
101 College Av Humanities Bldg, 2nd Fl Annville PA 17003

http://www.lvc.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17506

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15454

Lebanon Valley College invites applications for a tenure-track position in the English 
Department to begin fall 
2013. A Ph.D. in English 
is required as well as evidence of teaching excellence at the college level and scholarly 
potential. The successful candidate will have strong research interests in American literature, and preference will be 
given to those with communications or creative writing experience. The 4/4 teaching load will include first-year 
writing courses, intermediate level literature, and more specialized upper-level courses.



Complete applications, including curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, original transcripts, publication 
sample, and three letters of reference should be emailed to work@ lvc .edu. Applicants also must email a teaching 
portfolio consisting of a statement of teaching philosophy, at least two official course evaluation summaries, and 
two recent syllabi. Application materials must be received by Nov. 11, 2012 and interviews will be conducted at the 
MLA convention.

LVC is a private, liberal arts college with approximately 1,650 students and a tradition of excellence in teaching. 
Located in south central Pennsylvania, the College is within a two-hour drive of Philadelphia, Baltimore, and 
Washington, D.C. Additional information about the College can be found at www .lvc .edu and the department at 
www .lvc .edu/ english. 
EOE.

Swarthmore C

English 
Lit, 500 College Av Swarthmore PA 19081

http://www.swarthmore.edu/academics/english-literature.xml

Assistant Professor, Tenure-track, Early American Literature, Department of English 
Literature 17248

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14988

Tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level in early American literature and American Studies. Candidates 
should demonstrate scholarly and pedagogical expertise in the colonial period through 1800, as well as expertise in 
nineteenth-century 
American literature. Environmental Studies, Native American Studies, and Black Studies are 
especially welcome areas of focus. PhD should be completed by the beginning of the appointment; teaching experience 
required. Application through ByCommittee is preferred. Applicants not using ByCommitte must send letter of 
application, CV, dossier (including transcript), and writing sample (15–20 pages maximum) to Prof. Nora Johnson, 
Chair, Department of English 
Literature, Swarthmore College, 500 College Avenue, Swarthmore, PA 19081-1397. 
Electronic applications close November 1, 2012; deadline for application by mail is a postmark of November 1, 2012.

Swarthmore College is a highly selective liberal arts college, located in the suburbs of Philadelphia, whose mission 
combines academic rigor with social responsibility. Swarthmore has a strong institutional commitment to inclusive 
excellence through diversity in its educational program and employment practices. The College actively seeks and 
welcomes applications from candidates with exceptional qualifications, particularly those with demonstrable commitments 
to a more inclusive society and world.

U of Pennsylvania

English, 
127 Fisher-Bennett Hall 3340 Walnut St Philadelphia PA 19104

http://www.english.upenn.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17402

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15296

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in American 
literature from 1945 to the present. The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester; 
salary and benefits will be competitive. Applications should be submitted online at this Penn portal: 
https:// facultysearches .provost .upenn .edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51096. Include a letter of application, CV, 
writing sample (max. 7500 words), and the contact information for at least three individuals who will be contacted 
by the University with instructions on how to submit a letter of recommendation. Candidates are encouraged to 
apply by October 26, 2012. Applications will be considered until the position is filled.

The University of Pennsylvania is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer.


U of Pennsylvania

English, 
127 Fisher-Bennett Hall 3340 Walnut St Philadelphia PA 19104

http://www.english.upenn.edu/

Assistant Professor of English 
17364

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15240



The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in nineteenth-century 
British 
literature. The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester; salary and benefits will 
be competitive. Applications should be submitted online at this Penn portal: https:// facultysearches .provost .upenn 
.edu/ applicants/ Central?quickFind=51095. Please include a cover letter, CV, writing sample (max. 7500 words), 
and contact information for recommenders. Review of applications will begin on October 26, 2012 and continue 
until the position is filled.

The University of Pennsylvania is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. 
[R]

Ursinus C

English, 
PO Box 1000 Collegeville PA 19426

http://ursinus.edu

Director of Writing and Speaking Program 17486

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15404

Ursinus College invites applications for a director of our re-conceptualized Writing and Speaking Program. The director 
will build on an existing writing program and enhance it by adding a speaking/ oral presentation component. 
The director will support the efforts of academic departments and faculty to develop students’ abilities to write and 
speak using disciplinary conventions as well as taking ideas and arguments that are discipline specific and presenting 
them to various audiences. The director will support programing for students as they move from our required first-
year student seminar, The Common Intellectual Experience (CIE), through the curriculum to the capstone courses 
and our required writing-intensive and oral presentation requirements in the individual major departments.

Ideally, the Director of the Program will have a Ph. D in Rhetoric and Composition or equivalent experience with 
a background in persuasion and argumentation, as well as administrative and writing center experience. This is a 
three-year administrative position reporting to the Vice President for Academic Affairs, with visiting faculty status, 
depending on qualifications, and the possibility of renewal. The director will train and supervise students to work 
with their peers, reach out to academic departments, conduct workshops for faculty, develop and administer an assessment 
plan, and teach one course per semester including the Student Fellows preparation course.

Established in 1869, Ursinus College is a highly selective, independent liberal arts college with a tradition of academic 
excellence and a strong commitment to undergraduate research in a student body of approximately 1,650. 
The campus is located in Collegeville, PA, 25 miles from center-city Philadelphia. Ursinus College is an EEO/
AA employer. 
Send application letter, C.V., statement of teaching philosophy, three confidential letters of recommendation, 
and transcripts to Dr. Rebecca Jaroff, Chair, Department of English, 
Ursinus College, Collegeville, PA 
19426-1000. Applications received by November 9, 2012 will receive full consideration.

Villanova U

Dept. of Humanities & Augustinian Traditions, 800 Lancaster Ave. SAC 304 Villanova PA 19085

http://www1.villanova.edu/villanova/artsci/humanities.html

Assistant Professor of Continental European Literature 17337

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15094

The Department of Humanities invites applicants for an entry-level tenure-track position in Continental European 
Literature, with expertise in religion and literature, women and Catholic literature and thought, and/or faith and 
culture; it could include opportunities for language instruction in continental languages. Position begins in Fall 
Semester 2013; Ph.D. completed prior to appointment. Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate core and 
elective courses, 3–2 teaching load prior to tenure. Submit letter of application, CV, 3 letters of recommendation, 
and 2–3 page response to the department’s statement of purpose via jobs .villanova .edu. Further questions may be 
directed to Kevin L. Hughes, Chair, Department of Humanities; Kevin .hughes@ villanova .edu or 610-519-4728. 
Villanova is a Roman Catholic University sponsored by the Augustinian Order. An AA/EEO employer, 
Villanova 
seeks a diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service and especially teaching, who understand, respect and can 
contribute to the University’s mission and values. All application materials should be received by November 15, 
2012. [R]



York C of Pennsylvania

English 
& Humanities, 441 Country Club Rd York PA 17403

http://www.ycp.edu/

Assistant/ Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17588

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15699

To expand and further develop a thriving Professional Writing major and help design an innovative General Education 
program driven by First-Year Writing, York College of Pennsylvania seeks a tenure-track Rhetoric and 
Composition teacher/ scholar at the Assistant or Associate level. We seek a specialist in composition pedagogy, assessment, 
or administration; multimodal composition; writing centers; or writing across the curriculum/ writing in 
the disciplines.

The successful applicant will join a collegial and nationally active community of writing faculty, shape the future 
and centrality of writing in the new General Education curriculum currently under development at York College, 
and teach in the 80-student strong Professional Writing major, one of the College’s fastest growing majors. Courses 
such as Writing in Professional Cultures, Digital Writing, Interdisciplinary Writing, Document Design, Rhetorical 
Theory, Experiential Learning, and Professional Editing comprise the Professional Writing major, an integral 
part of York College’s English 
and Humanities Department, and students are also offered Teaching and Tutoring of 
Writing to work in their field as peer tutors and writing fellows in the Writing Center. The proposed General Education 
curriculum seeks to combine written, oral, and visual communication as well as information literacy into 
two holistic, foundational courses and develop a first-year seminar and interdisciplinary constellations of courses. 
All of these courses will provide novel teaching opportunities for writing faculty.

Minimum credentials: Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition by time of appointment, documented experience in and 
commitment to excellence in teaching and advising, a program of productive scholarly activity, and a commitment 
to campus service.

York College is an independent college with nearly 4,600 full-time and over 600 part-time undergraduate students 
and approximately 250 graduate students. Students are from more than 30 states and 15 countries and have access to 
more than 50 undergraduate majors. The College also operates a K-12 private day school. York’s core values focus 
on 1) teaching with close faculty/ student interaction (faculty teach 4 courses per semester), 2) high quality and affordability, 
3) a pragmatic and results-oriented approach to academic excellence, and 4) a professional curriculum in 
a liberal learning environment.

Located in York County on a beautifully landscaped and meticulously groomed campus in south-central Pennsylvania, 
the College is located just over an hour from Baltimore-Washington International Airport and two hours 
from Philadelphia and Washington. The city of York and surrounding area have a population of 100,000 with a 
county population that exceeds 400,000.

Review of materials will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. For full consideration of applications, 
please send a letter of interest and c.v. by October 17. York College is committed to building a diverse 
college community and encourages members of under-represented groups to apply.

Send letter of interest and c.v. in PDF format to: employment@ ycp .edu

Applicants whose candidacies warrant further review will be contacted for additional materials.

York College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
For a copy of York College’s Annual Security Report, you may 
contact the Office of Campus Safety or visit the website: http:www .ycp .edu/ offices-and-services/ campus-safety/ 
department-publications/ annual-security-report. [R]

York C of Pennsylvania 

English & Humanities, 441 Country Club Rd, York, PA 17403

http://www.ycp.edu/

Assistant/Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17586 

https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15969



To expand and further develop a thriving Professional Writing major and help design an innovative General Education 
program driven by First-Year Writing, York College of Pennsylvania seeks a tenure-track Rhetoric and Composition 
teacher/scholar at the Assistant or Associate level. We seek a specialist in technical communication, grant 
writing, science writing, or new media. Industry experience is welcome. 

The successful applicant will join a collegial and nationally active community of writing faculty, shape the future 
and centrality of writing in the new General Education curriculum currently under development at York College, 
and teach in the 80-student strong Professional Writing major, one of the College’s fastest growing majors. Courses 
such as Writing in Professional Cultures, Digital Writing, Interdisciplinary Writing, Document Design, Rhetorical 
Theory, Experiential Learning, and Professional Editing comprise the Professional Writing major, an integral 
part of York College’s English and Humanities Department, and students are also offered Teaching and Tutoring of 
Writing to work in their field as peer tutors and writing fellows in the Writing Center. The proposed General Education 
curriculum seeks to combine written, oral, and visual communication as well as information literacy into 
two holistic, foundational courses and develop a first-year seminar and interdisciplinary constellations of courses. 
All of these courses will provide novel teaching opportunities for writing faculty. 

Minimum credentials include a Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition by the time of appointment, documented experience 
in and commitment to excellence in teaching and advising, a program of productive scholarly activity, and a 
commitment to campus service. 

York College is an independent college with nearly 4,600 full-time and over 600 part-time undergraduate students 
and approximately 250 graduate students. Students are from more than 30 states and 15 countries and have access to 
more than 50 undergraduate majors. The College also operates a K-12 private day school. York’s core values focus 
on 1) teaching with close faculty/student interaction (faculty teach 4 courses per semester), 2) high quality and affordability, 
3) a pragmatic and results-oriented approach to academic excellence, and 4) a professional curriculum in 
a liberal learning environment. 

Located in York County on a beautifully landscaped and meticulously groomed campus in south-central Pennsylvania, 
the College is located just over an hour from Baltimore-Washington International Airport and two hours 
from Philadelphia and Washington. The city of York and surrounding area have a population of 100,000 with a 
county population that exceeds 400,000. 

Review of materials will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. For full consideration of applications, 
please send a letter of interest and c.v. by October 17. York College is committed to building a diverse 
college community and encourages members of under-represented groups to apply. 

Send letter of interest and c.v. in PDF format to: employment@ycp.edu 

Applicants whose candidacies warrant further review will be contacted for additional materials. 

York College is an Equal Opportunity Employer. For a copy of York College’s Annual Security Report, you may 
contact the Office of Campus Safety or visit the website: http:www.ycp.edu/offices-and-services/campus-safety/
department-publications/annual-security-report. [R]

RHODE ISLAND

Brown U

Amer Studies, Box 1892, 82 Waterman St Providence RI 02912

Assistant Professor, Latina/o Studies 17464

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15226

Brown University’s Department of American Studies seeks applications for a tenure-track position in Latina/o Studies. 
Applicants should have a strong foundation in Latina/o Studies, which can come from a range of disciplinary 
homes, as well as experience with interdisciplinary scholarship. We seek candidates whose primary focus is Latina/o 
Studies from a cultural, historical, and/or socio-political perspective. We are looking for scholars who demonstrate 
an interest in race, ethnicity, and public humanities because faculty in the Department of American Studies 
work closely with other academic units at Brown, particularly the Center for the Study of Race and Ethnicity in 



America, 
the Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice, and the John Nicholas Brown Center for Public Humanities 
and Cultural Heritage .The appointment will begin on July 1, 2013, or as soon as possible thereafter. [R]

Brown U

Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women, Box 1958 Providence RI 02912

http://www.pembrokecenter.org

Pembroke Center Postdoctoral Fellowship 17427

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14921

In 2013–14, the Pembroke Center is awarding one-year residential postdoctoral fellowships to scholars from any 
field whose research relates to the theme of “Socialism and Post-Socialism”. Fellows are required to participate in a 
weekly research seminar and teach one undergraduate course.

Candidates are selected on the basis of their scholarly potential and the relevance of their work to the research 
theme. Recipients must have a PhD and may not hold a tenured position. Fellowships are awarded to postdoctoral 
scholars who received their degrees from institutions other than Brown University. Brown University is an EEO/
AA employer. 
Underrepresented minority scholars are encouraged to apply.

The term of appointment is July 1, 2013-June 30, 2014. The stipend is $50,000, plus a supplement for health insurance. 
For a full description of the postdoctoral fellowship see http:// www .pembrokecenter .org/

Apply online at https:// secure .interfolio .com/ apply/14921

The deadline for receipt of applications is December 7, 2012. Selections announced in March.

Providence C

English, 
1 Cunningham Sq Providence RI 02918

http://www.providence.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
(Writing Specialist) 17567

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15540

The Department of English 
at Providence College invites applications for a writing specialist at the level of assistant 
professor (tenure-track) commencing August 2013. Responsibilities include support for the teaching of writing and 
writing proficiencies in the college's new Core Curriculum, as well as teaching a variety of writing courses within 
the English 
Department, including first-year writing. Applicants with backgrounds in composition/ rhetoric, creative 
non-fiction, or literature may apply, as long as their primary area of interest and expertise is in undergraduate 
writing.

Terminal degree from an accredited institution is required. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in undergraduate 
teaching, the ability to establish a strong scholarly publication record, and a willingness to be active in service 
to the college and the community.

Applicants must apply on-line at the College career site (https:// careers .providence .edu) and submit a cover letter, 
curriculum vitae, graduate transcript(s), a writing sample of no more than 20 pages, and the names and email addresses 
of three references who can provide a letter of recommendation. If applicants prefer to use a dossier service 
such as Interfolio, information may be emailed directly to Janet Masso in the Department of English 
at jmasso@ 
providence .edu. Application deadline is November 1, 2012. We will conduct interviews at the MLA convention.

Providence College is a Roman Catholic four-year liberal arts institution conducted under the auspices of the Dominican 
Friars and seeks candidates who can affirm and contribute to its mission.

An AA/EOE, the College especially encourages the applications of women and persons of color. [R]



SOUTH CAROLINA

Coastal Carolina U

English, 
PO Box 261954 Conway SC 29528

http://www.coastal.edu

Assistant Professor of English 
17632

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15713

(Fiction Writing specialization)

The Department of English 
at Coastal Carolina University invites applications for a tenure-track position in fiction 
at the Assistant Professor level. Our growing department seeks an experienced instructor with a fiction writing 
background to teach graduate-level classes in the M.A. in Writing program, undergraduate fiction workshops, 
introductory creative writing, and first-year composition. The new hire will also have the opportunity to work on 
Waccamaw, the department's award-winning literary journal.

Competitive candidates will have a Ph.D. or M.F.A. in creative writing, as well as training and teaching experience 
in creative writing, literature, and first-year composition. The successful candidate will have significant publications 
in literary journals and/or at least one published book. Preference will be given to candidates with a published 
novel and/or experience teaching long-form fiction writing. Additional specialties desired include: literary editing 
and publishing, a secondary genre (screenwriting, poetry, or creative nonfiction), and women's and gender studies.

Coastal Carolina University, a public liberal arts institution located just nine miles from the Atlantic coast resort of 
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, enrolls more than 9,000 students from 48 states and 39 nations. The University is 
accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award the baccalaureate 
and master’s degrees.

Candidates should submit electronically a letter of application (outlining interest in the position, qualifications, and 
approach to teaching) and a current CV at http:// jobs .coastal .edu. To ensure full consideration, application materials 
must be received by November 15, 2012.

Coastal Carolina University is building a culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates. CCU is an EO/AA employer.


SOUTH DAKOTA

Augustana C

English/ 
Journalism, 2001 S Summit Av Sioux Falls SD 57197

http://www.augie.edu

Assistant Professor/ Writing Center Director 17460

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15453

Tenure-track assistant professor/ Writing Center directorship for a rhetoric/ composition specialist with a Ph.D. 
in rhetoric/ composition or its equivalent. Responsibilities include teaching classes in introductory and advanced 
composition (2/2 load) and a required seminar-level course in grammars, administering the Writing Center and 
its tutor program, and taking a leadership role in current and future campus initiatives to improve written communication 
skills. Interest in working with a diverse international student body a plus. Ph.D. needs to be in hand 
by August 2013. In addition, the successful applicant will demonstrate commitment to excellence in teaching, 
professional scholarly activity, and the mission of a private, liberal arts, church-related college. Salary is competitive, 
dependent upon qualifications and experience. Review of applications will begin immediately and close on 
November 1, 2012.

To apply, please submit a cover letter, CV, three recent letters of recommendation, statement of teaching philosophy, 
research interests and administrative experience electronically to: humanresources@ augie .edu.



Augustana College is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action/ Title IX Employer. 
Women and members of minority 
groups are strongly encouraged to apply. Applicants must comply with the Immigration Reform and Control 
Act and are required to submit official transcripts upon employment.

South Dakota SU

English, 
Scobey Hall, Box 504 Brookings SD 57007

http://www.sdstate.edu/engl/index.cfm

Assistant Professor of English: 
19th-Century 
British Literature 17672

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15932

The English 
Department at South Dakota State University is accepting applications for a full-time, tenure-track 
assistant professor of English 
to teach courses in 19th-Century 
British Literature, including courses in Romantic 
and Victorian Literature. Minimum qualifications are a Ph.D. in English 
with an emphasis in 19th-Century 
British 
Literature in hand by August 15th, 2013 as well as effective written and oral communication skills and effective 
interpersonal skills. Emphasis must be demonstrated in each of the following ways: 1) Ph.D.-level coursework 
in 19th-Century 
British Literature; 2) Written and/or oral qualifying exams in 19th-Century 
British Literature; 
and 3) a dissertation project focusing on issues pertaining to 19th-Century 
British Literature. Also must demonstrate 
the following: Ability to teach courses in 19th-Century 
British literature, including courses in Romantic 
and Victorian Literature; ability to teach introductory survey of British literature from 1785-present; ability to 
teach courses in composition or technical communication; potential in scholarship and publication; willingness 
to develop and teach distance education courses; and interest in developing community outreach and/or Service 
Learning programs. Experience or training in one or more of the following areas desired: Ethnic Studies; Digital 
Humanities; or Juvenile Literature. Tenure-track assignment includes: 3–3 teaching load with expectations in 
scholarship, advising, and departmental, college, and university service. Salary is commensurate with qualifications. 
Application deadline: November 1st, 2012. For more information, contact Dr. Bruce Brandt (-605-688-4058) or 
bruce .brandt@ sdstate .edu. To apply, visit https:// YourFuture .sdbor .edu, search by the position, and follow the electronic 
employment process. Paper and e-mail applications will not be accepted. Applicants will submit a letter of 
application, a CV, and the names/ contact information of three references. SDSU will not be interviewing at the 
MLA in Boston. For questions on the electronic employment process, contact SDSU Human Resources at (605) 
688-4128. SDSU is an AA/EEO employer. 
We encourage women and members of minority groups to apply. [R]

TENNESSEE

U of Tennessee, Knoxville

English, 
301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996

http://web.utk.edu/~english/default.html

Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor, Rhetoric and Composition 17552

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15509

Applications due October 15, but the search remains open until the position is filled.

Position requires Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition with specialization in contemporary composition theories 
or related area, record of teaching excellence, an active research agenda with publications appropriate to the rank, 
and experience with writing program administration. Additional areas of expertise may include legal rhetorics, literacy 
studies, or digital and public rhetorics. UTK features the BA, MA, and PhD in English 
with an emphasis in 
Rhetoric, Writing, and Linguistics. Our first-year writing program is administered on a rotating basis, with limited 
terms for those taking on this responsibility. Salary and teaching loads are competitive, and a generous department 
endowment provides ample support for research and travel. We are a “Doctoral/ Research Extensive” institution 
and the flagship university in our state system. Application should include cover letter, vita, representative writing 
sample, and a dossier of three letters of recommendation and graduate transcript. Send correspondence to utenglishrwl@ 
utk .edu, or by surface mail to the attention of Misty Anderson, Associate Head, Department of English, 
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN, 37996-0430. The University of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title 
IX/Section 504/ADA/ ADEA institution in the provision of its education and employment programs and services. 



All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, 
religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, 
or covered veteran status. The Knoxville campus of the University of Tennessee is seeking candidates who have the 
ability to contribute in meaningful ways to the diversity and intercultural goals of the University.

Vanderbilt U

English, 
VU Station B, Box 351654 2301 Vanderbilt Pl Nashville TN 37235

http://www.vanderbilt.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of English 
17420

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15336

The Vanderbilt English 
Department seeks to hire two tenure-track Assistant Professors. Candidates should have 
expertise in one or more of the following areas: 1) Post-colonial, transnational, or inter-American literatures. Candidates 
with an interest in global indigeneities, patterns of diaspora, race, caste, or empire are especially welcome. 
2) Latino/ Latina, Asian American, or Native American literatures. Candidates must have PhD in hand before the 
start of the appointment in the fall semester, 2013. Please submit a letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample of up to 30 pages through Interfolio using the link above by October 15, 2012. 
Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Vanderbilt is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R]

TEXAS

Baylor U

English, 
1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798

Assistant professor of Linguistics 17513

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15460

The Department of English 
at Baylor University invites applications for a tenure track assistant professor to join its 
team of linguists beginning Fall 2013. Teaching will be primarily in the Department’s growing undergraduate Program 
in Language and Linguistics, which currently has about 38 majors. There is potential for graduate teaching 
and graduate student supervision as well. Specialization in syntax is preferred. Further areas of interest are language 
acquisition, psycholinguistics, translation, semantics, language typology and computational linguistics. Evidence 
of a commitment to scholarly research and publication and to undergraduate education is essential. The candidate 
should have the Ph.D. in hand at the start of the appointment.

Applications will be reviewed beginning 1 October 2012 and will be accepted until the position is filled. To ensure 
full consideration for MLA interviews, applications should be completed by 1 November 2012. A letter of application, 
a c.v., transcripts, and three letters of recommendation should be sent to Dr. Dianna Vitanza; Chair, Department 
of English; 
One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404.

Baylor, the world’s largest Baptist university, holds a Carnegie classification as a “high-research” institution. Baylor’s 
mission is to educate men and women for worldwide leadership and service by integrating academic excellence 
and Christian commitment within a caring community. Baylor is actively recruiting new faculty with a strong 
commitment to the classroom and an equally strong commitment to discovering new knowledge as Baylor aspires 
to become a top tier research university while reaffirming and deepening its distinctive Christian mission as described 
in Pro Futuris (http:// www .baylor .edu/ profuturis/).

Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an AA/EEO employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, & persons with disabilities to apply.



Baylor U

English, 
1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798

Full-time Lecturer Position in British or American Literature 17512

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15459

Lecturer in either British or American literature to begin Fall 2013. The Department of English 
seeks a dynamic 
and creative scholar-teacher to teach undergraduate courses in either British or American literature and freshman 
writing courses. The candidate should have the Ph.D. in hand at the start of the appointment. This position offers 
both a competitive salary and generous benefits.

Applications will be reviewed beginning 1 October 2012 and will be accepted until the position is filled. To ensure 
full consideration for MLA interviews, applications should be completed by 1 November 2012. A letter of application, 
a c.v., transcripts, and three letters of recommendation should be sent to Dr. Dianna Vitanza; Chair, Department 
of English; 
One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404.

Baylor, the world’s largest Baptist university, holds a Carnegie classification as a “high-research” institution. Baylor’s 
mission is to educate men and women for worldwide leadership and service by integrating academic excellence 
and Christian commitment within a caring community. Baylor is actively recruiting new faculty with a strong 
commitment to the classroom and an equally strong commitment to discovering new knowledge as Baylor aspires 
to become a top tier research university while reaffirming and deepening its distinctive Christian mission as described 
in Pro Futuris (http:// www .baylor .edu/ profuturis/).

Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an AA/EEO employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, & persons with disabilities to apply.

Baylor U

English, 
1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 17511

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15458

Creative Writing, tenure-track assistant professor to begin Fall 2013. The Department of English 
seeks a dynamic 
creative writer to teach both undergraduate and graduate courses. Primary expertise should be in fiction writing, 
the novel and/or short story. The candidate should be a published creative writer as well as a gifted teacher, with 
the terminal degree in hand at the start of the appointment. This position offers both a competitive salary and generous 
benefits.

Applications will be reviewed beginning 1 October 2012 and will be accepted until the position is filled. To ensure 
full consideration for MLA interviews, applications should be completed by 1 November 2012. A letter of application, 
a c.v., transcripts, and three letters of recommendation should be sent to Dr. Dianna Vitanza; Chair, Department 
of English; 
One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. After an initial review of 
applications, a portfolio of writing samples will be requested of applicants being considered for MLA interviews.

Baylor, the world’s largest Baptist university, holds a Carnegie classification as a “high-research” institution. Baylor’s 
mission is to educate men and women for worldwide leadership and service by integrating academic excellence 
and Christian commitment within a caring community. Baylor is actively recruiting new faculty with a strong 
commitment to the classroom and an equally strong commitment to discovering new knowledge as Baylor aspires 
to become a top tier research university while reaffirming and deepening its distinctive Christian mission as described 
in Pro Futuris (http:// www .baylor .edu/ profuturis/).

Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an AA/EEO employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, & persons with disabilities to apply.



Baylor U

Great Texts Program, One Bear Place #97144 Waco TX 76798

http://www.baylor.edu

Assistant Professor (Humanities/ Classics/ Great Texts in the Classical Tradition) 17641

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15764

Humanities/ Classics/ Great Texts in the Classical Tradition: Baylor University Great Texts Program seeks applicants 
for a tenure-track faculty position at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin Fall 2013. The Program is especially 
interested in applicants with expertise in Classics or the Classical Tradition, including comparative studies that engage 
literature, philosophy, or theology. Ph.D. required. Teaching load: 2/2. Enthusiasm for undergraduate education 
is essential. Salary is competitive and experience related. For full consideration, all materials must be received 
by November 1, 2012. In addition to c.v., transcripts, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation, the 
letter of application should include a statement of teaching philosophy and a response to Baylor’s Mission Statement. 
A successful candidate will be able to identify strongly with Baylor’s Christian identity and mission. The Mission 
Statement can be found at www .baylor .edu/ about/ mission .html. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the 
Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action-Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Baylor encourages 
minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply. Address application to Dr. Douglas Henry, 
Chair, GTX Search Committee, and submit all materials electronically to: GTX_CT@ baylor .edu. [R]

Sam Houston SU

English, 
PO Box 2146, 1901 University Av Huntsville TX 77341

http://www.shsu.edu/~eng_www/

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 
in Transatlantic Studies and Early American Literature 17507

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15455

The Department of English 
at Sam Houston State University invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Transatlantic Studies and Early American Literature to 1800 at the rank of assistant or associate professor. Applicants 
at the rank of assistant professor will demonstrate strong scholarly promise and a clear research agenda; those 
at the rank of associate professor will show an established scholarly record. Commitment to teaching at both the 
undergraduate and graduate level is essential. The appointment will be made at a salary commensurate with the 
individual’s record and includes a 3–3 teaching load with expectations in scholarship, advising, and both departmental 
and university service. SHSU is located an hour north of Houston on I-45. For consideration, please send a 
cover letter, c.v., names of three references, and one sample of publications to Dr. Helena Halmari, Chair, Department 
of English, 
Sam Houston State University, 1901 University Avenue (Box 2146), Huntsville, TX 77341-2146. 
Applicants being considered will be asked to provide additional information and materials. All initial materials to 
be submitted must be postmarked by October 15, 2012. Electronic applications are not accepted. For questions, 
contact Dr. Julie Hall, Chair, Transatlantic Studies Search Committee, eng_ jeh@ shsu .edu; 936-294-1417. Interviews 
will be held at the MLA convention in Boston. Sam Houston State University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action Plan Employer 
and Smoke/ Drug-Free Workplace. [R]

Texas SU, San Marcos

English, 
601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666

http://www.english.txstate.edu/

Assistant Professor English, 
Film and Media Studies 17209

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14639

Tenure-track assistant professor, specialty in Film and Media Studies. Successful candidate will develop and teach 
undergraduate and graduate courses in a growing program in film and media studies. Duties include participation 
in graduate and undergraduate studies in film and media. Candidate expected to pursue a research agenda leading 
to peer-reviewed publication. Teaching load is 2/2 first year, 3/3 thereafter.



Required: PhD in English, 
film and media studies, or related field with degree completed at time of appointment, 
potential for or demonstrated record of scholarly research, demonstrated teaching ability, and expertise sufficient 
to teach graduate courses in area(s) of specialization. Preferred: scholarly expertise in one or more of the following 
areas: film history, film/ literary theory, film criticism, media studies; experience in one or more of the following: 
literary study (field open), cultural studies, drama, new media, screenwriting, video production; and ability to teach 
varied curriculum in English, 
including core courses such as literature surveys and first-year composition.

Send to englishapplicants@ 
txstate .edu a single pdf attachment that includes the following only, in this order: letter 
of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy (maximum 500 words), and names of three references. 
Please title the pdf FILM-YOUR LAST NAME and specify in the first sentence of your application letter that you 
are applying for the position in Film and Media Studies. To ensure full consideration, the single pdf must arrive by 
November 2, 2012. Selected applicants will be contacted for web-based interviews.

Texas State University-San Marcos is a tobacco-free campus and an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

Texas SU, San Marcos

English, 
601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666

http://www.english.txstate.edu/

Assistant Professor English, 
Rhetoric and Composition 17208

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14638

Tenure-track assistant professor, specialty in Rhetoric and Composition. Successful candidate will develop and 
teach undergraduate and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition. Duties include participation in growing 
MA program in rhetoric and new undergraduate emphasis in writing and rhetoric. Candidate, entry-level or above, 
expected to pursue a research agenda leading to peer-reviewed publication. Teaching load is 2/2 first year, 3/3 
thereafter. Appointment begins Fall 2013.

Required qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric and Composition or related field, with degree completed at time of appointment, 
potential for or demonstrated record of scholarly research, demonstrated ability to teach undergraduate 
rhetoric and writing courses, and expertise sufficient to teach graduate courses in area(s) of specialization.

Preferred qualifications: scholarly expertise in one or more of the following areas: contemporary rhetorical theory, 
ethnic rhetorics, alternative rhetorics, civic rhetorics, and rhetorical analysis; ability to teach outside the immediate 
area of specialization in such areas as language and technical communication.

Send to englishapplicants@ 
txstate .edu a single pdf attachment that includes the following only, in this order: letter 
of application, current CV, statement of teaching philosophy (maximum 500 words), and names of three references. 
Please title the pdf RHET-YOUR LAST NAME and specify in the first sentence of your application letter that you 
are applying for the position in Rhetoric and Composition. To ensure full consideration, the single pdf must arrive 
by November 2, 2012. Selected applicants will be contacted for web-based interviews.

Texas State University-San Marcos is a tobacco-free campus and an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

Texas Woman's U

English, 
Speech, & For Langs, PO Box 425829 Denton TX 76204

http://www.twu.edu/

Assistant Professor of Linguistics and British Literature 17629

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15711

Assistant Professor of English 
specializing in linguistics and in an area of British Literature prior to 1800 to support 
BA and MA programs in English 
and the PhD program in rhetoric. PhD in English 
or closely related area required. 
The successful applicant will demonstrate successful teaching, clear evidence of scholarly publication, and a commitment 
to service, including directing graduate student research. Background or interest in rhetoric also desirable, 
as is an interest in online instruction. Please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, copy of graduate transcripts, 
three letters of reference, sample course evaluations, sample syllabus, and a writing sample (not more than 25 pages) 



via email to Facultyjobs@ twu .edu. All materials must _include the position code_ 13AS-ESFL01 and the candidate’s 
name in the subject line. TWU is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R]

U of Houston, Downtown

English, 
1 Main St Houston TX 77002

http://www.uhd.edu

Assistant professor of creative writing/ fiction 17575

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15536

The University of Houston-Downtown invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor of Creative Writing/ Fiction. Fiction publications and a terminal degree are required. Applicants with a 
secondary expertise in critical race studies/ theory and/or an additional creative writing genre are highly desirable. 
The teaching load is 3/4 and begins August 2013. Candidates must have an ability and willingness to teach upper-
and lower-level creative writing courses as well as composition and sophomore literature surveys as part of a regular 
course rotation. Publications and service are required for tenure. A willingness to participate in external grant 
opportunities is important. The University of Houston-Downtown is a vibrant urban university serving a diverse 
student population. Offer of employment contingent upon verification of individual's eligibility for employment in 
the United States. UHD is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer.


Applicants should submit an initial letter of application and CV online at the link above by November 12, 2012 for 
interviews at the Boston MLA in January. Candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send 
additional materials. [R]

U of Houston, Downtown

English, 
1 Main St Houston TX 77002

http://www.uhd.edu

Assistant professor of digital media/ digital humanities 17569

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15538

The University of Houston-Downtown invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor 
in Digital Media/ Digital Humanities. The teaching load is 3/4 and begins August 2013. A PhD is required 
by initial appointment. Candidates should have expertise in one or more of the following areas: digital media, digital 
humanities, digital design, new media, game design and/or digital video production. Applicants with a secondary 
expertise in critical race studies/ theory are highly desirable. Candidates must have an ability and willingness 
to teach digital media/ digital humanities courses in addition to a regular course rotation that includes business and 
technical report writing, and courses for the BS in Professional Writing and MS in Professional Writing and Technical 
Communication. Publications in candidate's field of digital expertise and service are required for tenure. A 
willingness to participate in external grant opportunities is important. The University of Houston-Downtown is a 
vibrant urban university serving a diverse student population. Offer of employment is contingent upon verification 
of individual's eligibility for employment in the United States. UHD is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer.


Applicants should submit an initial letter of application and CV online at the link above by November 12, 2012 for 
interviews at the Boston MLA in January. Candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send 
additional materials. [R]

U of Texas, Austin

English, 
Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712

http://www.utexas.edu/jobs

Assistant Professor 17309

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15049



The English 
Department at the University of Texas at Austin invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position 
in literature in English 
since 1963 with a specialization in any national tradition or any genre, including new 
media; at the rank of Assistant Professor starting in Fall 2013.

Applicants should have a PhD in English 
or related field in hand by August 2013, documented evidence of teaching 
excellence, and a clearly defined research agenda. The selected candidate will be expected to exhibit a commitment 
to service to the department, college, and university; to teach undergraduate and graduate courses; to direct graduate 
research; to direct dissertations, MA reports and honor theses; and to publish actively. The salary will be commensurate 
with qualifications and experience.

To apply, please send a cover letter and CV and three letters of recommendation through Interfolio. Review of 
applications will begin on October 15, 2012, and applications received after this date may not receive full consideration. 
A background check will be conducted on successful candidate and the University of Texas at Austin is an 
AA/EEO employer. 
Position funding is pending budgetary approval.

U of Texas, Austin

English, 
Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712

http://www.utexas.edu/

Associate Professor 17191

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14690

The New Writers Project, the MFA program of the Department of English 
at The University of Texas at Austin, 
seeks applications for a distinguished faculty position as Associate Professor with tenure in Creative Writing-Poetry 
to begin Fall 2013.

Applicants should have substantial, high quality publications, a national reputation, and an excellent teaching record 
with a minimum of 2–3 books of poetry. The selected candidate will be expected to teach at all levels of our 
curriculum, to direct MA and MFA reports and honors theses, to publish actively, and to offer service to the Department, 
the College, and the University.

To apply, please send a cover letter and CV and three letters of recommendation through Interfolio. Review of 
applications will begin on October 1, 2012, and applications received after this date may not receive full consideration. 
A background check will be conducted on successful candidate and the University of Texas at Austin is an 
AA/EEO employer. 
Position funding is pending budgetary approval.

U of Texas, San Antonio

English, 
One UTSA Cir 00743-UT San Antonio Dept of English 
MB 2.314 San Antonio TX 78249

http://colfa.utsa.edu/english/

Professor of English, 
Latina/o Literary and Cultural Studies 17407

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15301

The UTSA Department of English 
seeks applicants for a full-time, open rank position in Latina/o Literary and 
Cultural Studies, beginning August 2013. Required qualifications: Expertise in Latina/o Literary and Cultural 
Studies and Ph.D. in relevant area by August 31, 2013. Tenure is contingent upon Board of Regents approval.

The applicant is expected to be an active and accomplished research scholar, and to contribute energetically and 
consistently to teaching, mentoring, and service in multiple degree programs, especially a Ph.D. program with a 
required Latina/o literary and cultural studies component, offering opportunities for advanced study and research 
in cross-cultural and transnational approaches to language and literary studies.

To be considered at the level of Assistant Professor, a successful applicant must be able to demonstrate clear potential 
as a research scholar.

To be considered at the level of Associate Professor, a candidate must possess a well-established research profile.

To be considered at the level of Full Professor, a candidate should be a prominent scholar in the field of Latina/o 
Studies. The teaching load and salary are commensurate with qualifications.



Application materials must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, at least one writing sample, a teaching portfolio 
with sample syllabi and teaching philosophy statement, and three letters of recommendation. Send materials to 
Latina/o Literary and Cultural Studies Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Texas at San Antonio, 
One UTSA Circle, San Antonio, TX 78249-0643. All materials, including letters of recommendation, must 
be postmarked by November 15, 2012.

Applicants who are selected for interviews must be able to show proof that they are eligible and qualified to work in 
the United States by time of hire. UTSA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities, 
veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R]

U of Texas, San Antonio

English, 
One UTSA Cir 00743-UT San Antonio Dept of English 
MB 2.314 San Antonio TX 78249

http://colfa.utsa.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of English, 
British Medieval Literature 17406

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15300

The UTSA Department of English 
seeks applicants for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning 
August 2013. Required qualifications: Expertise in British Medieval Literature. PhD in English 
Literature or 
related discipline by August 2013. Preferred qualifications: 1) Background in Medieval Literature in English, 
especially 
Chaucer; 2) Ability to contribute to multiple degree programs, including a PhD program which offers students 
opportunities for advanced study and research in cross-cultural, transnational approaches to English 
language 
and literary studies. Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.

Application materials must include a cover letter, c.v., a 20–30 page writing sample, a teaching portfolio, and three 
letters of recommendation. Send materials to the Medieval Search Committee, Department of English, 
University 
of Texas at San Antonio, One UTSA Circle, San Antonio, TX 78249-0643. All materials, including letters of recommendation, 
must be postmarked by November 5, 2012. Electronic applications will not be accepted.

UTSA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. Applicants who will be selected for interviews must be able to show proof that 
they are eligible and qualified to work in the United States by time of hire. [R]

U of Texas, San Antonio

English, 
One UTSA Cir 00743-UT San Antonio Dept of English 
MB 2.314 San Antonio TX 78249

http://colfa.utsa.edu/english/

Assistant Professor of English, 
British 18th Century & Romantic 17404

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15298

The UTSA Department of English 
seeks applicants for a full-time tenure-track Assistant Professor position beginning 
August 2013. Required qualifications: Expertise in the literature of the British 18th Century and Romantic 
periods. PhD in English 
Literature by August 2013. Preferred qualifications: 1) Background in both the Literature 
of the British 18th Century and Romantic period; 2) Ability to contribute to multiple degree programs, including 
a PhD program which offers students opportunities for advanced study and research in cross-cultural, transnational 
approaches to English 
language and literary studies. Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.

Application materials must include a cover letter, c.v., a 20–30 page writing sample, a teaching portfolio, and three 
letters of recommendation. Send materials to the Eighteenth Century /Romantic Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
University of Texas at San Antonio, One UTSA Circle, San Antonio, TX 78249-0643. All materials, 
including letters of recommendation, must be postmarked by November 5, 2012. Electronic applications will not 
be accepted.

UTSA is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. Applicants who will be selected for interviews must be able to show proof that 
they are eligible and qualified to work in the United States by time of hire. [R]



UTAH

Brigham Young U

English, 
4198A JFSB Provo UT 84602

http://byu.edu

Faculty-English 
17615

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15676

The Department of English 
at Brigham Young University invites applications for continuing status track positions—
all areas considered—for appointments beginning Fall 2013. Successful candidates will show evidence of 
excellence in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. Salary, benefits, and teaching load competitive. 
PhD completion expected by starting date. Applications are completed online at http:// yjobs .byu .edu (select 
full-time faculty, then follow the link to Faculty-English). 
Initial applications include the on-line application, cover 
letter, and vita. These must be submitted by November 1. Application materials may be attached to the online application 
or sent to: Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, 
4198 JFSB, Brigham Young University, 
Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity employer, 
does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, or against qualified individuals with disabilities. All faculty 
are required to abide by the university’s honor code and dress and grooming standards. Preference is given to 
qualified members in good standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. [R]

VERMONT

Middlebury C

Spanish & Portuguese, Warner 014 Middlebury VT 05753

http://apptrkr.com/274333

Assistant Professor of Writing and Linguistics 17582

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14946

The Writing Program seeks an Assistant Professor of Writing and Linguistics for a tenure-track position, beginning 
September 2013, in writing across the curriculum, ESL, and applied linguistics. The successful candidate will 
teach courses, in rotation, within the Writing, Linguistics, and First-Year Seminar Programs; design and implement 
faculty development events around ESL teaching and learning issues; and tutor and train tutors in support of L2 
and L1.5 students. Candidates should provide evidence of commitment to excellent teaching and scholarly potential. 
Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty 
teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we 
work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly 
diverse student body. Applications for this position will be accepted starting on September 1, 2012, and all application 
materials must be received by December 1, 2012. Middlebury College uses Interfolio to collect all faculty 
job applications electronically. Email and paper applications will not be accepted. Through Interfolio, submit letter 
of application addressed to search committee chair Kathleen Skubikowski, curriculum vitae, graduate transcript, 
and three current letters of recommendation (at least two of which speak to teaching ability/ promise).* More information 
at http:// apptrkr .com/274333

U of Vermont

English, 
400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405

http://www.uvm.edu

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 17316

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15019

The University of Vermont’s Department of English 
seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Composition 
and Rhetoric with expertise in Digital Rhetoric and interest in first-year composition pedagogy and graduate 
teacher education, beginning August, 2013. The successful candidate will teach introductory through upper-level 



undergraduate 
courses in her/ his areas of expertise with opportunities to develop and teach courses for the department's 
MA program. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Minimum requirements: 
PhD in English 
or related field with a concentration in composition and rhetoric; undergraduate teaching experience, 
(experience teaching in digital environments preferred).

The successful candidate will be expected to undertake an active program of research that leads to publication and 
presentation in peer-reviewed scholarly outlets and, where available, to seek extramural funding for that research. 
Faculty members are expected to teach, advise, and mentor undergraduate and graduate students when appropriate. 
The University is especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the 
academic community through their research, teaching, and service. Applicants are requested to include in their 
cover letter information about how they will further this goal. The University of Vermont is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity employer. 
The Department is committed to increasing faculty diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and underrepresented ethnic, racial and cultural groups and from people with disabilities. 
Review of materials will begin October 25. Apply online at: www .uvmjobs .com. Search for position using department 
name (English) 
only. Attach to your application a cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and contact information of three references.

For further information, contact the search committee chair, Professor Susanmarie Harrington at (802) 656-0878 
or Susan .Harrington@ uvm .edu. [R]

VIRGINIA

George Mason U

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030

http://jobs.gmu.edu/

Director, Writing Across the Curriculum (WAC) 17649

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15851

George Mason University invites applications for a Director of our nationally recognized Writing Across the Curriculum 
(WAC) program.

Mason’s WAC program comprises an upper-division writing-intensive (WI) course or courses in the major, related 
writing-infused courses and programs, and additional curricular initiatives. The WAC director supervises a full-
time assistant director, collaborates with the composition and writing center directors, and will work closely with 
Mason’s new PhD program in Writing and Rhetoric.

We are seeking a dynamic individual who can provide leadership and vision for the program. Candidates should 
have a strong commitment to educational excellence; knowledge and experience implementing and assessing writing 
across the curriculum; and demonstrated administrative experience, particularly in communicating effectively 
with faculty and administrators from various disciplinary backgrounds.

Candidates possessing the rank of associate professor or higher are strongly preferred, although highly qualified 
assistant professors will be considered. As a member of the English 
department faculty, the director joins an accomplished 
group of specialists in rhetoric and composition. It is expected that candidates will have a strong record in 
both effective teaching and scholarship, with a particular commitment to WAC scholarship. Although a fully participating 
member of the English 
department, the WAC director reports to the Associate Provost for Undergraduate 
Education.

Review of applications will begin October 1, 2012, and will continue until the position is filled. To submit an application, 
go to http:// jobs .gmu .edu and apply for position number F9558z. Applications should include a cover letter, 
CV, statement of teaching and administrative philosophy, and writing sample of 20–30 pages.

About our WAC program (wac .gmu .edu):

Since its inception in 1990, Mason’s WAC program has been a leader in the field and continues to be ranked among 
the top programs in the country. We are proud to trace our program roots to the highly regarded and nationally 
known Northern Virginia Writing Project, which has been providing K-12 WAC faculty development since 1977. 



Our strong WID-focused writing center and a required upper-division advanced composition course focused on 
writing in and across the disciplines are also integral to WAC program success. Our university-wide, discipline-
embedded, writing assessment process has been recognized as a model program by WPA and NCTE. The program 
has served as a model for, and continues to be integrated with, our Students as Scholars undergraduate research 
initiative.

About our English 
Department (english 
.gmu .edu):

With approximately 75 full-time faculty, our department is home to nationally recognized graduate and undergraduate 
programs, offering a PhD in Linguistics; an MFA in creative writing; an MA with concentrations in 
professional writing and rhetoric, the teaching of writing and literature, folklore, literature, and linguistics; and undergraduate 
minors or concentrations in all of these areas as well as film and media studies, cultural studies, Native-
American and Indigenous studies, and African-American studies. A proposed PhD in Writing and Rhetoric is has 
been approved at the university level and is under final review by the state board of education with a start date of 
fall 2013. [R]

George Mason U

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030

http://english.gmu.edu

Assistant Professor, Professional and Technical Writing 17621

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15679

George Mason University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in Professional/ Technical Writing, to begin Fall 
2013. Applicants should have a strong background in professional writing methods, workplace study, and rhetorical 
theory. Research and teaching interests may focus on one or more of the following: discourse analysis, ethnography, 
government communication, visual communication, and usability studies. Required: Ph.D. in professional 
writing, rhetoric, or related field.

The 2/2 course load includes undergraduate teaching opportunities in composition, advanced composition, upper-
division technical writing, and graduate courses in rhetoric and technical communication.

The Department of English 
offers an undergraduate minor and concentration in rhetoric and writing along with an 
MA concentration in Professional Writing & Rhetoric. A PhD program in Rhetoric and Writing is slated to begin 
in Fall 2013. For more information about the department, visit http:// english 
.gmu .edu; for details on programs in 
writing and rhetoric, see http:// pwr .gmu .edu.

Submit application, letter, c.v., and writing sample to http:// jobs .gmu .edu (position F5022Z.) Send three letters of 
recommendation to Douglas Eyman, George Mason English 
Department, MSN 3E4, Fairfax VA 22030-4444. Review 
of applications begins October 16. Initial interviews will be held at MLA and via Skype.

George Mason U

English, 
MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030

http://english.gmu.edu

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric /Composition 17622

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15680

George Mason University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in Rhetoric/ Composition, to begin Fall 2013. 
Applicants should have research and teaching interests in rhetorical theory, composition theory, and the history of 
rhetoric; secondary areas in visual/ digital rhetorics, professional writing, or feminist rhetorics preferred. Required: 
Ph.D. in rhetoric, composition, or related field.

The 2/2 course load includes undergraduate teaching opportunities in composition, advanced composition, upper-
division nonfiction writing, and graduate courses in rhetoric and composition theory.

The Department of English 
offers an undergraduate minor and concentration in rhetoric and writing along with 
MA concentrations in the Teaching of Writing and Literature and Professional Writing & Rhetoric. A PhD 



program 
in Rhetoric and Writing is slated to begin in Fall 2013. For more information about the department, visit 
http:// english 
.gmu .edu.

Submit application, letter, c.v., and writing sample to http:// jobs .gmu .edu (position F6846Z.) Send three letters of 
recommendation to Douglas Eyman, George Mason English 
Department, MSN 3E4, Fairfax VA 22030-4444. Review 
of applications begins October 16. Initial interviews will be held at MLA and via Skype.

Longwood U

English 
& Mod Lang, 201 High St, Grainger Hall Farmville VA 23909

http://www.longwood.edu/

Assistant Professor of English 
17663

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15874

Longwood University’s Department of English 
and Modern Languages invites applications for tenure-track position 
in Rhetoric and Professional Writing to begin August 2013. Teaching opportunities of four courses per semester 
include lower-and upper-level rhetoric and professional/ technical writing courses, two sections of composition 
in the general education program, and supervision of M.A. projects in composition/ rhetoric/ digital humanities. 
The successful candidate will possess a Ph.D., and candidates should also have an ability to use technology effectively 
in teaching and learning, the ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment 
to undergraduate teaching.

For more information and to apply please visit http:// www .longwood .edu/hr/24788.htm.

Longwood U

English 
& Mod Lang, 201 High St, Grainger Hall Farmville VA 23909

http://www.longwood.edu/

Assistant Professor of English 
17661

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15865

Longwood University’s Department of English 
and Modern Languages invites applications for tenure-track position 
in British Romanticism to begin August 2013. A secondary interest in poetry and poetics is desirable. The successful 
candidate will possess a Ph.D. and scholarly potential. The position requires a demonstrated commitment to 
undergraduate teaching, and also provides opportunities for graduate teaching in our M.A. program. Teaching load 
of four courses per semester will include two sections of general education literature or composition.

For more information and to apply please visit http:// www .longwood .edu/hr/24788.htm.

Regent U

Lang & Lit, 1000 Regent University Dr Virginia Beach VA 23464

http://www.regent.edu/jobs

Associate Professor of English 
17338

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15095

College of Arts & Sciences

Regent University’s College of Arts & Sciences seeks candidates for a full-time, assistant professor of English 
at the 
main campus in Virginia Beach, VA. Successful candidates must have a background in Composition and Rhetoric. 
Additional specialization in professional writing is preferred. Qualified applicants must have an earned doctorate in 
English.


Expectations include a dedication to Christ-centered teaching and learning, a record of or potential for scholarship, 
the ability to teach undergraduate level classes, and experience with online instructional technology. Skill in curriculum 
design is also desirable. Courses in the English 
major are capped at 25 students.

Appointment will begin August 2013. Applications accepted until December 19, 2012.



Qualified prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, gender, 
age, national origin, or disability.

Applicants must subscribe to a statement of Christian faith. Candidates should visit http:// www .regent .edu/ admin/
hr/job_ opportunities .cfm complete the online application. Please forward a cover letter and curriculum vitae to 
Donna Curtis at dcurtis@ regent .edu. Upon receipt of these application materials, you may be asked to submit transcripts 
and letters of recommendation.

U of Mary Washington

English, 
Linguistics, & Communication, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 22401

http://cas.umw.edu/elc/

Assistant professor of postcolonial studies 17543

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15496

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
specializing in twentieth-and twenty-first-century 
postcolonial studies. 
Ph.D. by August 16, 2013 start date required. Teaching responsibilities include courses in specialty and in general 
education. Opportunities exist for curricular development in areas of expertise. 4/4 course load or equivalent. 
MLA interviews.

To apply for this position and/or obtain additional information about the University, visit https:// careers .umw .edu. 
Only applications submitted through this site will be considered. Applicants should submit a University of Mary 
Washington faculty employment application, letter of application, CV, unofficial graduate transcripts, and list of 
graduate courses and arrange for three letters of reference to be submitted. Applications will be accepted until 
11:59 p.m., October 22, 2012.

In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment opportunities, 
the University of Mary Washington actively encourages women, minorities, disabled individuals and 
veterans to apply. [R]

U of Mary Washington

English, 
Linguistics, & Communication, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 22401

http://cas.umw.edu/elc/

Assistant professor of fiction writing 17542

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15495

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
specializing in fiction writing. Substantial publications, demonstrated 
excellence in teaching, and MFA or equivalent by August 16, 2013 start date required. Expected familiarity with 
range of twentieth-and twenty-first-century 
fiction, genre history. Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate 
fiction workshops, capstone senior seminar, individual studies, general education courses, as well as developing 
courses in specialty area. 4/4 course load or equivalent. MLA interviews.

To apply for this position and/or obtain additional information about the University, visit https:// careers .umw .edu. 
Only applications submitted through this site will be considered. Applicants should submit a University of Mary 
Washington faculty employment application, letter of application, CV, unofficial graduate transcripts, and fifteen-
page writing sample and arrange for three letters of reference to be submitted. Applications will be accepted until 
11:59 p.m., October 22, 2012.

In a continuing effort to enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment opportunities, 
the University of Mary Washington actively encourages women, minorities, disabled individuals and 
veterans to apply. [R]



Virginia Commonwealth U

World Studies Sch, PO Box 842021 Richmond VA 23284

Director, Center for Advanced Research/ Humanities 17635

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15763

Director, Center for Advanced Research in the Humanities Virginia Commonwealth University invites applications 
and nominations for the Director of its newly created Center for Advanced Research in the Humanities. The 
Director, who would report directly to the Dean of the College of Humanities and Sciences, should be a humanities 
scholar with a strong and active research record commensurate with the rank of full professor. Demonstrated ability 
to secure external funds, to work collaboratively with diverse constituencies, to work strategically with a faculty 
executive committee, and to articulate the importance of the humanities to internal and external audiences are required. 
A well-developed scholarly/ research portfolio with evidence of multi-disciplinary applications and external 
funding appropriate to complement and expand existing expertise at VCU is required. The successful candidate will 
have experience in areas such as budgeting and allocation of resources into academic initiatives, personnel management, 
and strategic planning. The ability to create, articulate and implement a collaborative vision and future direction 
for the Center is essential. Demonstrated experience working in and fostering a diverse faculty, staff and student 
environment and commitment to do so as a faculty member at VCU required. Please submit letter of application, 
full cv, and three letters of recommendation. All material should be submitted electronically in PDF format to J. 
Michelle Wilde, jmwilde@ vcu .edu. Review of applications will begin in mid-September and will continue until 
position is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at MLA and AHA in January. VCU is an Affirmative 
Action/ Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women, minorities and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply .

Virginia Military Inst

English 
& Fine Arts, 227 Scott Shipp Hall Lexington VA 24450

http://www.vmi.edu

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17199

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14674

Tenure-track assistant professor specializing in Rhetoric and Composition, beginning August 2013, to teach two 
courses per semester, including freshman and upper-level courses in an English 
major with a central focus on 
rhetoric. The successful candidate will also be prepared to coordinate services in the Writing Center. Ph.D. by 
August 2013. Candidates must both fill out an on-line application at http:// www .vmi .edu/ jobs and submit required 
supporting materials (a letter of application, résumé, official transcript, and three letters of recommendation) 
either by e-mail to RC-WCSearch@ vmi .edu or by mail to Dr. Emily Miller, Head, Department of English 
and 
Fine Arts, Virginia Military Institute, Lexington, VA 24450. Review of applications will begin December 3 and 
continue until the position has been filled. Interviews via Skype and/or at MLA. In a continuing effort to enrich 
its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment opportunities, VMI encourages women, 
minorities, disabled individuals and veterans to apply. Virginia Military Institute is a state-supported undergraduate 
military college of engineering, the sciences, humanities, and the social sciences with a strong emphasis on teaching 
excellence. Military experience is not required for faculty. [R]

Virginia Military Inst

English 
& Fine Arts, 227 Scott Shipp Hall Lexington VA 24450

http://www.vmi.edu

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 17198

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14636

Tenure-track assistant professor specializing in Rhetoric and Composition, beginning August 2013, to teach three 
courses per semester, including freshman and upper-level courses in an English 
major with a central focus on rhetoric. 
Ph.D. by August 2013. Candidates must both fill out an on-line application at http:// www .vmi .edu/ jobs and 
submit required supporting materials (a letter of application, résumé, official transcript, and three letters of recommendation) 
either by e-mail to RCSearch@ vmi .edu or by mail to Dr. Emily Miller, Head, Department of English 




and Fine Arts, Virginia Military Institute, Lexington, VA 24450. Review of applications will begin December 3 
and continue until the position has been filled. Interviews via Skype and/or at MLA. In a continuing effort to 
enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment opportunities, VMI encourages 
women, minorities, disabled individuals and veterans to apply. Virginia Military Institute is a state-supported undergraduate 
military college of engineering, the sciences, humanities, and the social sciences with a strong emphasis 
on teaching excellence. Military experience is not required for faculty. [R]

Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU

English, 
323 Shanks Hall 0112 Blacksburg VA 24061

http://www.english.vt.edu

Assistant Professor of Professional Writing: Visual Rhetoric and Design 17376

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15244

The Department of English 
at Virginia Tech invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in 
Visual Rhetoric and Design to begin August 2013.

Required: Ph.D. (in hand at the time of appointment) in Rhetoric and Writing or related field with preparation in 
professional writing, visual rhetoric, and design; the promise of significant research and publication; and evidence 
of successful teaching.

Preferred: Publication, conference presentations; teaching/ working with diverse populations; expertise in intercultural 
communication, digital media. Responsibilities include on-going publication commensurate with a research 
faculty position; teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in professional writing and rhetoric; serving on departmental, 
college, and university committees; and advising students. Teaching load 2/2. For more information, 
see www .english.
vt.edu/ RW-job-search.

Applications: Candidates must apply on-line at www .jobs.vt.edu, posting no. 0122280. Attach to the on-line application 
a letter of interest that addresses the responsibilities and qualifications stated above, CV, a list of contact 
information for three professional references, a writing sample (upload using 'Other Doc'), a dissertation abstract 
(upload using 'Other Doc 3'), and a teaching philosophy statement that includes teaching professional writing. Address 
queries to Carolyn Rude, Search Committee Chair, Carolyn .Rude@ vt .edu 540.231.2374. Applications will 
be acknowledged by e-mail. Review of applications will begin 15 October and continue until the position is filled. 
Video interviews with semifinalists in December will be followed by campus visits for finalists in early 2013.

Virginia Tech has a strong commitment to diversity and seeks a broad spectrum of candidates, including women 
and minorities, people with disabilities, and veterans. Individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation in 
the application process should contact Patty Morse: pattym1@ vt .edu, 540.231.8466.

The Department of English 
offers a B.A. and M.A. in English, 
an M.F.A. in Creative Writing, and a Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Writing. Undergraduate specializations include Literature, Language, and Culture; Creative Writing; and 
Professional Writing. Virginia Tech is a research-extensive university that enrolls more than 30,000 students. [R]

Washington & Lee U

English, 
Payne Hall Lexington VA 24450

http://www.wlu.edu/x12367.xml

Assistant Professor of English 
17244

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14729

Tenure-track position beginning fall 2013. Assistant Professor with expertise in Middle English 
literature, responsible 
for upper-level courses in medieval studies (including Chaucer), lower-level literature courses, and an annual 
section of first-year composition. Opportunities for interdisciplinary teaching and collaboration through the Medieval 
and Renaissance Studies program and other interdisciplinary programs.

Washington and Lee University, a highly selective national liberal arts college, is located in the Shenandoah Valley. 
Applicants should submit an initial letter of application and CV online at the link above by October 31, 2012. 
Candidates selected for the next stage of review will be contacted to send additional materials. Finalists will be 



interviewed at MLA in Boston. Washington and Lee, an EEO Employer, 
encourages women and minorities to 
apply. [R]

WASHINGTON

Gonzaga U

English, 
502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258

http://www.gonzaga.edu/employment

Native American Studies Director 17348

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15098

TENURE TRACK POSITION OPENING

The College of Arts and Sciences at Gonzaga University invites applications for a Native American Studies Director 
position beginning fall semester 2013. This is a tenure-track assistant or associate professor appointment for the 
new Native American Studies Program. The teaching load is 9 credits per year (a 2–1 teaching load), with significant 
additional responsibilities for developing the program. Salary and benefits are competitive. Required qualifications: 
Ph.D. in a scholarly area represented by the College of Arts and Sciences; evidence of research/ scholarly 
activities in Native American Studies. Please consult the university website at http:// www .gonzaga .edu/ About/ 
Mission/ Mission-Statement/ default .asp for the Mission Statement. Applicants are required to submit the following 
online: a cover letter, current CV, and three letters of recommendation, one of which must be a tribal reference and 
two of which must be academic references. To apply or view the full position description, please visit our website at 
www .gonzaga .edu/ employment. Position closes on November 2, 2012, at 4:00 PM. For assistance with your online 
application, call 509-313-5996. Email inquiries to prusch@ gonzaga .edu.

Gonzaga University is a Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic institution, and is therefore interested in candidates who will 
contribute to its distinctive mission. Gonzaga University is an AA/EEO employer 
committed to diversity.

U of Washington

English, 
Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195

http://depts.washington.edu/engl/

Assistant Professor: Composition and Rhetoric 17325

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15000

The University of Washington English 
Department invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track, Assistant Professor 
position in Composition and Rhetoric, with second language writing as a specialization or concentration. 
The appointment is to begin Fall 2013. Applicants should have the Ph.D. degree by the start of appointment. 
University of Washington faculty engage in teaching, research and service. Commitments to teaching at both the 
undergraduate and graduate levels and to sustained research and publication in composition and rhetoric are expected. 
In addition to the second language writing specialization or concentration listed above, preference will be 
given to candidates who focus on one or more of the following areas: writing of diverse populations, writing across 
the curriculum/ writing in the disciplines, English 
language studies, discourse analysis, and new media studies. As 
a public institution, the University of Washington seeks candidates committed to working with diverse student 
and community populations; applicants are encouraged to describe in their applications how their scholarship and 
teaching contributes to diverse communities. Please submit application materials including a letter of application, 
c.v., dossier, dissertation abstract, teaching portfolio, and writing sample to the MLA Interfolio ByCommittee Job 
Application Web site. Contact information: Gary Handwerk, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Washington, 
Padelford Hall A101, Box 354330, Seattle, WA, 98195. Priority will be given to applications received by 
November 16, 2012.

The University of Washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
The University is dedicated 
to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a 
multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, 
and covered veterans. [R]



U of Washington

English, 
Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195

http://depts.washington.edu/engl/

Assistant Professor: The Global Nineteenth Century 17324

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/14999

The English 
Department of the University of Washington is seeking a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor 
whose primary research and teaching expertise include 19th-Century 
British and/or British Empire Fiction. 
Preference given to candidates working in one of the following areas: comparative colonialisms, slavery, gender/ 
sexuality, popular culture, law, performance and visual studies, trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific studies, religion/ 
secularization. Applicants should have PhD degree by the start of appointment. University of Washington faculty 
engage in teaching, research and service. As a public institution, the University of Washington seeks candidates 
committed to working with diverse student and community populations; applicants are encouraged to describe in 
their applications how their scholarship and teaching contributes to diverse communities. Please submit application 
materials including a letter of application, c.v., dossier, dissertation abstract, teaching portfolio, and writing sample 
to the MLA Interfolio ByCommittee Job Application Web site. Contact information: Gary Handwerk, Chair, Department 
of English, 
University of Washington, Padelford Hall A101, Box 354330, Seattle, WA, 98195. Priority 
will be given to applications received by November 16, 2012.

The University of Washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
The University is dedicated 
to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a 
multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, 
and covered veterans. [R]

Washington SU

Lib Arts, 2710 University Dr Richland WA 99354

http://www.tricity.wsu.edu/

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH, NINETEENTH-AND/OR TWENTIETH-CENTURY AMERICAN 
LITERATURE 17660

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15863

The Department of English 
at Washington State University seeks applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English 
at its Tri-Cities campus with a research specialty in nineteenth-and/or twentieth-century 
American 
literature and the ability to teach transnational literature across both periods. The position requires a Ph.D. in English, 
Comparative Literature or other related field with an emphasis in nineteenth-or twentieth-century 
American 
literature; degree required by 1 July 2013. The position begins in August 2013. Preferred secondary areas of emphasis 
include post-colonialism, global literatures, and multiethnic literature.

The successful candidate will teach lower-and upper-division undergraduate courses in nineteenth-and twentieth-century 
literature at the Tri-Cities campus while also having the opportunity to teach specialized graduate courses 
to Pullman campus students. In each case the department maintains a strong commitment to interdisciplinary, 
transcultural curricula in literary studies. Teaching may also include undergraduate courses in world and comparative 
literature, cultural studies, humanities, and other areas of interest. Service on M.A. and Ph.D. committees, 
including the directing of dissertations, is expected. Strong candidates will show evidence of excellent scholarly 
potential; demonstrate the ability to teach successfully at the college level, work in diverse, multi-cultural communities, 
and contribute to the goals and growth of the department.

The Department of English 
combines a strong research orientation with a commitment to high-quality instruction. 
The graduate program in Pullman offers M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in English 
and American literature and Rhetoric 
and Composition. Faculty teach a standard 2/2 course load, but new faculty are eligible for reduced teaching loads 
prior to tenure review to develop their research programs. A range of research and travel funding is available for 
faculty at all levels.

The following application materials are required and should be submitted through the online system. Letter of 
application (Cover Letter), Curriculum Vitae, and a writing sample (maximum 20 pages). Three (3) letters of 



recommendation 
are required and will be automatically requested and obtained from the reference provider automatically 
through our online application system at to https:// www .wsujobs .com (Position #116039). Only electronic 
application materials will be processed.

Screening of application materials will begin October 15, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. Application 
materials should be received no later than November 16, 2012 to be considered. WSU is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action educator and employer. 
Members of ethnic minorities, women, Vietnam era or disabled 
veterans, persons with a disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply.

Western Washington U

English, 
516 High St MS 9055 Bellingham WA 98225

https://jobs.wwu.edu/JobPosting.aspx?JPID=3663

Assistant Professor of Writing Studies 17434

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15322

The Department of English 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Writing Studies position 
beginning September 2013. Ph.D. in composition/ rhetoric, technical/ professional writing and communication, English, 
or a related field is required by August 2013. Also required of applicants are a demonstrated commitment to 
excellence in undergraduate teaching and a potential for strong research and publication in relevant fields. Successful 
applicants will have the vision to connect the study and teaching of writing with theories and practices in composition, 
rhetoric, and professional and technical writing. Strong expertise in at least one of the following areas is 
required: professional and technical writing/ communication, composition/ rhetoric, basic writing, digital humanities, 
new media studies or writing program administration. Demonstrated experience in two or more of these areas 
is preferred. Familiarity with and sensitivity to cultural diversity issues is also preferred. The successful candidate 
will have the departmental standard 2–2-2 quarterly teaching assignment, including specialty courses at the undergraduate 
and MA levels, general education courses, and other courses depending on the candidate’s interests and departmental 
needs. To be considered for the position, application materials must be submitted via WWU’s Electronic 
Application System for Employment (EASE). Please log in to https:// jobs .wwu .edu/ JobPosting .aspx?JPID=3663 
to view the full position announcement and complete an application. Use Internet Explorer to fully utilize the 
online application system. Candidates should upload a letter of application, CV, and graduate transcripts. Additionally, 
three letters of recommendation are required; recommenders should email their letters to the Writing Studies 
Search Committee at English@ 
wwu .edu. Interviews at MLA. Will accept applications until position is filled, but 
for consideration for an interview at MLA, applications must be received by 11/2/12. AA/EOE. [R]

Whitman C

English, 
345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362

http://www.whitman.edu

Assistant Professor of Composition in General Studies/ Director of the Writing Center 17630

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15712

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Composition in General Studies /Director of the Writing Center. Effective August, 
2013. Ph.D. in Composition and active publication agenda required. Strong preference will be given to applicants 
with prior administrative and teaching experience. The successful candidate will offer courses in composition 
and in peer-tutoring, and other courses in the candidate’s areas of expertise as a writer. Whitman College wishes to 
reinforce its commitment to enhance diversity, broadly defined, recognizing that to provide a diverse learning environment 
is to prepare students for personal and professional success in an increasingly multicultural and global society. 
To apply, go to https:// whitmanhr .simplehire .com/, click “Faculty” and “Assistant Professor of Composition 
in General Studies/ Director of the Writing Center”. The online position description includes specific instructions 
on submission of the following materials: letter of application; curriculum vitae; three letters of reference; statements 
addressing the candidate’s teaching interests and scholarly/ performance agenda; graduate transcripts; teaching 
evaluations or other evidence of demonstrated or potential excellence in undergraduate instruction; a sample 
of scholarly writing. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA. In their application, candidates should address their 
interest in working as teachers and scholars with undergraduates in a liberal arts environment that emphasizes close 



student-faculty interaction; how their cultural, experiential, and/or academic background contributes to diversity; 
and their interest in participating in the College’s general education offerings, including its required course for all 
first-year students [Encounters], as well as engaging in cross-disciplinary teaching and scholarship. Deadline: November 
2, 2012. No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, sex, gender, religion, age, 
marital status, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis prohibited 
by applicable federal, state, or local law. Whitman College is a small, selective liberal arts college dedicated 
to providing excellent educational opportunities for students. The College provides a generous sabbatical leave program 
and professional development support for both research and teaching. For additional information about Whitman 
College and the Walla Walla area, see www .whitman .edu and www .wallawalla .org. [R]

Whitworth U

English, 
300 W Hawthorne Rd Spokane WA 99251

http://www.whitworth.edu/jobs

Assistant Professor of English/ 
Director of Writing Center 17651

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15841

Ph. D. in English 
or related field, concentration in Composition and Rhetoric, to direct university writing center, 
train consultants, and teach a six-course annual load including two sections of freshman composition plus advanced 
comp-rhet courses (200-level and above). Prefer expertise in multimodal composition and two years’ administrative 
experience. Student advising, participation in WAC committee, and faculty governance duties expected. Salary 
commensurate with experience. Send cover letter, vita (including 3 references), undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts (unofficial allowed), 3 recent sets of course evaluations, 3 recent syllabi, writing sample, letters of recommendation, 
and a personal faith essay (www .whitworth .edu/ FacultyFaithEssay) to jobs@ whitworth .edu. Priority 
given to complete dossiers received before October 8, 2012. Whitworth University does not discriminate in its 
educational programs on the basis of race, color, age, sex, national origin, or physical disability.

WEST VIRGINIA

West Virginia U

English, 
PO Box 6296 1503 University Av Morgantown WV 26506

http://www.english.wvu.edu

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF MODERN AMERICAN POETRY 17540

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15493

The Department of English 
at West Virginia University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
specializing in Modern American Poetry. Applicants must have a Ph.D. by August 2013. The successful applicant 
must demonstrate commitment to and potential for establishing and maintaining a strong record of excellence in 
research as evidenced by an active research agenda, conference papers and publications, as well as commitment 
to and potential for teaching excellence at the undergraduate and graduate levels. The teaching load for research-
active graduate faculty is two courses per semester. The ability to teach the survey of American Literature 1865 to 
present is required, as is the ability to teach effectively upper-division courses in 20th Century American literature, 
American Poetry, and Modern American Poetics. The successful applicant will have opportunities to teach a broad 
range of undergraduate courses and to develop graduate courses and seminars in her/ his field. The department values 
intellectual diversity and demonstrated ability to work with diverse students and colleagues. The Department 
of English 
has a faculty of 43 in literature, creative writing, socio-linguistics, and composition and rhetoric, and 
we offer a full range of academic programs (B.A., M.A., M.A. in Professional Writing and Editing, M.F.A., and 
Ph.D.). Our Center for Literary Computing offers opportunities and support for digital humanities projects. West 
Virginia University is designated a “research-high activity” university with more than 29,000 students. The city of 
Morgantown, which is often ranked among the best small cities in the United States, is conveniently located within 
driving distance of Pittsburgh, Columbus, and Washington, D.C.



The position begins August 16, 2013. For possible interviews at MLA, initial review will begin November 1, 2012; 
however, applications will be considered until the position is filled. West Virginia University is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
and the recipient of an NSF ADVANCE award for gender equity.

Please send a letter of application and c.v. to: Timothy Sweet, Chair, American Literature Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
PO Box 6296, West Virginia University, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. We will request full 
dossiers and writing samples from selected candidates through November, so please don’t send these materials at 
this time. Email applications consisting of a single PDF file can be sent to tsweet@ wvu .edu For more information, 
please visit our website: http:// www .english 
.wvu .edu [R]

West Virginia U

English, 
PO Box 6296 1503 University Av Morgantown WV 26506

http://www.english.wvu.edu

GEORGE & JULIA BATES WELCH JACKSON, MARY M. JACKSON & JULIA BATES JACKSON NICHOLS 
CHAIR OF ENGLISH 17476

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15385

The Department of English 
at West Virginia University invites applications and nominations for the endowed 
George and Julia Bates Welch Jackson, Mary M. Jackson and Julia Bates Jackson Nichols Chair of English 
in literature, 
rhetoric, or cultural studies. We seek a dynamic scholar who will contribute significantly to our graduate programs, 
as well as teach occasionally in our undergraduate program; the teaching load is 1–1. Area of specialization 
is less important than demonstrated excellence in research and teaching. The department is particularly interested 
in senior or rapidly-rising mid-career scholars of national reputation and with research agendas capable of attracting 
graduate students and external funding. The West Virginia University Department of English 
maintains programs 
in Literature, Creative Writing, and Professional Writing and Editing, as well as the West Virginia Dialect Project 
and the Center for Literary Computing. It is of highest importance that the Jackson Professor be able to work across 
the many areas of strength in our department and build synergies between them. The position entails significant 
service and leadership responsibilities and carries benefits commensurate with an endowed professorship at West 
Virginia University.

Applications from advanced associate professors are welcome. This appointment has a starting date of August 16, 
2013. For possible interviews at MLA, initial review will begin November 1, 2012; however, applications will 
be considered until the position is filled. West Virginia University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
and the recipient of an NSF ADVANCE award for gender equity.

The department welcomes nominations for the Jackson Chair. Applications should include a letter of interest and a 
c.v. that lists contact information for external reviewers who are able to speak to the quality of the applicant’s scholarship. 
Nominations and applications should be mailed to: James Harms, Chair, Jackson Search Committee, Department 
of English, 
PO Box 6296, West Virginia University, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. Email applications 
consisting of a single PDF file can be sent to jharms@ wvu .edu [R]

West Virginia U

English, 
PO Box 6296 1503 University Av Morgantown WV 26506

http://www.english.wvu.edu

Assistant, Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Professional and Technical Writing 17258

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14820

The Department of English 
at West Virginia University seeks a tenure-track assistant, advanced assistant, or associate 
professor in professional and technical writing, starting August 2013. We have established writing programs at 
both the undergraduate and graduate levels and we seek a scholar and teacher eager to help us expand our programs.

PROFESSIONAL AND TECHNICAL WRITING. The Department of English 
offers an undergraduate minor 
and concentration along with an MA in Professional Writing & Editing. We are interested particularly in a candidate 
who can enhance our focus on professional/ technical writing, editing, digital media, and/or rhetorical theory. 
Interest in grant writing, internship coordination, and/or interdisciplinary work is desirable. As a research faculty 



member, this candidate will also contribute to our graduate-level focus on rhetorical theory. The teaching load is 
2–2 with teaching opportunities at the graduate and undergraduate levels. We require a doctoral degree in hand by 
August 15, 2013; strong evidence of a productive research agenda; demonstrated potential for teaching excellence at 
the undergraduate and graduate levels; and an ability to teach with technology. For the rank of associate professor, 
it is expected the candidate will possess a robust publication record including six or more articles or a book length 
publication.

DEADLINE. We will begin reviewing applications October 1, 2012, and will accept applications until the position 
is filled. We will acknowledge all applications and plan to conduct initial interviews via Skype or phone. West Virginia 
University is an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer 
and the recipient of an NSF ADVANCE 
award for gender equity.

APPLICATION. Please send a letter of application and c.v. to PWE Search Committee, Department of English, 
PO Box 6296, West Virginia University, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. Additional materials may be requested 
later. For more information, please visit our website: www .english 
.wvu .edu E-mail applications consisting of a 
single PDF file can be sent to brian .ballentine@ mail .wvu .edu

Nominations of outstanding potential candidates are welcome. [R]

WISCONSIN

Beloit C

English, 
700 College St Beloit WI 53511

http://www.beloit.edu/english

Assistant Professor: Renaissance Literature and Creative Writing 17382

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15291

The Department of English 
at Beloit College invites applications for a tenure-track position in Renaissance literature/ 
Shakespeare and creative writing, starting in August 2013. Along with expertise in Shakespeare, we particularly 
invite applicants interested in colonial/ postcolonial Renaissance studies, writing for performance, and 
outreach to diverse local communities. The successful candidate will teach five courses during the academic year, 
including introductory creative writing, introductory literature, Renaissance literature/ Shakespeare, and creative 
writing courses on various topics and genres, including writing for performance. Beloit faculty members also contribute 
regularly to the First-Year Initiatives Program and to capstone courses. Ph.D. in literature required by time 
of appointment.

Please submit materials, including letter of application, c.v., dissertation abstract, teaching portfolio, reference letters, 
and writing sample (including scholarly and creative writing) through Interfolio using the link above by November 
5, 2012. We will conduct interviews at MLA 2013 in Boston.

Located in a diverse community close to Madison, Milwaukee, and Chicago, Beloit College is a highly selective 
liberal arts college of approximately 1250 students from 49 states and 40 countries. The college emphasizes excellence 
in teaching, learning beyond the traditional classroom, international perspectives, and collaborative research 
among students and faculty. Recognized as one of the Colleges that Change Lives, Beloit is committed to the 
educational benefits of diversity in our learning community and encourages all interested individuals meeting the 
criteria of the described position to apply. AA/EEO Employer. 
[R]

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702

http://www.uwec.edu/employment/index.htm

20th/21st Century American Literature with Transnational Focus 17604

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15671

Tenure-track assistant professor of 20th/21st century American Literature with emphasis in transnational/ diaspora/ 
border studies. We especially welcome candidates who maintain a clear priority commitment to teaching 



excellence; 
to teaching that is inclusive, empowering, and transformative; and who deliberately strive to draw substantial 
connections across their teaching, their scholarship, and their institutional, professional, and community 
service. Strong assets include expertise in performance studies, poetics, or aesthetics; evidence of success in teaching 
composition at the college level; research and excellent scholarly potential in 20th/21st century American literature; 
commitment to undergraduate liberal education; and commitment to the values of equity, diversity, and 
inclusiveness. Appointment begins August 19, 2013. For application procedures and further information, please visit 
http:// www .uwec .edu/ employment/ index .htm. For priority consideration, submit applications (including letter of 
application, curriculum vita, writing sample, brief statement of teaching philosophy, and three letters of recommendation) 
by October 26, 2012. Preliminary interviews will be held at MLA. A criminal background check will 
be required prior to employment. UW-Eau Claire, a regional comprehensive university with an established reputation 
for academic excellence, is an AA/EEO employer 
dedicated to enhancing diversity. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire

English, 
PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702

http://www.uwec.edu/employment/index.htm

Creative Writing – Fiction 17601

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15669

The University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire’s English 
Department seeks a tenure-track assistant professor of creative 
writing with a primary emphasis and strong publication record in fiction, and secondary expertise in poetry. Required 
qualifications include MFA, Ph.D. or equivalent terminal degree and evidence of successful teaching. Assets 
include experience facilitating an online creative arts magazine, experience teaching college composition courses, 
and a commitment to the values of equity, diversity, inclusiveness and anti-racism. We welcome candidates who 
draw substantial connections across their teaching, creative work/ scholarship, advising and service. Appointment 
begins August 19, 2013. For application procedures and further information, please visit http:// www .uwec .edu/ 
employment/ index .htm. For priority consideration, submit applications (including letter of application, curriculum 
vita, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation) by October 26, 2012. Preliminary interviews will be 
conducted via phone conference. A criminal background check will be required prior to employment. UWEC is 
an AA/EEO employer 
dedicated to enhancing diversity. [R]

U of Wisconsin, Madison

English, 
600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706

http://www.english.wisc.edu/

Assistant Professor of Early Modern English 
Literature and Culture 17577

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15547

The Department of English 
at the University of Wisconsin-Madison seeks applications for an assistant professor position 
(tenure-track) in early modern English 
literature and culture. Appointment will begin August 2013. Ph.D. is 
required prior to start of appointment. The department is especially interested in candidates who are working in the 
period between 1500 and 1660. Please submit application materials, including CV, book abstract, dossier, and writing 
sample of 25 pages, to Professor Theresa M. Kelley, Chair, Department of English 
at employment@ english 
.wisc 
.edu . To ensure full consideration, applications must be received no later than November 15, 2012. Interviews will 
be conducted at the MLA conference in Boston, MA. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. A criminal 
background check will be required prior to start of appointment. UW-Madison is an EOE/AA employer. 
[R]

U of Wisconsin, Madison

English, 
600 N Park St 7187 Helen C White Hall Madison WI 53706

http://www.english.wisc.edu/

Assistant Professor of Queer Theory, 1750-Present 17574

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15546



The Department of English 
at the University of Wisconsin-Madison seeks applicants for an assistant professor position 
(tenure-track) in any field of literary studies from 1750 to the present and are focusing on queer theory and/
or LGBTQ studies. Appointment will begin August 2013. Ph.D. required prior to start of appointment. Preference 
will be given to candidates who are thinking in innovative ways about literary and queer studies. Please submit 
application materials, including letter of application, CV, book abstract, dossier, and writing sample of 25 pages, 
to Professor Theresa M. Kelley, Chair, Department of English 
at employment@ english 
.wisc .edu. For full consideration, 
applications must be received no later than November 15, 2012. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA 
conference in Boston, MA. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. A criminal background will be required 
prior to start of appointment. UW-Madison is an EOE/AA employer. 
[R]

U of Wisconsin, Stout

English/ 
Philos, 132 Harvey Hall Menomonie WI 54751

http://www.uwstout.edu/english/index.cfm

Assistant Professor of Professional Writing, Composition, and Rhetoric 17508

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15800

Tenure track entry-level assistant professor position beginning August 2013. We are looking for faculty who value 
teaching as a career and who are interested in teaching first-year composition and professional and intermediate 
writing classes. Department/ university service, student advising, and research are expected. Degree in Rhetoric 
and Composition, Professional writing, or related field; Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. The successful candidate 
will be able to teach in the areas of Professional Writing, Rhetoric, Composition and New Media. Willingness to 
pursue grants is a requirement. Willingness to use technology in the classroom is essential since we are a laptop 
campus. Expertise or interest in on-line delivery preferred. Ph.D. and research are required for promotion and tenure. 
For a more detailed description of the position, please see our website. http:// www .uwstout .edu/ english/ 
index 
.cfm Apply online via www .uwstout .edu/ jobs/. To be considered applications must include: cover letter, vita, copies 
of transcripts, evidence of teaching potential and contact information of three current references. For additional 
information, contact Dr. Jerry Kapus, Department Chair, at 715-232-1103, kapusj@ uwstout .edu. Application deadline 
November 2, 2012. EO/AA Employer. 
Employment contingent upon passing a criminal background check.

WYOMING

U of Wyoming

English, 
Dept 3353 1000 E University Av Laramie WY 82071

http://www.uwyo.edu/english/; http://www.uwyo.edu/chicanostudies/

Assistant Professor of Chicano Studies and English 
17652

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15848

Transnational Literature from the period of contact.

Joint tenure track position in Literature of the Americas in the period from contact to the eighteenth century 
(1450–1750). Position starts August 20, 2013.

Required: a literary studies Ph.D. in Latina/o Studies, English 
or Spanish in an appropriate period; relevant secondary 
field; a record or clear promise of research publication; a record of strong teaching.

Preferred: post 1600; Colonial period of the Americas with an emphasis on the Latino Diaspora; theory (colonial, 
postcolonial, borderlands)

Full time position, with competitive salary. Carries responsibility for teaching on campus in these departments and 
in University Honors and at times by distance modalities. 3/2 load. Position includes commitment to teaching, research 
and service in both academic units.

Information about English 
and Chicano Studies at UW can be found at: http:// www .uwyo .edu/ english/ 
and http:// 
www .uwyo .edu/ chicanostudies/



Review of applications will begin November 1, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. To apply, send 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation (to be submitted independently by referees 
or sent from your university’s academic placement center).

Applications should be addressed to:

Transnational Literature Search: POSITION 0714

c/o Peter Parolin, Chair Search Committee

Department of English, 
3353

University of Wyoming

1000 East University Avenue

Laramie, WY 82071.

Interviews will take place at the MLA convention in Boston.

The University of Wyoming is committed to diversity and endorses principles of affirmative action. We acknowledge 
that diversity enriches and sustains our scholarship and promotes equal access to our educational mission. We 
seek and welcome applications from individuals of all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. [R]

CANADIAN INSTITUTIONS

McGill U

English, 
853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A 2T6 Canada

http://www.mcgill.ca/english

World Anglophone Literature 17291

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14925

Tenure-Track Position – Assistant Professor

The Department of English 
at McGill University invites applications for a tenure-track position in World Anglophone 
Literature. The successful candidate will conduct research and develop a variety of undergraduate and 
graduate courses in contemporary Anglophone literature from India, Pakistan, South-East Asia, or Australia and 
New Zealand. A secondary research and teaching interest in cinema or drama and theatre from one or more of 
these regions would be an advantage. Knowledge of French and some teaching experience are assets for this position. 
Applicants must have a PhD in hand or be very near completion. Evidence of scholarly promise is a major 
consideration. The appointment, at the rank of Assistant Professor, begins 1 August 2013. The teaching assignment 
is 12 credits (4 courses) per academic year. Inquiries about this position can be sent to allan .hepburn@ mcgill.ca. Information 
about the Department, its programs, and courses may be found on our website: www .mcgill .ca/english.


Complete applications including curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a writing sample (20–30 
pages) must arrive no later than 15 November 2012. Application materials should be addressed to Professor Allan 
Hepburn, Chair, Department of English. 
All application materials, including referees’ letters of recommendation, 
must be submitted electronically to www .academicjobsonline .org/ ajo/ jobs/1788.

McGill University is committed to equity in employment and diversity. It welcomes applications from Aboriginal 
persons, persons with disabilities, ethnic minorities, persons of minority sexual orientation or gender identity, visible 
minorities, women, and others who may contribute to diversification. All qualified applicants are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. [R]



Ryerson U

English, 
350 Victoria St Toronto ON M5B 2K3 Canada

http://www.ryerson.ca/english

Assistant professor, Urban Literatures and Cultures 17385

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15246

The Department of English, 
Ryerson University, invites applications for 1 Assistant Rank position in Urban Literatures 
and Cultures. The appointment will be effective August 1, 2013. The position is subject to final budgetary 
approval.

Required qualifications include an earned PhD and a record of excellent research and teaching. Candidates are expected 
to demonstrate a strong research record in Urban Literatures and Cultures, with secondary or related interests 
in one or more of the following: youth culture; immigrant literatures and cultures; and critical/ cultural theory 
related to urban life and/or “the city.” Demonstrated experience with innovative and applied pedagogy, in relation 
to urban settings, would be an asset.

The successful candidate will conduct research/ creative work and teach in programs at the undergraduate and 
graduate levels. Our campus is located in downtown Toronto—one of the world’s most cosmopolitan and dynamic 
cityscapes. Our diverse student body and our distinctive urban environment present many opportunities for interdisciplinary 
teaching and research as well as creative pedagogy. The department, a member of the Faculty of Arts, 
offers a BA in English 
and an MA in Literatures of Modernity. We also contribute to three inter-departmental programs: 
a humanities BA in Arts & Contemporary Studies, and graduate programs in Communication & Culture 
and Immigration & Settlement Studies.

Applicants should submit a letter describing their areas of research and teaching interests, along with a curriculum 
vitae, three confidential letters of reference, two samples of their research work, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. 
Review of applications will begin December 1, 2012 and will continue until the position is filled. Confidential 
inquiries can be directed to the Chair, Randy Boyagoda (boyagoda@ ryerson.ca). Please note that applications 
by fax or e-mail will not be accepted.

Applications should be sent to:

Dr. Randy Boyagoda, Chair, Department of English, 
Ryerson University, 350 Victoria Street, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada, M5B 2K3 [R]

U de Montréal

English 
Studies, CP 6128, Succ. Centre-ville Montréal QC H3C 3J7 Canada

http://www.etang.umontreal.ca/

Assistant Professor of English 
Studies, Open Field 17676

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15946

The Department of English 
Studies invites applications for a full-time tenure-track position as Assistant Professor 
in an open field.

Starting Date

From June 1, 2013

Interested parties should consult the detailed description of this position, information about the competition and 
deadlines on the Department of English 
Studies Web site at : www .etang .umontreal .ca/.

Applicants are encouraged to apply through Interfoli via the link above.

The Université de Montréal upholds the principles of employment equity and welcomes applications from women, 
ethnic and visible minorities, aboriginals and people with disabilities.

In compliance with Canadian immigration requirements, priority shall be given to Canadian citizens and permanent 
residents. [R]



U of Toronto

English, 
170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada

http://www.english.utoronto.ca

Assistant Professor-20th Century British and Irish Literature 17448

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15357

Job Field: Tenure Stream

Faculty /Division: Faculty of Arts and Science

Campus: St. George (downtown Toronto)

Job Closing: Oct 31, 2012

The Department of English 
at the University of Toronto, St George campus, invites applications for a tenure-
stream appointment in the field of Twentieth-Century 
British and Irish Literature. Research and teaching interests 
in both modern and contemporary literature are desired. The appointment will be at the rank of Assistant Professor 
and will begin on July 1, 2013. Applicants must have earned a PhD degree in a related field by July 1, 2013 or soon 
thereafter, with a demonstrated record of excellence in teaching and research. Salary will be commensurate with 
qualifications and experience.

The Department of English, 
St George campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a department 
that is committed to studying the literatures of English 
in both their historical depth and their geographical 
range. Situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the Department reflects that diversity in its approach 
to English 
as a world language.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. See job # 1201109. Applications 
should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), 
a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. If you have questions 
about this position, please contact chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca. All application materials should be submitted online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine 
attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: http:// 
uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair 
.english@ 
utoronto.ca by the closing date, October 31, 2012.

For more information about the Department of English, 
please visit our home page.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of 
sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
[R]

U of Toronto

English, 
170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada

http://www.english.utoronto.ca

Associate/ Full Professor-Canadian Literature 17436

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15324

Job Field: Tenure Stream

Faculty /Division: Faculty of Arts and Science

Campus: St. George (downtown Toronto)

Job Closing: Oct 31, 2012



The Faculty of Arts and Science, University of Toronto invites applications and nominations for the Avie Bennett 
Chair in Canadian Literature. This is an endowed chair and a tenured appointment in the Department of English 
at 
the level of Associate or Full Professor. The Endowed Chair appointment is for a five-year term, with the possibility 
of renewal for another five-year term following a favorable review. The appointment will be effective July 1, 2013.

The role of the Chair will significantly contribute to the body of scholarship in the field of Canadian literature. 
The successful incumbent will demonstrate a deep commitment to producing the highest quality scholarship on 
Canadian literature, engaging the Canadian literary community and building a strong public profile as a leading 
authority on Canadian literature on behalf of the University. The incumbent will forge critical links between 
scholars of Canadian literature at the University of Toronto and their counterparts at universities and specialized 
institutions across Canada and abroad who are dedicated to fostering knowledge of the field. Candidates are required 
to have a PhD.

The Department of English, 
St George Campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a 
department that is committed to studying the literatures of English 
in both their historical depth and their geographical 
range. Situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the Department reflects that diversity in 
its approach to English 
as a world language. The Department is committed to excellence in teaching and research. 
Candidates must display evidence of excellence in these areas. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and 
experience.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. See job # 1200430. Applications 
should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), 
a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. If you have 
questions about this position, please contact chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca. All application materials should be submitted 
online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine 
attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: http:// 
uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca by the closing date, October 31, 2012.

For more information about the Department of English, 
please visit our home page.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of 
sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
[R]

U of Toronto

English, 
170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada

http://www.utoronto.ca

Assistant Professor-Aboriginal Literature 17444

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15329

Job Field : Tenure Stream

Faculty /Division : Faculty of Arts and Science

Campus : St. George (downtown Toronto)

Job Closing : Oct 31, 2012

Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position in the field of Aboriginal Literature in the Department of English 
(51%) and Aboriginal Studies (49%) at the St George campus of the University of Toronto. The appointment 
will be at the rank of Assistant Professor and will begin on July 1, 2013.



Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research in the area of 
Aboriginal Literature. Qualified candidates will have a PhD in English 
with specialization in Aboriginal Literature 
and interest in Canadian Aboriginal issues. Interest in community-based research and Aboriginal methodologies, 
and experience in working with Aboriginal communities are an asset. Applicants must show evidence of excellence 
in research and teaching potential.

Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

Aboriginal Studies (www .utoronto .ca/abs) is an interdisciplinary program that brings together faculty from across 
the University of Toronto and works closely with the student services unit First Nations House. Responsibilities 
involve teaching of undergraduate courses (specific assignments to be negotiated) and regular participation in program 
activities. The Aboriginal Studies program is affiliated with the Centre for Aboriginal Initiatives at the University 
of Toronto.

The Department of English 
(www .english 
.utoronto.ca), St George campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to 
conduct research in a department that is committed to studying the literatures of English 
in both their historical 
depth and their geographical range. Situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the Department reflects 
that diversity in its approach to English 
as a world language.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. See job # 1201131. Applications 
should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), 
a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. If you have questions 
about this position, please contact chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca. All application materials should be submitted online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine 
attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: http:// 
uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca by the closing date, October 31, 2012.

For more information about the Department of English, 
please visit our home page.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of 
sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
[R]

U of Toronto

English, 
170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada

http://www.english.utoronto.ca

Assistant Professor-Early English 
Drama 17446

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15356

Job Field: Tenure Stream

Faculty /Division: Faculty of Arts and Science

Campus: St. George (downtown Toronto)

Job Closing: Oct 31, 2012

The Department of English 
at the University of Toronto, St George, invites applications for a tenure-stream appointment 
in the field of Early English 
Drama. The appointment will be at the rank of Assistant Professor and will 
begin on July 1, 2013.

We are particularly looking for a late medievalist with research specialization in drama to 1557. An interest in participating 
in Digital Humanities projects would also be an asset. Applicants must have earned a PhD degree in a 
related field by July 1, 2013 or soon thereafter, with a demonstrated record of excellence in teaching and research.



Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

The Department of English, 
St George Campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a 
department that is committed to studying the literatures of English 
in both their historical depth and their geographical 
range. Situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the Department reflects that diversity in 
its approach to English 
as a world language. With the presence on campus of the Centre for Medieval Studies, the 
Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, and the REED Project, the University of Toronto is ideally 
suited to fostering a dynamic research environment.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. See job # 1201130. Applications 
should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), 
a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. If you have 
questions about this position, please contact chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca. All application materials should be submitted 
online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine 
attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: http:// 
uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca by the closing date, October 31, 2012.

For more information about the Department of English, 
please visit our home page.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of 
sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
[R]

U of Toronto

English, 
170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada

http://www.english.utoronto.ca

Assistant Professor-Asian North American Literature 17445

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15355

Job Field: Tenure Stream

Faculty /Division: Faculty of Arts and Science

Campus: St. George (downtown Toronto)

Job Closing: Oct 31, 2012

The Department of English 
at the University of Toronto, St George campus, invites applications for a tenure-
stream appointment in the field of Asian North American Literature. The appointment will be at the rank of Assistant 
Professor and will begin on July 1, 2013.

We are particularly interested in receiving applications from scholars who work in one of the following areas: Chinese, 
Filipino, Japanese, or Korean diasporic writings. Applicants must have earned a PhD degree in a related field 
by July 1, 2013 or soon thereafter, with a demonstrated record of excellence in teaching and research.

Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

The Department of English, 
St George campus, offers the opportunity to teach and to conduct research in a department 
that is committed to studying the literatures of English 
in both their historical depth and their geographical 
range. Situated in one of the most diverse cities in the world, the Department reflects that diversity in its approach 
to English 
as a world language.



All qualified candidates are invited to apply by visiting www .uoftcareers .utoronto.ca. See job # 1201127 Applications 
should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching philosophy), 
a statement outlining current and future research interests, and a substantial writing sample. If you have questions 
about this position, please contact chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca. All application materials should be submitted online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine 
attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: http:// 
uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department via e-mail to chair .english@ 
utoronto.ca by the closing date, October 31, 2012.

For more information about the Department of English, 
please visit our home page.

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of 
sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
[R]

U of Toronto Scarborough

English, 
1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada

http://www.utsc.utoronto.ca/~engdept/

Assistant Professor-Medieval Literature 17467

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15363

The Department of English 
at the University of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC) invites applications for a tenure-
stream position in the area of Medieval Literature. The appointment will be at the rank of Assistant Professor to 
begin July 1, 2013.

Candidates should have a PhD in English 
with a specialization in Medieval Literature. A focus on queer theory or 
gender and sexuality studies, issues of religious and ethnic diversity, and/or narrative would be particularly welcome. 
S/he will teach a variety of courses in medieval literature and culture; ideally including, in alternating years, 
the introductory course Critical Thinking about Narrative and a new historical survey of literatures in English.


UTSC is part of the tri-campus University of Toronto, a research-intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary 
commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of 
the largest library systems in North America. The University offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world.

The appointment is at UTSC with full membership in the tri-campus Graduate Department of English 
at the 
University of Toronto. The Centre for Medieval Studies, the Program in Book History and Print Culture, and the 
Program in Editing Medieval Texts foster an especially dynamic research environment for medievalists at the University 
of Toronto. The successful candidate will be expected to do research; graduate teaching and supervision in 
the tri-campus graduate program; and undergraduate teaching on the Scarborough campus. Applicants must demonstrate 
excellence in both research and teaching. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by clicking on the following link: http:// www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty 
.htm (Job Number 1201229). Applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and one writing sample. 
If you have any questions about this position, please e-mail to medieval-engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca. All application 
materials should be submitted online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (in total 10 MB) per candidate profile; 
please combine attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: 
http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply.



Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department Chair, Professor Christine Bolus-
Reichert, via e-mail to medieval-engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca by the closing date, November 15, 2012. Please note 
that preliminary interviews will take place via teleconference.

For more information about the UTSC Department of English, 
please visit our home page at http:// www .utsc 
.utoronto .ca/~engdept/

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from members of visible minority groups, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members 
of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority.

U of Toronto Scarborough

English, 
1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada

http://www.utsc.utoronto.ca/~engdept/

Lecturer-Creative Writing 17462

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15360

The Department of English 
at the University of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC) invites applications for a full-time 
teaching-stream appointment in Creative Writing. The appointment will be at the rank of Lecturer and will commence 
July 1, 2013.

The ideal candidate will have a strong record of publishing fiction and/or creative nonfiction, or the production of 
original plays or screenplays. Candidates must have a PhD in English 
and/or MFA/MA in Creative Writing, demonstrated 
excellence in teaching literature and creative writing at the university level, and a demonstrated commitment 
to the scholarship of teaching and learning as it pertains to creative writing. The successful candidate will also 
be expected to engage in service activities in the Department.

Appointments at the rank of Lecturer may be renewed annually to a maximum of five years. In the fifth year of 
service, Lecturers shall be reviewed and a recommendation made with respect to promotion to the rank of Senior 
Lecturer. Senior lecturers have continuing appointments. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and 
experience.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by clicking on the following link: http:// www .jobs .utoronto .ca/faculty 
.htm (Job Number 1201230). Applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and one writing sample. 
If you have any questions about this position, please e-mail to cw-engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca. All application materials 
should be submitted online.

The UofT application system can accommodate up to five attachments (in total 10 MB) per candidate profile; 
please combine attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be found at: 
http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also ask three referees to send letters directly to the department Chair, Professor Christine Bolus-
Reichert, via e-mail to cw-engsearch@ utsc .utoronto.ca by the closing date, November 15, 2012. Please note that 
preliminary interviews will take place via teleconference.

UTSC has an interdisciplinary commitment, and a multicultural student body speaking a wide range of languages. 
The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research, and live in one of the most diverse 
cities in the world.

For more information about the Department of English, 
please visit our home page at http:// www .utsc .utoronto 
.ca/~engdept/

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from members of visible minority groups, women, aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members 
of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority.



U of Toronto, Mississauga

English 
& Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 Canada

http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/english-drama/

Lecturer in British Literature 17257

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14819

The Department of English 
and Drama at the University of Toronto Mississauga (UTM) invites applications for a 
full-time teaching-stream position at the rank of Lecturer in English 
Literature, starting on July 1, 2013. We are 
looking for an enthusiastic colleague interested in building a long-term teaching career, with a background in British 
literature (early modern to twentieth-century) 
and with scholarly and teaching interests including, but not limited 
to, Literary History and/or Theory, Narratology, and/or Poetics.

Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in English 
and be prepared to teach major lecture-based survey courses in British literary 
history and large introductory classes for first-year students as well as smaller, seminar-style courses for upper-
year students. A strong doctoral record is required, as is a proven record of pedagogical excellence. The successful 
candidate will be expected to maintain an active interest in new developments in the field, teach a course at the 
undergraduate level, help shape future developments of our curriculum, and contribute to the administrative and 
intellectual life of the department. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

Appointments at the rank of Lecturer may be renewed annually to a maximum of five years. In the fifth year of 
service, Lecturers shall be reviewed and a recommendation made with respect to promotion to the rank of Senior 
Lecturer. Success in promotion depends on achieving excellence in teaching and promise of continued professional 
development.

UTM is part of the tri-campus University of Toronto, a research-intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary 
commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of 
the largest library systems in North America. The University offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by following the link available at

https:// utoronto .taleo .net/ careersection/ jobdetail .ftl?job=157441

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by clicking on the link above. Applications should include a cover letter, 
curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (highlighting all significant pedagogical accomplishments and including a 
statement of teaching philosophy), and ONE writing sample of scholarly work of not more than 25 pages. If you 
have questions about this position, please contact holger .syme@ utoronto.ca. All application materials should be 
submitted online. The U of T application system can accommodate up to five attachments (10 MB) per candidate 
profile; please combine attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. Submission guidelines can be 
found at http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also arrange for graduate transcripts and at least three letters of reference (or a dossier) to be sent 
via email (on letterhead, signed, and scanned) directly to the department, at edassist .utm@ utoronto.ca. The deadline 
for applications is December 1, 2012.

For further information on the UTM Department of English 
and Drama and on the tri-campus Graduate Department 
of English, 
see http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/english-
drama/ and http:// www .english 
.utoronto .ca/. [R]

U of Toronto, Mississauga

English 
& Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 Canada

http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/english-drama/

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature 17256

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14818

The Department of English 
and Drama at the University of Toronto Mississauga (UTM) invites applications for a 
tenure-stream position at the rank of Assistant Professor in Victorian Literature, starting on July 1, 2013. We would 



be particularly interested in colleagues with research interests including, but not limited to, the History of the 
Book, Cultural History, Poetics, and/or Queer Studies.

Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in English 
and be prepared to teach nineteenth-century 
literature across the major 
genres. Clear evidence of excellence in both research and teaching is required; a significant publication record 
would be advantageous. The successful candidate will also become a full member of the Graduate Department 
of English, 
which consists of faculty from the University’s three campuses (UTM, U of T Scarborough, and U of 
T St. George). Duties will consist of research; the supervision of PhD dissertations; and teaching undergraduate 
courses at the Mississauga campus and graduate classes at the St. George campus. Salary will be commensurate with 
qualifications and experience.

UTM is part of the tri-campus University of Toronto, a research-intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary 
commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of 
the largest library systems in North America. The University offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by following the link available at

https:// utoronto .taleo .net/ careersection/ jobdetail .ftl?job=157081

Applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching 
philosophy), a statement outlining current and future research interests, and ONE writing sample of scholarly work 
of not more than 25 pages. If you have questions about this position, please contact holger .syme@ utoronto.ca. All 
application materials should be submitted online. The U of T application system can accommodate up to five attachments 
(10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. 
Submission guidelines can be found at http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also arrange for graduate transcripts and at least three letters of reference (or a dossier) to be sent 
via email (on letterhead, signed, and scanned) directly to the department, at edassist .utm@ utoronto.ca. The deadline 
for applications is November 2, 2012.

For further information on the UTM Department of English 
and Drama and on the tri-campus Graduate Department 
of English, 
see http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/english-
drama/ and http:// www .english 
.utoronto .ca/. [R]

U of Toronto, Mississauga

English 
& Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga ON L5L 1C6 Canada

http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/english-drama/

Assistant Professor of Early Modern English 
Literature 17255

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14817

The Department of English 
and Drama at the University of Toronto Mississauga (UTM) invites applications for a 
tenure-stream position at the rank of Assistant Professor in Sixteenth-Century 
and Early Seventeenth-Century 
English 
Literature, starting on July 1, 2013. We would be particularly interested in colleagues with research interests 
including, but not limited to, Book History, Poetics, Queer Studies, and/or Tudor Studies.

Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in English 
and be prepared to teach early modern literature of all genres, with a 
particular focus on poetry and prose. Clear evidence of excellence in both research and teaching is required; a 
significant publication record would be advantageous. The successful candidate will also become a full member of 
the Graduate Department of English, 
which consists of faculty from the University’s three campuses (UTM, U of 
T Scarborough, and U of T St. George). Duties will consist of research; the supervision of PhD dissertations; and 
teaching undergraduate courses at the Mississauga campus and graduate classes at the St. George campus. Salary 
will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.

UTM is part of the tri-campus University of Toronto, a research-intensive institution with a strong interdisciplinary 
commitment, a multicultural student body, a wide range of collaborative programs and institutes, and one of 
the largest library systems in North America. The University offers the opportunity to conduct research, teach, and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world.

All qualified candidates are invited to apply by following the link available at



https:// utoronto .taleo .net/ careersection/ jobdetail .ftl?job=157341

Applications should include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching dossier (including a statement of teaching 
philosophy), a statement outlining current and future research interests, and ONE writing sample of scholarly work 
of not more than 25 pages. If you have questions about this position, please contact holger .syme@ utoronto.ca. All 
application materials should be submitted online. The U of T application system can accommodate up to five attachments 
(10 MB) per candidate profile; please combine attachments into one or two files in PDF/MS Word format. 
Submission guidelines can be found at http:// uoft.me/how-to-apply.

Applicants should also arrange for graduate transcripts and at least three letters of reference (or a dossier) to be sent 
via email (on letterhead, signed, and scanned) directly to the department, at edassist .utm@ utoronto.ca. The deadline 
for applications is November 2, 2012.

For further information on the UTM Department of English 
and Drama and on the tri-campus Graduate Department 
of English, 
see http:// www .utm .utoronto .ca/english-
drama/ and http:// www .english 
.utoronto .ca/. [R]

U of Waterloo

English, 
200 University Av W Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 Canada

http://www.english.uwaterloo.ca

Open Rank position in Writing Studies 17356

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15134

Applications are invited for an open rank (tenured or tenure-track) position in Writing Studies. We are looking 
for a colleague with expertise in writing studies and composition theory who will contribute to our research and 
teaching in this area. Specific expertise in workplace and technical writing, intercultural rhetoric, global Englishes, 
or digital rhetoric would be an asset. Applicants for this position should have a record of outstanding research 
achievement commensurate with their experience and a strong teaching record; a proven history of securing external 
research funding will also be considered an asset. The successful candidate will be offered a wide range of 
teaching experiences, from first-year undergraduate courses through to graduate teaching and supervision of doctoral 
students. In addition to undergraduate programs in Literature and in Rhetoric and Professional Writing, the 
Department (www .english 
.uwaterloo.ca) offers new undergraduate specializations in Digital Media Studies and in 
English 
Literature in a Global Context. We also offer a new MA in Experimental Digital Media (XDM), in addition 
to our innovative MA programs in Literary Studies and Rhetoric and Communication Design. Our unique 
PhD program integrates literary studies with fields of media theory and design, composition, rhetoric, and discourse 
and text analysis. Since the Department enjoys an integrated research culture, competence in a second area, 
such as critical theory, semiotics, linguistics, or a field of literary study, is also welcome. The current teaching load 
is 2 + 2, which normally includes one graduate course.

The successful candidate will regularly teach relevant courses in new Faculty-level, professional masters degrees 
in Public Service (MPS) or Digital Experience Innovation (MDEI) as well as graduate and undergraduate courses 
in English. 
The MPS degree prepares students from different undergraduate backgrounds to be effective public 
service employees at the federal, provincial or municipal level (www .mps .uwaterloo.ca). The MDEI degree is a 
project-based, interdisciplinary program that trains future leaders in digital media industries (www .stratfordcampus 
.uwaterloo .ca/programs/ mdei). The successful candidate will be invited to help shape one or the other of these 
programs. The University of Waterloo is a research-intensive public institution, with the largest and most successful 
Co-operative education program in North America. In the Maclean’s Magazine national reputational survey, the 
University of Waterloo has ranked as the ‘Best Overall’ university in Canada for 18 out of the last 20 years.

Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a writing sample and/or electronic portfolio, and arrange 
for three letters of reference to be sent to: Dr. Fraser Easton, Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literature, 
University of Waterloo, Waterloo ON N2L 3G1 Canada. Email: englishchair@ 
uwaterloo.ca. Consideration of applications 
will begin on October 15th, 2012. An appointment date of July 1st, 2013 is preferred. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The University 
of Waterloo encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible minorities, 
Native peoples and persons with disabilities. This appointment is subject to the availability of funds. [R]



OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS

City U of Hong Kong

English, 
Kowloon Tong Kowloon NA HK

http://www.cityu.edu.hk

Professor (Rhetoric and Composition/ English 
for Academic Purposes) 17495

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15451

Worldwide Search for Talent

City University of Hong Kong is a dynamic, fast-growing university that is pursuing excellence in research and 
professional education. As a publicly-funded institution, the University is committed to nurturing and developing 
students’ talent and creating applicable knowledge to support social and economic advancement. Currently, the 
University has six Colleges/ Schools. Within the next two years, the University aims to recruit 100 more scholars 
from all over the world in various disciplines, including science, engineering, business, social sciences, humanities, 
law, creative media, energy, environment, and other strategic growth areas.

Applications and nominations are invited for :

Professor (Rhetoric and Composition/ English 
for Academic Purposes)

Department of English 
[Ref. C/155/09]

The Department of English 
is a leading centre for English 
studies in the Asian region, and has an international reputation 
for its research on English 
language and literature. Faculty in the Department typically teach five courses a 
year, covering a wide range of subjects including English 
linguistics, literature, and English 
for Specific Purposes for 
students across the University. Further information on the Department is available at http:// www .cityu .edu.hk/en/.

Duties : Provide leadership in teaching, curriculum development and administration of programs in Campus-wide 
Composition, English 
for Academic Purposes, and English 
across the curriculum projects; assist the Department in 
a variety of academic and administrative duties.

Requirements : A PhD in English 
Rhetoric and Composition/ English 
for Academic Purposes or closely-related 
disciplines. Candidates should have a distinguished record of teaching, research and scholarship; and an outstanding 
contribution in the field. Experience and background in teaching ESL students is desirable. Candidates are also 
expected to have the training and experience to develop and teach effectively in a program that privileges critical 
thinking through argumentative and analytical writing for students from all disciplines in an ESL context, and lead 
research in the field.

Salary and Conditions of Service

Remuneration package will be driven by market competitiveness and individual performance. Excellent fringe 
benefits include gratuity, leave, medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where applicable). Initial appointment 
will be made on a fixed-term contract.

Information and Application

For further information or queries about the post, please email Dr. Rodney JONES, Acting Head at enrodney@ 
cityu .edu.hk.

Please send the nomination or application with a current curriculum vitae to the Human Resources Office, City 
University of Hong Kong, Tat Chee Avenue, Kowloon, Hong Kong [Fax: (852) 2788 1154 or (852) 3442 0311/
email: hrojob@ cityu .edu.hk]. Applications and nominations will receive full consideration until the position is 
filled. The University reserves the right not to fill the position. Personal data provided by applicants will be used 
strictly in accordance with the University’s personal data policies, a copy of which will be provided upon request.

City University of Hong Kong is an equal opportunity employer 
and we are committed to the principle of diversity. 
We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, especially those who will enhance the diversity of our staff.



City University of Hong Kong was ranked the 110th among the world’s top universities and the 12th in Asia according 
to the Quacquarelli Symonds 2011/2012 surveys.

http:// www .cityu .edu.hk

Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitaet Muenchen

Historisches Seminar, Zentrum für Osteuropastudien und Graduiertenschule Ost-und Südosteuropastudien/ 
Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 Munich 80539 Germany

http://www.areastudies-osteuropa.de

6 PhD Scholarships in East and Southeast European Studies 17358

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15413

The Graduate School for East and Southeast European Studies invites applications for 6 PhD Scholarships.

These positions are available from November 1st 2012 for two years initially. Subject to evidence of satisfactory 
progress at the end of this period, the positions will be extended for a maximum of eighteen months.

The new Graduate School for East and Southeast European Studies is a cooperative venture organized by the Ludwig-
Maximilians-Universität (LMU) in Munich and the University of Regensburg. The School is funded by the 
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG) as part of the German Excellence Initiative from November 2012 until 
October 2017. Research at the Graduate School will be conducted in three broad, interdisciplinary fields:

-Origins and Forms of Social and Political Change

-Cultural Systems

-Infrastructure, Migration and Transfer of Knowledge

Research at the Graduate School especially focuses on interrelations and interdependencies between East and 
Southeast Europe and other regions of the World. A lively interest in interdisciplinary research questions and sensitivity 
for transnational and spatial perspectives are therefore expected.

In the context of its primary focus on East and Southeast Europe, the Graduate School draws on the following disciplines: 
History, Literary and Language Studies, Art History, Theater Studies, Political Sciences and Law. In the 
context of cross-regional comparisons and transfer studies the School’s expertise in Area Studies is complemented 
by insights from Chinese, Japanese and North American Studies.

In an international working environment the Graduate School offers ideal conditions for the realization of excellent 
research projects in the Humanities as well as in Social and Legal Studies which focus on East and Southeast 
Europe, and the interconnection of this region with other regions of the world. Residential obligation in Munich 
or Regensburg, two cities noted for very high quality of living, is stipulated.

For further information see: http:// areastudies-osteuropa.de

PhD Scholarships are awarded for two years with the option of extension for another eighteen months. A basic 
monthly stipend of 1.365 Euro is provided, plus travel funds, grants for material costs as well as family allowances 
and child-care expenses in accordance with DFG guidelines where applicable.

The Graduate School is committed to equal opportunity and to the compatibility of family and career. It therefore 
explicitly encourages applications from women. As an international research institution, the School particularly 
welcomes applications from abroad. Applicants with disabilities possessing essentially equivalent qualifications will 
receive preferential consideration.

Please submit your application with the appropriate documents (curriculum vitae, publication record if applicable, 
certificate of eligibility for admission to university and degree certificates), the names of two referees and a research 
proposal of 4 to 6 pages by September 30th 2012 to

http:// areastudies-osteuropa.de

For more information please contact:

Prof. Dr. Martin Schulze Wessel



martin .schulzewessel@ lrz .uni-muenchen.de

Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München

Prof. Dr. Ulf Brunnbauer

brunnbauer@ ios-regensburg.de

Universität Regensburg

Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitaet Muenchen

Historisches Seminar, Zentrum für Osteuropastudien und Graduiertenschule Ost-und Südosteuropastudien 
/Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1 Munich 80539 Germany

http://www.areastudies-osteuropa.de

4 Doctoral Positions in East and Southeast European Studies 17357

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15412

The Graduate School for East and Southeast European Studies invites applications for 4 Doctoral Positions (according 
to the German TV-L). These positions are available from November 1st 2012 for two years initially. Subject to 
evidence of satisfactory progress at the end of this period, the positions will be extended for a maximum of eighteen 
months.

The new Graduate School for East and Southeast European Studies is a cooperative venture organized by the Ludwig-
Maximilians-Universität (LMU) in Munich and the University of Regensburg. The School is funded by the 
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG) as part of the German Excellence Initiative from November 2012 until 
October 2017. Research at the Graduate School will be conducted in three broad, interdisciplinary fields:

-Origins and Forms of Social and Political Change

-Cultural Systems

-Infrastructure, Migration and Transfer of Knowledge

Research at the Graduate School especially focuses on interrelations and interdependencies between East and 
Southeast Europe and other regions of the World. A lively interest in interdisciplinary research questions and sensitivity 
for transnational and spatial perspectives are therefore expected.

In the context of its primary focus on East and Southeast Europe, the Graduate School draws on the following disciplines: 
History, Literary and Language Studies, Art History, Theater Studies, Political Sciences and Law. In the 
context of cross-regional comparisons and transfer studies the School’s expertise in Area Studies is complemented 
by insights from Chinese, Japanese and North American Studies.

In an international working environment the Graduate School offers ideal conditions for the realization of excellent 
research projects in the Humanities as well as in Social and Legal Studies which focus on East and Southeast 
Europe, and the interconnection of this region with other regions of the world. Residential obligation in Munich 
or Regensburg, two cities noted for very high quality of living, is stipulated.

For further information see: http:// areastudies-osteuropa.de

The doctoral positions are available for a period of two years with the option of extension for another eighteen 
months. Remuneration is based on Grade E 13 TV-L (65%) of the German Public Service Salary Scale. The teaching 
obligation amounts to two SPW.

The Graduate School is committed to equal opportunity and to the compatibility of family and career. It therefore 
explicitly encourages applications from women. As an international research institution, the School particularly 
welcomes applications from abroad. Applicants with disabilities possessing essentially equivalent qualifications will 
receive preferential consideration.

Please submit your application with the appropriate documents (curriculum vitae, publication record if applicable, 
certificate of eligibility for admission to university and degree certificates), the names of two referees and a research 
proposal of 4 to 6 pages by September 30th 2012 to



http:// areastudies-osteuropa.de

For more information please contact:

Prof. Dr. Martin Schulze Wessel

martin .schulzewessel@ lrz .uni-muenchen.de

Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München

Prof. Dr. Ulf Brunnbauer

brunnbauer@ ios-regensburg.de

Universität Regensburg

New York U, Abu Dhabi

70 Washington Square South Room 1250 New York NY 10012

http://nyuad.nyu.edu/human.resources/open.positions.html

FACULTY POSITIONS 17243

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14845

Literature

NYU ABU DHABI

New York University has established itself as a Global Network University, a multi-site, organically connected network 
encompassing key global cities and idea capitals. The network has three foundational, degree-granting campuses: 
New York, Abu Dhabi, and Shanghai, complemented by a network of over 15 research and study-away sites 
across five continents. Faculty and students will circulate within this global network in pursuit of common research 
interests, the promotion of cross-cultural and interdisciplinary solutions for problems, both local and global.

New York University Abu Dhabi seeks leading scholars for tenured, tenure-track and contract appointments in 
several fields. We are looking for expertise in Shakespeare Studies, preferably with interest in “global Shakespeare” 
and/or Early Modern Literature. Scholars in fields such as Classical Literature or World Literature are also encouraged 
to apply. Junior scholars with clear research profiles will be considered; dossiers of scholars at the associate-or 
full-professor level are highly desirable. The successful candidates will have the opportunity to play an integral role 
in fashioning a complete international research university oriented around the liberal arts. We seek literary scholars 
who maintain an active agenda of research, have publications appropriate to their rank, and have demonstrated commitment 
to undergraduate teaching. Please visit the Literature Program’s website for a description of its innovative 
curriculum: http:// nyuad .nyu .edu/ academics/ undergraduate-programs/ majors/ literature-and-creative-writing .html

Entering its third year, NYU Abu Dhabi has already recruited a cohort of faculty who are at once distinguished in 
their research and teaching. Our students are drawn from around the world and surpass all traditional recruitment 
benchmarks, both US and global. NYU Abu Dhabi’s highly selective liberal arts enterprise is complemented by an 
institute for advanced research, sponsoring cutting-edge projects across the Arts, Humanities, Social Sciences, Sciences, 
and Engineering.

The terms of employment are competitive and include housing and educational subsidies for children. Faculty may 
also spend time at NYU New York and other sites of the global network, engaging in both research and teaching 
opportunities. The appointment might begin as soon as September 1, 2013, or could be delayed until September 1, 
2014.

Applications are due by November 1, 2012; applications received later will be reviewed until the positions are filled. 
To be considered, candidates should submit a cover letter, Curriculum Vitae, statements of research and teaching 
interests, representative publications and three letters of reference, all in PDF format. Senior candidates are not 
required to submit references at this time. Please visit our website at http:// nyuad .nyu .edu/ human .resources/ open 
.positions .html for instructions and other information on how to apply. If you have any questions, please e-mail 
nyuad .humanities@ nyu .edu.

NYU Abu Dhabi is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer.




Singapore U of Technology & Design

20 Dover Road Singapore #04–00 Singapore 279623

http://www.sutd.edu.sg

Lecturer/ Teaching Fellow for World Civilisations and Texts 17350

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15815

The Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences program at the Singapore University of Technology and Design, a new 
research university established in collaboration with MIT, invites applications for a full-time lectureship in teaching 
a two-semester cross-cultural core course entitled World Civilizations and Texts. Students are expected to read key 
texts from different regions and cultural groups and to engage in intensive discussions revolving around fundamental 
issues that emerge from the texts.

The course goals include critical thinking and writing skills. The position requires a completed Ph.D. in a humanities 
discipline including comparative literature, history, philosophy, religious studies, or cultural studies. Applicants 
with knowledge of Chinese, South Asian, or Islamic literature and culture are especially welcome, but other areas 
of focus will be considered.

Applicants should be able to contextualize and teach both pre-modern and modern texts from one of these global 
cultures, as well as have a scholarly competence in a second global culture. Fluency in an East or South Asian language 
or Arabic a plus.

Please visit our website at http:// www .sutd .edu.sg for more information on the job requirements and application.

Singapore U of Technology & Design

20 Dover Road Singapore #04–00 Singapore 279623

http://www.sutd.edu.sg

Head of Humanities, Arts and Social Science 17349

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15814

The Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD),established in collaboration with the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology (MIT), invites applications for a senior faculty member to lead its program in Humanities, 
Arts, and Social Sciences (HASS) and spearhead the development of a planned humanities centre.

SUTD is the first university in the world with a focus on design accomplished through an integrated multi-disciplinary 
curriculum. Its mission is to advance knowledge and nurture technically grounded leaders and innovators to 
serve societal needs. Accordingly, the humanities, arts, and social sciences are a critical part of the overall education 
experience at SUTD. Students take at least one HASS elective in seven out of their eight terms at the university. 
The aim is to cultivate well-rounded, informed students that excel in the area of critical and innovative thinking.

The ideal candidate will:

• Possess broad knowledge of scholarship in both the humanities and related social sciences;

• Be able to provide direction to a growing team of professors and lecturers from different disciplinary backgrounds;

• Be able to work with other senior faculty members and administrators to design and implement a curriculum for 
teaching humanities and related social sciences to engineering and architecture students;

• Participate in strategic planning and high level leadership tasks;

• Establish networks for collaboration with institutions of higher learning within the region; and

• Be comfortable working in a dynamic and evolving culture of a start-up university

• The ideal candidate should be qualified for the rank of Full Professor at a leading research university

• The candidate should possess a distinguished record of scholarly achievement in one or more of the HASS fields.

Desired qualifications include:



• A Ph.D. in any of the humanities (English, 
comparative literature, history, philosophy) or related social sciences 
(anthropology, sociology, science and technology studies). Knowledge of Asian studies, ability to speak an Asian 
language, and previous experience working in Asia a plus.

• At least eight years academic experience in the combined areas of administration, teaching and research

• Demonstrated a capacity for management

Candidates should submit a letter of interest, a CV, representative publications, statements of research and teaching 
interests, and three letters of reference. Please visit our website at http:// www .sutd .edu.sg for more information on 
the job requirements and application.

Tel Aviv U

English 
& Amer Studies, Webb Bldg, Rm 506 Ramat Aviv 69978 Israel

http://humanities.tau.ac.il/english

Modern American Literature (Open Rank) 17203

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14663

The Department of English 
and American Studies at Tel Aviv University is seeking candidates (all ranks) for a possible 
position in Modern American Literature with an emphasis on theory and cultural studies, as well as literary studies.

To apply, please send a writing sample, CV, and three letters of recommendation in hard copy by 1 November, 
2012, to:

Professor Shirley Sharon-Zisser, Chair

Department of English 
and American Studies

Tel Aviv University

Ramat Aviv 69978

ISRAEL

U of Auckland

English, 
Private Bag 92019 Auckland New Zealand

http://www.auckland.ac.nz/opportunities

Professor or Associate Professor in English 
17204

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14611

Faculty of Arts

Vacancy Number: 15114

The University of Auckland invites applications for appointment to a senior position of Professor or Associate Professor 
in English, 
commencing second semester 2013. (An Associate Professor in the NZ system is equivalent to a 
Readership in the UK, and 'an advanced Associate Professor' in North America.) Applications are especially sought 
from scholars whose primary field is twentieth-century 
and contemporary fiction. There will be opportunities to 
develop courses at undergraduate and postgraduate levels in these areas.

The Department is seeking a senior academic with a very strong research and publication record. We are especially 
seeking an academic willing to assume a leadership role in administration, research and postgraduate supervision.

The successful appointee will work within the Department of English, 
which offers a range of courses in English 
literature and cultural studies from the medieval period to the present, including New Zealand, Pacific, American, 
Irish, African and Caribbean writing, and fiction for children and adolescents. It also administers and is the main 
contributor to programmes in Drama and in Writing Studies. As well as the majors in English, 
Drama, and Writing 
Studies at BA level, there are graduate degrees in English, 
Drama and Creative Writing, and a substantial and well-
established PhD programme.



Applications close 30 September 2012.

For further information go to www .auckland.ac.nz/opportunities

The University has an equity policy and welcomes applications from all qualified persons.

The University is committed to meeting its obligations under the Treaty of Waitangi and achieving equity outcomes 
for staff and students.

U of Haifa

English 
Lang & Lit, Mt Carmel Haifa 31 905 Israel

http://english.haifa.ac.il

Open-rank tenure-track position in literature 17185

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14751

Israeli open-rank tenure-track fellowship:

The Department of English 
at the University of Haifa, Israel, invites applications from Israeli citizens of all ethnic and 
religious sectors to be nominated for an open-rank tenure-track fellowship—“Allon”, “Maof” or “Yad-Hanadiv”.

These fellowships are awarded and administered by the Israeli Council of Higher Education and the Humanities 
Fund, and designed to facilitate the absorption of outstanding scholars in tenure-track academic positions.

The successful applicant will be initially granted a 3-year university fellowship with full faculty privileges and responsibilities, 
and is guaranteed subsequent tenure evaluation by the University.

Candidates holding a Ph.D. with teaching experience and an excellent record of publications should submit a cover 
letter, a CV including the names of three referees, and a brief research profile. Preference would be given to candidates 
specializing in Poetry, or Drama, or Early Modern Literature.

Application materials or queries should be sent to Dr. Ayelet Ben-Yishai, head of the Search Committee: abenyishai@ 
univ .haifa.ac.il or posted c/o The Department of English 
University of Haifa, Mount Carmel, Haifa 31905, Israel.

The Deadline for receipt of applications is October 10, 2012.

U of Warwick

English 
and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United Kingdom

http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/services/humanresources/jobsintro/

Assistant Professor in Modern and Contemporary World Literature 17278

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14825

The Department of English 
and Comparative Literary Studies invites applications for an Assistant Professor in 
Modern and Contemporary World Literatures. The field is open within the broad areas designated by the descriptors 
'modern', 'contemporary' and 'world', but we would particularly welcome applications from colleagues engaged 
in the recent and emergent discussions about world literature and the world literary system, new forms of literary 
comparativism, and the relation of these to debates around the nature of modernity and 'the contemporary'.

You will undertake advanced research and reasonable teaching as required. You will also carry out regular and routine 
administration on behalf of the department and its students.

You will possess a PhD or equivalent, and will have an emergent or already established international standing in an 
appropriate field of study in English 
and Comparative Literatures; appropriate level of teaching experience. [R]



U of Warwick

English 
and Comparative Literary Studies, Coventry CV4 7AL United Kingdom

http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/services/humanresources/jobsintro/

Reader in Modern and Contemporary World Literatures 17277

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14824

The Department of English 
and Comparative Literary Studies invites applications for a Reader in Modern and 
Contemporary World Literatures. The field is open within the broad areas designated by the descriptors 'modern', 
'contemporary' and 'world', but we would particularly welcome applications from colleagues engaged in the recent 
and emergent discussions about world literature and the world literary system, new forms of literary comparativism, 
and the relation of these to debates around the nature of modernity and 'the contemporary'.

You will undertake advanced research and reasonable teaching as required. You will also carry out regular and routine 
administration on behalf of the department and its students.

You will possess a PhD or equivalent and will have an established international standing in an appropriate field of 
study in English 
and Comparative Literatures, as well as an appropriate level of teaching experience. [R]

Yonsei U

Underwood International College, 134 Shinchon-dong, Sudaemun-ku Seoul 120–749 KR

http://uic.yonsei.ac.kr

two-year teaching fellowship 17215

Apply to this position at https://www.interfolio.com/apply/14752

The Underwood International College of Yonsei University invites applications for 10 two-year renewable Underwood 
teaching fellowships with rank of Assistant Professor. All teaching will be at the International Campus in 
Songdo, Incheon, located within the greater Seoul metropolitan region. Successful candidates will be principally 
responsible for conducting discussion sections in the first-year humanities curriculum, but will also have the opportunity 
to teach small writing-intensive seminars on subjects of their choosing and other core courses within 
the common curriculum depending on area of expertise. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in literature, history 
(including history of science), philosophy, classics, art history, rhetoric, or other humanistic disciplines, with a 
specialization 
in either Eastern or Western traditions, have strong research credentials, and be firmly committed to 
liberal-arts undergraduate education. Applicants must have degree in hand by beginning of appointment. Applicants 
must either be non-Korean citizens, or have completed all post-secondary education outside of Korea.

Teaching requirements are 9–12 credit-hours per semester, with one or two separate preparations. Compensation 
includes competitive salary, health insurance and other benefits. Qualified candidates may have the option of serving 
as residential advisors, receiving fully-subsidized housing. The starting date is either March or September 2013.

Yonsei University's Underwood International College is a highly competitive program at South Korea's most prestigious 
private university, and combines the intimate atmosphere and low student-faculty ratio of a liberal arts college 
with the resources of a major research university. All instruction is in English, 
and the student body represents 
over 40 different countries.

Interested applicants should submit a letter of application, dissertation abstract, c.v. and a statement of teaching philosophy 
before Nov. 15th by email: (uic@ yonsei.ac.kr). Short-listed candidates will be asked to submit 3 letters of 
recommendation, a writing sample, a sample syllabus for a first-year seminar, and teaching portfolio. For additional 
information, please contact Prof. Anthony Adler (aadler@ yonsei.ac.kr). Prospective applicants are also encouraged 
to look at our website at http:// uic .yonsei.ac.kr. [R]



POSTDOCTORAL LISTINGS

Brandeis U

English, 
PO Box 549110, 415 South St MS 023 Waltham MA 02454

http://www.brandeis.edu/departments/english/

Florence Levy Kay Fellowship in Film and the Digital Humanities 17365

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15167

Brandeis University invites applications for a two-year, non-renewable Florence Levy Kay Fellowship in Film and 
the Digital Humanities, beginning Fall 2013. This interdisciplinary appointment will be shared between the Department 
of English 
and Film, Television and Interactive Media. The Fellow, who will be appointed as a faculty 
member at the rank of lecturer, will actively pursue his or her own research interests and teach one course per 
semester. Ph.D. must be in hand by September 2013. We are particularly interested in candidates with expertise 
in film and any of the following fields as they relate to the digital humanities: (i) the history of consciousness; (ii) 
print culture and the history of the book; (iii) globalization; (iv) the construction of class, racial, sexual, and gender 
identities.

The position, which is benefits eligible, has a salary of $55,903 for the 2013–14 academic year and includes a research 
fund of $4000/year.

Applications will be accepted electronically through Interfolio at the above link. Please include letter of interest addressed 
to Paul Morrison, Search Chair, CV, brief description of research project, and three letters of recommendation. 
Brandeis University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual 
community, and strongly encourages applications from women and minority candidates. Applications must be received 
by Thursday, November 1, 2012. [R]

Massachusetts Inst of Technology

School of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences, Bldg E-51 255 77 Massachusetts Ave Cambridge MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 17655

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15844

The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) seeks applications for the Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the 
Humanities. Two Mellon fellows will be selected for two-year appointments, effective July 1, 2013. Fellows will 
teach one course in Spring 2014 and one per semester the following year. Applicants must have received a Ph.D. 
between July 1, 2010 and July 1, 2013. The successful candidates’ work will be truly interdisciplinary in nature, 
within the humanities, or bridging from the humanities with other disciplines.

Detailed information regarding application materials and how to apply can be found here: http:// shass .mit .edu/ 
graduate/ mellon_ postdoctoral_ fellowship

Applications can be submitted starting on September 1st, 2012, and must be received no later than January 15th, 
2013. Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. Fellows will be announced in March 2013.

For more information please contact Britta Bell at shass-mellon@ mit .edu or at 671.715.4525.

MIT is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer


U of California, Los Angeles

Royce Humanities Group, Royce Hall, Room 212 Box 951539 Los Angeles CA 90095

http://mellon.humanities.ucla.edu/

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities 17352

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15114



The Division of Humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, is currently accepting applications for 
the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities “Cultures in Transnational Perspective”. We 
expect to appoint two or more fellows for a 1-year term in the Fall of 2013, potentially renewable for a second year, 
pending funding. Fellows must have earned their doctoral degree no earlier than January 2008 and no later than 
June 2013. The Mellon Fellowship provides a salary of $56,000 a year plus benefits, a one-time moving allowance 
of $1,500, and a research budget of $3,500. All fellows will have the title of Visiting Assistant Professor and will be 
housed in relevant home departments for which they teach two courses. Appointments begin on July 1, 2013 and 
visas/ work authorizations must be effective by that date. Fellows are required to be in residence during fall, winter 
and spring quarters and participate in the monthly Mellon Seminars and annual Mellon Conference, as well as the 
on-going intellectual life of their home departments. Fellows will also write a progress report due on June 15th 
of each year of residence. Designed to explore the emerging field of Transnational Studies, the aim of the Mellon 
Program at UCLA is to broaden the study of minority cultures from its national focus to global and comparative 
perspectives. We seek innovative scholarship that explores minority cultures as major components of world culture 
and history, generated by immigrant and minority writers, artists, filmmakers, playwrights, and musicians residing 
in metropolitan centers across the world and thereby reshaping the canons of literature, art, and music in their 
respective countries. To apply, please visit our website at http:// mellon .humanities .ucla .edu/. All application materials 
are due by December 3, 2012 (please note new application deadline). The program is co-chaired by Professors 
Françoise Lionnet (French and Francophone Studies; Comparative Literature) and Shu-mei Shih (Asian Languages 
and Cultures; Comparative Literature).

U of Chicago

The College, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637

http://fellows.uchicago.edu

Collegiate Assistant Professor 17326

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15088

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows is now accepting applications for four-year postdoctoral teaching 
appointments as Harper and Schmidt Fellows who hold the rank of Collegiate Assistant Professor. The Fellows are 
members of the College Faculty whose primary responsibility is to teach in the general education (Core) program.

Core courses in the Humanities typically deal with fundamental issues and texts in history, philosophy, and literature. 
Currently, the Core is organized into seven year-long sequences: Readings in World Literature; Human 
Being and Citizen; Greek Thought and Literature; Philosophical Perspectives on the Humanities; Media Aesthetics; 
Reading Cultures; and Language and the Human. For a description of these sequences see: https:// fellows 
.uchicago .edu/ humanities .shtml

Core courses in the Social Sciences explore, on the basis of significant works, the fundamental concepts and the 
different modes of inquiry that have defined the social sciences in the modern period. Currently, Fellows teach in 
four of the year-long sequences into which the Core is organized: Self, Culture and Society; Classics of Social and 
Political Thought; and Power, Identity, and Resistance; and Social Science Inquiry. For a description of these sequences 
see: https:// fellows .uchicago .edu/ social_ sciences .shtml

Some Fellows also teach in the History of European Civilization Core sequence. European Civilization is taught 
on the basis of intensive readings of significant primary source documents.

For a description of the sequence see: https:// fellows .uchicago .edu/ history .shtml

The positions are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization who will have completed all requirements 
for their Ph.D. degree no later than August 31, 2013. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in their original 
scholarship as well as in teaching.

In most years, Fellows teach two courses (usually of identical preparation) for each of three quarters. Each Fellow 
also has the opportunity to design an independent course and each is eligible for one quarter of research sabbatical 
in the third year of residence. The annual salary for 2013–14 will be $61,000. The effective date for these teaching 
appointments is September 1, 2013.



To apply for these positions, please see our web site at http:// fellows .uchicago .edu. The web site will be available to 
accept applications beginning September 10, 2012.

On line applications must be completed by Thursday, November 1, 2012.

Letters of recommendation must be submitted online or received in a dossier by Thursday,November 15, 2012.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO IS AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
EMPLOYER

U of Toronto

English, 
170 St George Street, Rm 607 Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada

http://humanities.utoronto.ca

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 17314

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15112

The Jackman Humanities Institute at the University of Toronto seeks 3 Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellows 
for a two-year appointment 2013–2015 with research relevant to the 2013–14 theme:

Translation and the Multiplicity of Languages

What are the implications of knowing more than one language? From mythic reflections on the Tower of Babel 
through contemporary philosophical reflections on the question of translation, the multiplicity of languages has been 
an ongoing focus of inquiry. How is translation possible, both in the specific sense of translating speech or texts, but 
also in the larger sense of bringing meaning from one system to another, including from speech to writing? How do 
we conceive of languages of music, as well as song; icons and symbols as well as scripts? How best can we interpret 
the exchanges between languages in a world of multilingual interactions? In the ancient Near East, for example, a 
number of written bilingual texts sometimes reflect a local language and lingua franca, other times reflect a political 
orientation and appeasement or defiance. Translation between cultures and languages produce unintended results, 
often creating new originals. Amidst these multiple languages, what is the impact of the untranslatable?

Fellowships begin 1 July 2013. Eligibility: Ph.D. awarded between 1 July 2010 and 30 May 2013.

Apply at www .humanities .utoronto.ca by 1 December 2012

1. userID registration

2. online application form (click Funding, select Postdoctoral Fellowships)

3. Uploads:

a. 2–4 page letter of application explaining the link(s) between your research and the 2013–2014 theme, outlining 
the research to be undertaken during the fellowship

b. full curriculum vitae

c. published work, dissertation chapter, or work in progress (not to exceed 25–30 pages)

d. 2–4 page statement of teaching interests including course proposals.

4. Names and emails of 3 references

Electronic applications submitted online only (no paper, faxes, or email submissions). [R]

Valparaiso U

Lilly Fellows Program, Linwood House Valparaiso IN 46383

http://www.lillyfellows.org

Residential Postdoctoral Fellowship 17304

Apply to this position at https://secure.interfolio.com/apply/15110



We offer up to three two-year residential postdoctoral teaching fellowships in the areas of Humanities and the Arts 
for 2013–2015 for scholars seriously considering academic vocations in church related institutions. Ph.D., D.M.A., 
D.F.A., M.F.A., or equivalent terminal degree must have been received within 20 months up to and including August 
2013. Fellows will teach seven courses over a two year period, engage in scholarship or creative work, participate 
in a two year colloquium, work with a VU faculty mentor, and interact with representatives from a national 
network of church related institutions. Faculty privileges, $46,800 stipend per year plus benefits, professional fund. 
For more information, visit www .lillyfellows .org and go to “Postdoctoral Fellows Program” or call 219-464-5317. 
Application deadline: November 1, 2012. EOA/AA



