Modern Language Association 

J 

Job
Information 

List 

I 

L 

eNGLISH Edition • OCTO BER 2007 

Contents 

Accessing the Electronic JIL......... inside front cover 

Information for Candidates..................................... i 

Sources of Information for Job Candidates ......... iii 

Advice to Search Committee Members and Job 
Seekers on Faculty Recruitment and Hiring..... iv 

Checklist for Job Seekers........................................ vi 

Dos and Don’ts for MLA Convention 
Interviews.......................................................... viii 

List of Administrations Censured by 
the AAUP .............................................................. x 

MLA Statement on the Use of Part-Time and Full- 
Time Adjunct Faculty.......................................... xi 

Departmental Job Listings
US Colleges and Universities................................ 1
Canadian Institutions......................................... 101
Overseas Institutions.......................................... 106
Department Chairs and Other Administration..... 108
Comparative Literature..................................... 113
Linguistics and ESL............................................ 115
Nonacademic Listings........................................ 119
Postdoctoral Listings.......................................... 119


Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 

Subscription Information 

The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The List 
is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all other areas; delivery 
should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are projected dates only and 
are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 

October issue 15 October 2007 
December issue 14 November 2007 
February issue 15 February 2008
April issue 14 April 2008 

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 



Accessing the Electronic JIL 

All access to search the online version of the Job Information List is now through membership in 
either the Association of Departments of English (ADE) or the Association of Departments of Foreign 
Languages (ADFL). 

Access to search the JIL is free to graduate students and faculty members in departments that 
are members of the ADE or the ADFL. If your department is a member, it can provide you with 
the department ID and password to log in at the ADE or ADFL Web site. When you log in, you 
will be asked to create your own personal login information for searching the JIL at that site. 

MLA members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments can also log in to search the JIL at 
the MLA Web site with their MLA-member user name and password. No additional user name or 
password is required. 

Individuals without an academic affiliation or whose departments are not currently members of 
the ADE or the ADFL can access the JIL by becoming affiliate members of the ADE or the ADFL. 
Like students and faculty members in ADE- and ADFL-member departments, ADE and ADFL affiliate 
members receive access to the online archive of the ADE or the ADFL Bulletins as well as 
rights to search the JIL database over the Internet. (Print versions of the JIL are no longer available 
to individuals.) Dues for affiliate memberships are $40 for MLA members and $65 for nonmembers 
and are refundable on request to those whose departments become members of the ADE or the 
ADFL within the membership period, which runs from September to August. Affiliate memberships 
must be purchased online with a credit card and are for the use of a single individual only. 

WRD–Daily (JIL folder) File: JIL_C2_DEC04_P1T1 Job Number: 130-20 10/15/04–JF 

Bembo–description: 10/12; Dante–address: 10/12, position: 10/12 it, institution: 10/12 bd, 1Head: 20/24 bd Sc, NVInstitution: 10/12 bd, NVaddress: 10/12, Issuedate: 24/52 




Information for Candidates 

The October List contains information on vacancies from departments of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics in US 
and Canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises. The listings 
describe approximately 610 definite or possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies, comments on 
notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position 
has been filled), and notices from departments that expect no vacancies 
but would nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this 
time. Send letters only to departments expressing an interest in a 
person with your qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies 
are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file 
of prospective candidates, you must decide in each case whether it 
is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main body 
of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading, with occasional 
cross-referencing to items in the main body of the List that might also 
be of interest. Candidates should read through the main body carefully, 
however, since the cross-referencing is not exhaustive. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to 
any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita 
sheet to enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter 
of application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed 
at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide 
a convenient opportunity for such interviews (see list of upcoming 
meetings below). 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys 
indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language departments 
have begun recruiting by the end of December and that 
the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting process 
until spring, in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices in their 
departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, candidates 
are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the 
MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications for announced positions either by letter 
or by self-addressed postcards provided by applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive Council 
in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for the cost 
of such shipment; and 

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their writing samples and other 
materials; and 

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 

Professional Meetings 

In addition to the MLA convention (27–30 December 2007, Chicago), 
candidates in English, foreign languages, comparative literature, 
and linguistics may be interested in the following regional meetings. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association (RMMLA) 

4–6 October 2007 

Westin Calgary Hotel, Calgary, Alberta 

Inquiries Secretariat at Washington State Univ., Pullman 99164 (509 
335-4198; rmmla@wsu.edu) 

South Central Modern Language Association (SCMLA) 

1–3 November 2007 

The Hilton, Memphis, TN 

Inquiries SCMLA Membership Secretary, Department of Languages, 
Literatures, and Linguistics, Univ. of Oklahoma, 780 Van Vleet 
Oval, Room 202, Norman, OK 73019 (405 325-6011; fax: 405 
325-3720; scmla@ou.edu) 

Midwest Modern Language Association (MMLA) 

8–11 November 2007 

Renaissance Cleveland Hotel, Cleveland, OH 

Inquiries Kathleen Diffley, 302 English and Philosophy Bldg., Univ. 
of Iowa, Iowa City, IA 52242-1408 (319 335-0331; fax: 319 
335-3123; mmla@uiowa.edu) 

Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA) 

2–3 November 2007 

Western Washington Univ., Bellingham, WA 

Inquiries Salah Khan, 4311 SE 29th Ave., Portland, OR 97202 

South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA) 

9–11 November 2007 

Renaissance Atlanta Hotel, Atlanta, GA 

Inquiries SAMLA, Dept. of English, Georgia State Univ., GCB923, 
Atlanta, 
GA 30303 (404 651-2693; samla@samla.org) 

ii ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2007 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Sources of Information 

for Job Candidates in English 

Prepared by Susan Belasco Smith, University of Tulsa 

For General Advice and Background Reading 

Bay, Libby. “Teaching in the Community College: Rerouting a Career.” 
ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 27–29. 

Deneef, A. Leigh, Craufurd D. Goodwin, and Ellen Stern McCrate, eds. 
The Academic’s Handbook. Durham: Duke UP, 1988. 

Dubrow, Heather. “A World Elsewhere: Teaching in a Liberal Arts 
College.” ADE Bulletin 103 (1992): 38–44. 

Green, Eleanor. “The Job Search: Observations of a Reader of 177 
Letters of Application.” ADE Bulletin 113 (1996): 50–52. 

Gregory, Marshall. “From PhD Program to BA College; or, The 
Sometimes Hard Journey from Life in the Carrel to Life in the 
World.” ADE Bulletin 107 (1994): 20–24. 

Hanawalt, Jean Allen, and Thomas Trzyna. “Applying to Teach at a 
Christian College.” ADE Bulletin 79 (1984): 46–47. 

Malek, James S. “Caveat Emptor; or, How Not to Get Hired at DePaul.” 
ADE Bulletin 92 (1989): 33–36. 

Mangum, Teresa. “Identity and Economics; or, The Job Placement 
Procedural.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 19–24. For an additional 
bibliography on the job search, see Mangum’s Selected List of 
Works Consulted (23–24). 

Showalter, English, et al. The MLA Guide to the Job Search. 1985. Rev. 
ed. New York: MLA, 1996. 

Sledge, Linda Ching. “The Community College Scholar.” ADE Bulletin 
83 (1986): 9–11. 

Thomas, Trudelle. “Demystifying the Job Search: A Guide for Candidates.” 
CCC 40 (1989): 312–27. 

Timmerman, John H. “Advice to Candidates.” College English 50 
(1988): 748–51. 

See also “Special Topic on the Job Market,” Profession 94 (New 
York: MLA, 1994) 57–105, for a collection of essays by Erik D. 
Curren, 
Marta Caminero-Santangelo, Lydia Belatèche, Linda M. 
Lemiesz, Judith 
Pascoe, Gordon Hutner, Robert C. Holub, and Bettina 
J. Huber; “Special Section: The Job Search in English,” ADE 
Bulletin 111 (1995): 4–27; and “The MLA’s 1993–94 Survey of PhD 
Placement,” MLA Newsletter 27.4 (1995): 1–3 and ADE Bulletin 112 
(1995): 40–51. 

For Job Openings 

Chronicle of Higher Education. Published weekly (except in August and 
December). In addition to listing openings under such categories 
as “English,” “Women’s Studies,” or “Writing,” many two- and 
four-year institutions take out large ads that include all their available 
positions. The Chronicle also lists openings in administration, at 
foundations and associations, and occasionally in private secondary 
schools. 

MLA Job Information List. Published four times a year. Four-year institutions 
are more likely than two-year colleges to list openings 
here. 

For Information about American Colleges and 
Universities 

Atwell, Robert, and David Pierce, eds. American Community Colleges: A 
Guide. 10th ed. Phoenix: Oryx, 1995. A state-by-state guide with 
extensive commentary on each institution. 

Barron’s Profiles of American Colleges. 23rd ed. New York: Barron’s, 
1998. Comprehensive, informative guide to four-year, accredited 
colleges; rates selectiveness of admissions. 

Cass, James, and Max Birnbaum. Comparative Guide to American 
Colleges. 15th ed. New York: Harper, 1991. An alphabetical, narrative 
guide to four-year institutions. 

The College Blue Book. 27th ed. 5 vols. New York: Macmillan, 1999. 
The most useful volume is Narrative Descriptions, a state-bystate 
listing of two- and four-year colleges, complete with maps. 

Insider’s Guide to the Colleges, 2000: Students from Coast to Coast Tell What 
Their Colleges Are Really Like. Comp. Yale Daily News staff. 26th ed. 
New York: St. Martin’s, 1999. A sometimes irreverent alternative 
source of information on 300 colleges. 

For Foreign Colleges and Universities 

Commonwealth Universities Yearbook 

International Handbook of Universities 

Both are published every three years in New York by Macmillan. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Advice to Search Committee Members and Job Seekers on 

Faculty Recruitment and Hiring 

Prepared by the MLA Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities 

I. General Principles 

1. Everyone in the profession benefits when job searches go well. 
Timely, open communication can ensure an atmosphere of collegiality 
between departments and candidates, even when the job market 
is tight or institutional circumstances are uncertain. Departments help 
to create such an atmosphere when they recognize how vulnerable 
candidates may feel during a job search; candidates help when they 
recognize that departments may be affected by institutional policies 
largely beyond their control. Problems arising during a job search 
may lead to impressions that damage individuals or institutions; however, 
professional conduct by all parties involved in a job search may 
prevent such problems and can only be beneficial to all. 

2. All job candidates should be treated equitably. Throughout 
any search for new faculty members, departments should adhere 
to nondiscrimination 
and affirmative action guidelines, taking 
particular care not to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnic 
or national origin, religion, disability, age, gender, or sexual orientation. 
The principles of confidentiality should be respected by all 
parties. 

II. Advertising and Initial Screening 

1. Advertisements for an opening should be as specific as possible 
about the availability of the opening (definite, likely, or possible), the 
type of appointment (tenure-track or non-tenure-track), minimum 
degree requirements, field(s) of expertise, minimum teaching experience, 
and any other requirements or criteria. 

2. Applicants should be allowed ample time to respond to advertisements 
of openings, and deadlines for applications should 
be specified whenever possible. Normally, applications should be 
accepted for at least twenty-one days after the announced publication 
date for a given issue of the Job Information List (about 15 
October, 15 November, 15 February, and 15 April). Care should be 
taken to inform applicants of the department’s projected timetable 
for making decisions about interviews at the MLA convention, 
and applicants should be kept informed of their status following 
the initial screening. 

3. Applications submitted in response to announcements 
should be acknowledged promptly and courteously in writing (if 
possible, within two weeks), and care should be taken to inform 
applicants of their status following the initial screening. Acting on 
a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the MLA 
Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications 
for announced positions either 
by letter or by self-addressed 
postcards provided by applicants. 

III. Preparing Applications 

1. The candidate should prepare a dossier, including a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, transcript(s), and letters of recommendation, 
by the end of September, before the October issue of the Job 
Information List. It is the candidate’s responsibility to make sure that 
all requested materials are supplied. 

2. For the purpose of initial screening, a letter of application 
and dossier should normally suffice. To save all parties time and 
money, the committee recommends that departments request 
writing samples and other material only after a preliminary list of 
candidates has been chosen. 

IV. Setting Up MLA Interviews 

1. Candidates should realize that the department advertising in 
the Job Information List normally expects candidates to attend the 
MLA convention for screening interviews. Candidates who do not 
attend the convention may therefore be at a disadvantage. In such 
cases a telephone interview may be an appropriate alternative. Departments 
and candidates should realize that convention attendance 
is generally the most efficient and least expensive way to conduct 
interviews. Departments should make every effort to be represented 
at the convention by at least one member of the search committee. 

2. Departments need to be able to reach candidates quickly 
between 1 and 24 December. Candidates who travel in December 
should supply departments with complete itineraries including 
telephone numbers. Because of the expenses related to convention 
attendance, departments should notify all candidates, including 
those not invited for interviews, of their status as early as 
possible. 

3. Candidates applying from outside North America should 
have a contact in the United States to receive mail and messages. 
Since few departments 
have resources to bring candidates to 
on-campus interviews from outside North America, candidates 
who reside abroad should determine arrangements for any oncampus 
interviews during MLA convention interviews. 

iv ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2007 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



4. To be sure that candidates can get the information they need to 
keep interview appointments at the convention, a department chair 
or search committee chair should stop by the job center soon after 
checking into a hotel, fill out the appropriate forms, and then check 
the “Who’s Where” listing for accuracy. 

5. Departments need to be sure candidates know where the 
interview is taking place. The Job Information Center is set up to 
provide this information. If you plan to use the convention interview 
area, you need to sign in with the Job Information Center and 
hand in your schedule. If you are interviewing in a hotel room, remember 
that the hotel switchboard personnel are not authorized to 
disclose room numbers. You can register your room number and a 
list of interviewees with the Job Information Center, so that your 
room number will be given out only to the candidates with whom 
your department has set up appointments. Departments scheduled 
to begin interviewing on the first afternoon of the convention may 
need to arrive the day before, to avoid missing appointments because 
of travel delays or delays in checking into hotels. 

6. Departments and candidates should plan realistically and adhere 
closely to schedules. When arranging interviews, candidates should 
leave as much time as possible between appointments, keeping in 
mind that they may have to deal with crowded elevators, slow meal 
service, or delayed shuttle buses. Departments should remember that 
interviews that run late may prevent candidates from keeping other 
appointments and that one instance of lateness can multiply into a 
whole series of missed or delayed interviews. 

7. Whether held on or off campus, in person or by telephone, 
interviews should be conducted in a professional manner, permitting 
candidates adequate opportunity to explain and demonstrate their 
qualifications. Candidates and departments should review “Dos and 
Don’ts for Interviews,” by Herbert Lederer, revised in 1995 by CAFPRR 
and reprinted each October in the Job Information List. 

8. Interviewers should make every effort to accommodate candidates 
with disabilities. 

V. Interviewing on Campus 

1. Departments inviting candidates for on-campus interviews 
should pay candidates’ expenses, following standard institutional policies 
for travel reimbursement. Candidates should be told approximately 
how many others are being invited for on-campus interviews. 

2. On-campus interviews represent a large investment of time and 
money for departments; therefore, candidates should not accept oncampus 
interviews if they are not seriously interested in the position. 
Before traveling to a campus, candidates should thoroughly research 
the department’s faculty and programs. Candidates should find out 
what salary range and teaching load have been established for the 
position and should decide in advance what their own minimum 
requirements are. It is important that candidates also determine in 
advance whether their decisions may be influenced by special circumstances 
that should be communicated to the chair. 

3. A department that invites a candidate to interview on its 
campus has an obligation to (a) arrange the logistics of the candidate’s 
stay (local transportation, lodging—including disability 
accommodations, meals); (b) set up interviews with faculty members 
and administrators; (c) provide a tour of the campus and its 
facilities; (d) provide adequate information about the department, 
the university, and the community; (e) plan social activities for 
the candidate; and (f) inform the candidate of the procedures and 
timetable for reimbursement. 

4. Members of departments and search committees should not 
discuss other candidates with a visiting candidate. 

VI. Negotiating an Offer 

1. To minimize misunderstanding and anxiety during negotiations 
about offers, departments should establish ground rules in advance 
and let candidates know what these are before any offers are made. 
Departments should communicate with candidates regularly and 
openly about the status of the search process. All parties should be 
aware that, especially in times of fiscal uncertainty, circumstances beyond 
the institution’s control may delay or disrupt the hiring process. 


2. No candidate should be required before 22 January to give a 
final answer to an offer of a position without tenure for the following 
academic year. After 22 January, candidates should normally be 
allowed two weeks to give a final answer to a formal offer. 

The committee welcomes comments and suggestions from members. Direct 
correspondence to Staff Liaison, Committee on Academic Freedom and 
Professional Rights and Responsibilities, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New 
York, NY 10004-1789. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Checklist for Job Seekers 

The MLA Committee on Careers offers this checklist as an aid for first-time job seekers and as a guide for graduate departments 
about ways they can facilitate the placement of their graduates. As an association, the MLA has a vital interest in establishing 
procedures and practices that make the job search as effective and professional as possible. 

Prepreparation 

. Have you completed your dissertation? If not, do you have a realistic 
schedule for completing it? 

. Have you defined the kind(s) of institution(s) where you would 
like to teach? 

. Have you informed yourself about the job market? Have you 
consulted, for example, the Job Information List, the Chronicle 
of Higher Education, and the ADE Bulletin or ADFL Bulletin 
about the job situation? 

. Have you spoken to recently hired faculty members about their 
experiences in the job market? 

. Have you been realistic in defining the kinds of specialized 
courses you are qualified to teach? Have you articulated what 
you have to offer as a scholar and a teacher? What are the limits 
of the jobs for which you really qualify? 

. Have you spoken to one or more of the following persons about 
the job search: your department placement officer, your department 
graduate adviser, your dissertation adviser, your department 
placement committee, other faculty members who know 
you well and who have shown interest in your work? 

. Have you requested from your department or placement office 
standardized forms for your letters of recommendation? 

. Have you requested letters from three to five faculty members 
who feel positively about you and who know your course work, 
dissertation, and teaching? 

. Have you given your referees sufficient information about your 
record and at least several weeks to prepare their letters of recommendation? 


. Have you estimated the costs of the job search? Although costs 
will vary, it is reasonable to expect to spend at least $700 for 
travel, lodging, food, and incidentals when attending the MLA 
convention. Remember too that you will have duplicating and 
postage expenses, fees charged by the placement office for sending 
your dossier, long-distance phone charges, and expenses for 
purchase or rental of a telephone answering machine to receive 
calls before and after the convention. Although you should expect 
to be reimbursed for travel to on-campus interviews, you 
will probably have to pay airfare in advance. It is a good idea to 
establish credit and acquire a credit card if possible. When you 
are called for an on-campus interview, be sure to ask whether your 
expenses will be reimbursed. 

. Have you requested a mock interview? If your department does 
not regularly schedule mock interviews for job candidates, have 
you discussed with several faculty members the kinds of questions 
you can expect to be asked and issues to be discussed? 

. Have you considered requesting disability-related accommodations 
to facilitate your interview? 

The MLA Convention 

. Have you planned your interview schedule for the MLA convention, 
making sure that you have allowed enough time to get from 
one hotel to another? 

. Do you have the information you need about the school and the 
department to which you have applied (e.g., course offerings, 
college and university requirements, faculty members)? 

. Have you reviewed the list of “dos and don’ts” for interviewees? 

The On-Campus Interview 

. Have you determined beforehand the schedule of your visit and the 
meetings you will be asked to take part in? Have you asked the department 
to add things to your itinerary (e.g., a tour of the library, a 
meeting with students) that were not originally scheduled? 

. Have you inquired in advance of your trip whether you will be 
reimbursed for expenses you incur for the on-campus interview? 
Have you done careful research beforehand about the faculty 
and curriculum of the school you will be visiting? 

. Will you be required to make a formal presentation to faculty 
and/or students while on campus? If so, have you carefully prepared 
this presentation? Are you prepared to discuss your dissertation 
in detail? 

. Have you received all the information you will need in order to 
make a decision if offered a job—information about salary, fringe 
benefits, moving expenses, tenure policies, any other terms of the 
contract, and the amount of time you will have to consider the 
offer? 

. Have you informed the department of any necessary disability- 
related 
accommodations to facilitate your interview? 

vi ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2007 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



After an Offer Is Made 

. Are you well informed about the general financial health of the 
college or university, its enrollment trends, its support for the 
humanities, 
the distribution of majors, and the faculty members in 
your discipline? 

. Are you clear about what your own teaching responsibilities will 
be? Do you know what your course load and approximate class 
sizes will be? 

. Do your research interests have a clear place in the department? 
Have you asked about support for your research, including the 
availability of grants, sabbatical and released time? 

. Do you know the cr iter ia and procedures for tenure and 
promotion? 


. Do you have an informed opinion about the advantages and disadvantages 
of living in the city or town where the college or university 
is located? Have you asked, for example, about housing, 
the cost of living, cultural and social opportunities, local politics, 
and public schools? 

. You should not be required to respond before 22 January to an 
offer of a position without tenure for the following academic 
year. If you receive an offer between 22 January and the middle 
of the summer, you should be allowed two weeks to make a decision. 
But once you have definitely made up your mind about 
an offer, you should accept or reject it immediately: keep in mind 
that other candidates will be affected by your decision. 

Things to Remember If You Don’t Get an Offer 

. The hiring season is not over in January; only the first wave has 
passed by then. 

. While many offers are made in January, an offer in February does 
not necessarily mean that you are a second choice. It may mean 
that the department has had to wait a month to reconvene its 
search committee or receive final approval for funding. 

. You may be on the market too early. The department may not 
have been convinced that you will actually finish your dissertation 
by the time specified. 

. You may have pinned your hopes on too narrow a selection of 
schools. 

. You can still inquire about your status at places where you have 
interviewed. You may still be on their lists. 

. New jobs open up after the MLA convention. Keep reading the 
Job Information List through the summer supplement and consult 
the advertisements in the Chronicle of Higher Education and 
other professional publications. 

. There will be another job market next year. Start preparing for it 
now. The current search will have given you valuable experience. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST vii 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Dos and Don’ts 

for MLA Convention Interviews 

by Herbert Lederer, University of Connecticut 
with revisions by Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, 1995 

The job interview is an event that has caused sufficient anxiety for both interviewer and interviewee to prompt a number 
of publications dealing with the topic. In recent years, concern about discrimination in the hiring process has led to a heightened 
awareness of the possibility of discriminatory intent in the questions asked by interviewers. In order to facilitate the conduct of 
interviews arranged through the MLA Job Information Service, guidelines have been developed for both interviewers and job 
candidates. 

Do 

Schedule interviews at reasonable times and allow for adequate time 

Leave time between interviews for notes 

Read all the information your department has requested in advance 

Ensure freedom from interruption 

Introduce other department members present 

Establish and maintain a pleasant atmosphere 

Be polite and courteous 

Try to put candidate at ease 

Be aware of your own biases 

Ask specific questions 

Elicit all relevant information 

Maintain eye contact 

Ask appropriate questions; explore areas such as education, experience, 
special interests or skills, familiarity with textbooks, teaching 
methods, professional organizations, future expectations 

Discuss candidate’s attitude toward teaching and research in language 
and literature 

Elicit candidate’s interest in specific job 

Provide candidate with clear picture of job 

Explain operation of school and department 

Describe working conditions (course load, other duties, salary, fringes, 
etc.) 

Allow time for candidate’s questions 

Listen attentively 

Ask follow-up questions for clarification or further detail 

Inform candidate of probable time of decision 

Ask candidate’s permission to take notes 

Be on time 

Follow the Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines in meeting 
requests 
for accommodations 

Don’t 

Interview more than one candidate at a time 

Conduct major portion of interview during a meal 

Ask questions about age, marital status, children, religion, medical 
or disability status, sexual orientation, or national origin 

Display boredom 

Doodle 

Produce stress intentionally 

Argue with candidate 

Appear hostile to candidate 

Be patronizing 

Ask for information already in dossier 

Ask leading questions 

Ask yes-no questions if they can be avoided 

Get off on tangents 

Do all the talking 

Describe job in negative terms 

Oversell position 

Downgrade other institutions or candidates 

Tape-record or videotape 

Require candidates to come to campus at their own expense 

Make job offer until all interviews are concluded 

Assume that the candidate’s home institution makes him/her unsuitable 
for you 

The Interviewer 

vii ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2007 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



Do 

Review job specifications 

Inform yourself thoroughly about department and institution 

Prepare questions you want to ask (about, for example, teaching load, 
class size, number of majors, range of courses you will teach, library 
resources, etc.) 

Analyze your own strengths and weaknesses 

Request of your department some practice interviewing 

Familiarize yourself with widely used texts 

If possible, allow yourself an hour between interviews 

Be prepared to discuss approaches to languages and literature teaching 

Think about courses you would like to teach 

Be aware of nervousness 

Come on time and follow all the usual protocols of politeness 

Be polite and courteous 

Watch body language (your own and interviewer’s) 

Project interest and enthusiasm, speak up clearly, listen attentively, and 
avoid using terms such as “you know,” “like,” etc. 

Keep eye contact with interviewer 

Be prepared for aggressive questions 

Answer openly, directly, and honestly 

Be specific both in answers and in your own questions 

Inform institution if you receive and/or accept an offer elsewhere 

Try to demonstrate your language ability 

Bring out your strong points 

Talk about special features in your background, skills, experience, interests, 
and goals 

Summarize your qualifications for the job 

Find out when decisions will be made 

Write follow-up thank-you letter 

Be aware that it is your right to request specific accommodations to 
make the interview possible 

Don’t 

Be laconic or loquacious 

Be either apologetic or arrogant 

Appear opinionated or contentious 

Argue with interviewer 

Let yourself be intimidated 

Volunteer negative information 

Downgrade other candidates, jobs, or institutions 

Get off the track or ramble 

Overstay your welcome 

Ask about salary in a convention interview 

The Candidate 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST i x 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



List of Administrations Censured 

by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American Association 
of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a 
past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized principles of 
academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, the 
profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. Names are 
placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s Annual 
Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 
does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Association, 
nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in 
question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. Since 
circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not assert 
that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge that, 
before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office and 
prospective departmental colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. Reports 
were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in parentheses 
following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee A,” 
each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . 1963 

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . 1969 

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . 1975 

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . 1976 

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . 1978 

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . 1978 

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . 1980 

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . 1982 

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) . 1983 

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) . 1984 

Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . 1986 

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . 1987 

Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . 1987 

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . 1988 

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May-June 1989, 35–45) . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . 1990 

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . 1992 

Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . 1992 

Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . 1993 

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54–64) . 1993 

Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . 1993 

University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . 1994 

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . 1994 

Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . 1995 

Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . 1995 

St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 
41–46) . 1996 

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . 1997 

Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . 1998 

University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . 1998 

Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . 1998 

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . 1999 

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
(January-February 2000, 54–
63) . 2000 

Charleston Southern University (January-February 2001, 63–77) . 2001 

University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . 2002 

Philander Smith College (Arkansas) (January-February 2004, 57–68) . 2004 

Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . 2005 

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 
2004, 56–78) . 2005 

Our Lady of Holy Cross College (Louisiana) (January-February 2007, 
60–68) . 2007 

Bastyr University (Washington) (March-April 2007, 106–20) . 2007 

University of New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 74–80) . 2007 

Southern University at New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 
81–87) . 2007 

Loyola University New Orleans (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 
88–100) . 2007 

Tulane University (Louisiana) (May-June 2007, 101–08) . 2007 

 ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2007 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



MLA Statement on the Use of 

Part-Time and Full-Time 
Adjunct Faculty 

The following statement on the use of part-time and full-time adjunct faculty members was developed by an ad hoc committee of the 
Association of Departments of English and adopted by the MLA Executive Council in February 1994. 

The expansion of the adjunct ranks in language and literature departments 
over the past two decades threatens the integrity of the profession 
and instructional programs. The practice of hiring numerous 
adjunct faculty members year after year to teach courses required of 
large numbers of undergraduates undermines professional and educational 
standards and academic freedom. Although adjunct appointments 
can add significant dimensions to curricula and some individuals prefer 
to accept only adjunct appointments because of other commitments, 
few adjunct appointments are made for educationally sound reasons. 
Indeed, the primary motivation for most of these appointments is to 
reduce the cost of instruction. 

Adjunct faculty members fall into two groups: part-time instructors 
and non-tenure-track full-time instructors. The first group includes 
both instructors who are clearly temporary members of a 
department and instructors who teach from year to year and become 
virtually permanent. Members of the second group have full teaching 
loads but, as non-tenure-track faculty 
members, lack the institutional 
commitment given to their tenure-track colleagues. Graduate 
students are distinct from both groups. 

The conditions under which most adjunct teachers are employed 
define them as nonprofessionals. Often they are hired quickly, as lastminute 
replacements. They receive little recognition or respect for 
their contributions to their departments; almost always they are paid 
inequitably and receive no fringe benefits. 

Excessive reliance on an adjunct faculty can damage individual 
faculty members, students, institutions, and the profession. For the 
sake of an institution’s economic welfare, adjunct faculty members 
are often denied the security that adequate salary, health insurance, 
and professional status can provide. The institution, in turn, suffers 
through the creation of a two-tiered system in which faculty members 
have different responsibilities and expectations. 

In the light of these concerns, the MLA urges college and university 
administrators to make new and concerted efforts to eliminate 
excessive and irresponsible adjunct faculty appointments, to improve 
employment conditions for essential adjunct faculty members, and to 
recognize the professional status and important contributions of such 
teachers. 

The MLA offers the following guidelines for the employment of 
faculty 
members. 

Guidelines 

1. Each department should establish an appropriate limit on the 
number of adjunct faculty members in relation to the number of tenured 
or tenure-track faculty members and of graduate students serving 
as apprentice teachers. The norm in a department should be the 
tenured or tenure-track position. As tenured faculty members retire, 
they should be replaced by tenure-track faculty members. Departments 
that routinely assign a large part of undergraduate instruction 
to adjunct faculty members should reconsider their staffing practices. 

2. All adjunct faculty members should be treated as professionals. 
Each department should develop a set of guidelines for adjunct 
faculty employment. These guidelines may vary from institution to 
institution but should address the following concerns: 

a. Adjunct faculty members should be hired, reviewed, and 
given teaching assignments according to processes comparable to 
those established for the tenured or tenure-track faculty members. 

b. They should be given mailboxes, office space, and clerical 
support. 


c. They should receive adequate introduction to their teaching 
assignments, departments, and institutions. 

d. They should be paid equitable prorated salaries and should 
receive basic benefits such as health insurance. 

e. They should be eligible for incentives that foster professional 
development, including merit raises and funds for research 
and travel. 

f. As appropriate, they should participate in determining departmental 
and institutional policies. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST xi 

WRD–Documents (JIL folder) File: JIL English fm Oct 05.P1T3 Job Number: 130-20 9/1/05—JF 

Bembo–13/16 it, 10/12, 10/12 it, 8/10 w/ bd; DanteTitling MT–35/40 Sc, 20/30 Sc; Dante–12/12 bd, bhead: 11/12 it, 



October 2007 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see pp. i–ii). 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (OCT 07) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_OCT07_P3T2.indd Job #: 130-20 9/20/07–JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


Alabama 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor 827 

http://www.
auburn.edu/english 


The Department of English at Auburn University invites applications for 
a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in creative writing with a 
specialization in poetry, to begin Fall semester 2008. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments primarily in upper-division 
and graduate poetry courses (we offer an MA with a concentration in creative 
writing), but with some teaching in the core curriculum (freshman 
composition and sophomore world literature). 

Required qualifications include either an MFA or MA in English (creative 
writing) or a PhD in English by the August 16, 2008 starting date; 
a strong academic background; significant poetry publications, including 
poems in a range of reputable journals; evidence of successful teaching experience 
at the college or university level; evidence of potential for excellence 
in teaching in undergraduate and graduate creative writing courses; 
evidence of potential for successf ul writing, publication, and other professional/
creative 
activities; interest in teaching core curriculum courses 
in freshman composition, sophomore literature (especially world literature) 
and/or 
junior-level writing; and good potential as a colleague for 
taking part in the life and work of the department. The candidate selected 
for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements for work in 
the United States at the time the appointment is scheduled to begin and 
be able to communicate effectively in English. 

Desirable qualifications include publication of at least one book of poetry 
from a major university or commercial press; poetry publicati ons 
in major university journals or commercial presses; successful experience 
teaching creative writing at the college or university level; and successful 
experience teaching freshman composition, world literature, and/or 
junior-level writing. 

With approximately 23,500 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and PhD. Additional information is available on the 
departments web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2007, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor 828 

http://www.
auburn.edu/english 


The Department of English at Auburn University, located in Auburn, 
Alabama, invites applications for a tenure-track position as an Assistant 
Professor in creative writing with a specialization in fiction to begin Fall 
semester 2008. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments primarily in upper-division 
and graduate fiction or non-fiction writing courses (we offer an MA with 
a concentration in creative writing), but with some teaching in the core 
curriculum (freshman composition and sophomore world literature). 

Required qualifications include either an MFA or MA in English (creative 
writing) or a PhD in English by the August 16, 2008 starting date; a 
strong academic background; significant publications in fiction; evidence 
of successful teaching experience at the college or university level; evidence 
of potential for excellence in teaching in undergraduate and graduate 
creative writing courses; potential for successful professional/creative 
activities; interest in teaching core curriculum courses in freshman composition, 
sophomore literature (especially world literature) and/or 
juniorlevel 
writing; and good potential as a colleague for taking part in the life 
and work of the department. The candidate selected for this position must 
be able to meet eligibility requirements for work in the United States at 
the time the appointment is scheduled to begin and be able to communicate 
effectively in English. 

Desirable additional qualifications include publications in creative nonfiction; 
successful experience teaching fiction at the college or university 
level; successful experi ence and/or 
interest in teaching creative non-fiction; 
and successful experience teaching freshman composition, world literature, 
and/or 
junior-level writing. 

With approximately 23,500 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and PhD. Additional information is available on the 
departments web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2007, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 



ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2007 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (OCT 07) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_OCT07_P3T2.indd Job #: 130-20 9/20/07–JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor (or Advanced Assistant Professor) 835 

http://www.
auburn.edu/english 


The Department of English at Auburn University expects to make two 
appointments in 2008–09 for tenure-track positions as Assistant Professors 
in Technical and Professional Communication to begin Fall semester 
2008. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, and the successful applicants will join four tenured 
or tenure-track faculty in technical and professional communication 
and two in composition/rhetoric 
to teach graduate and undergraduate 
technical and professional communication courses in a large, supportive 
department. 

Required qualif ications include an earned doctorate in technical and 
professional communication, rhetoric, or a closely related area by the 
August 16, 2008 starting date (ABDs may be considered; however, appointment 
to the tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor 
requires the earned doctorate); broad knowledge of technical and professional 
communication, good potential for excellence in teaching underg 
raduate and graduate technical and professional communication courses 
and in contributing to our well-established Master of Technical and 
Professional Communication program and our undergraduate minor in 
technical and professional communication; a promising scholarly agenda, 
good potential for publication, and good potential as a colleague for taking 
part in the life and work of the department. The candidates selected 
for these positions must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work 
in the United States at the time appointments are scheduled to begin and 
be able to communicate effectively in English. In addition to meeting the 
required qualification s stated above, a candidate for appointment at the 
advanced Assistant Professor level must have at time of application at least 
two years of full-time experience in a tenure-track position in the field of 
technical and professional communication, a substantial record of highquality 
scholarly publication, and an ongoing research program. 

We are especially interested in innovative scholars at the entering or 
advanced Assistant level with the following desirable qualif ications: 
administrative 
experience, successful experience in teaching universitylevel 
technical or professional communication courses in a computer- 
supported 
facility, and workplace experience in technical and professional 
communication. 

With approximately 23,500 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive college 
town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from Atlanta. The 
Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers 
the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Communication), 
and PhD. Additional information is available on the departments 
web site at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita postmarked by October 1, 2007, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, 

AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by a department 
letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor 830 

http://www.
auburn.edu/english 


The Department of English at Auburn University expects to make two 
appointments for 2008–09 for tenure-track positions as Assistant Professors 
in Rhetoric and Composition to begin Fall semester 2008. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate 
courses in rhetoric and/or 
composition, but with some teaching in the 
core curriculum (freshman composition) and/or 
junior-level writing. 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English or closely 
related area by the August 16, 2008, starting date (ABDs will be considered; 
however, appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of 
Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); substantial graduate 
course work; evidence of potential for successful research, publication, 
and other scholarly/professional 
activities; evidence of successful teaching 
experience at the college or university level; interest in teaching core 
curriculum courses in freshman composition and/or 
junior-level writing; 
evidence of potential for excellence in teaching in undergraduate and 
graduate courses in rhetoric and/or 
composition; and good potential as 
a colleague for taking part in the life and work of the department. The 
candidates selected for these positions must be able to meet eligibility requirements 
for work in the United States at the time the appointments are 
scheduled to begin and be able to communicate effectively in English. 

Desirable qualifications include a broad and deep knowledge of rhetorical 
theory and contemporary composition pedagogy to complement a welldefined 
research program as we ll as interest in one or more of the following: 
assessment, empirical research, new media writing, writing centers, 
and multicultural and/or 
historical rhetorics. 

With approximately 23,500 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from 
Atlanta. The Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal 
Arts, offers the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional 
Communication), and PhD. Additional information is available on the 
departments website at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application a nd vita postmarked by October 1 2007, to 
George Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn 
University, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by 
a department letter. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Jacksonville SU 

English, 700 Pelham Rd N Jacksonville AL 36265 

Assistant Professor 37 

http://www.
jsu.edu 

Duties: Responsible for teaching speech, composition, and literature according 
to department practice and policy. Qualifications: PhD; generalist, 
but preference may be given to candidates with a specialization in 
Restaration and 18th-century 
English literature. Salary: Rank & salary 
are contingent upon qualifications, experience, and needs of the University. 
If this tenure-track position is not filled as tenure-track, applicants 
may be considered for a temporary or visiting position for one year. Application: 
Send application (avalable on our web site at www.jsu.edu or at 
JSU), resume, and names/addresses/
phone numbers of at least three references 
to Jacksonvillw State University, Human Resources, 700 Pelham 
Road North, Jacksonville, AL 36265. Applicants selected for an interview 
will be required to supply offiical transcripts and current letters of reference. 
Minority applicants are strongly encouraged to apply. Reference 
number 20040. An EO/AA 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of English, 17th-­century Non-dramatic British 
Literature 915 

http://www.
as.ua.
edu/english 


The Department of English and the Hudson Strode Program in Renaissance 
Studies at the University of Alabama seek applicants for a tenure-
track position in 17th-century 
non-dramatic British literature. The 
successful applicant will teach both undergraduate and graduate courses, 
and will be expected to maintain an active research and publication 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Wordsworth—Documents—JIL (OCT 07) File: JIL-ENG_LIST_OCT07_P3T2.indd Job #: 130-20 9/20/07–JF 

Bembo–description: 8.5/10; Dante–address: 9/11, position: 9/1110/12 it, institution: 9/11 bd, 1Head: 19/22 bd Sc, RLHead: 12/26 Sc, NVInstitution: 9/11 bd, 


agenda. Minimum qualifications: PhD by date of appointment (8/16/
08) 
with specialization in 17th-century 
non-dramatic literature; evidence of 
teaching excellence; ability to teach Milton; publications and/or 
presentations 
in area of specialization. Applications must be postmarked no later 
than Oct. 31, 2007. Send letter of application, vita, and dossier (or three 
letters of recommendation) to Professor Sharon ODair, Chair of Search 
Committee, Department of English, PO Box 870244, Tuscaloosa AL 
35487. For more information about the department, go to http://www 
.as.ua.
edu/english. 
The University of Alabama is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer. 


U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of English, History of the Novel to 1900 925 

http://www.
as.ua.
edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Alabama is seeking applicants 
for a tenure-track position in history of the novel to 1900. The 
successful applicant will teach both undergraduate and graduate courses, 
and will be expected to maintain an active research and publication 
agenda. Minimum qualifications: PhD by date of appointment (8/16/
08) 
with specialization in the 18th-or 19th-century 
British novel; evidence of 
teaching excellence; publications and/or 
presentations in area of specialization. 
Preferred qualifications: interests in transatlantic fiction, historicism 
and/or 
feminist theory. Applications must be postmarked no later 
than Oct. 31, 2007. Send letter of application, vita, and dossier (or three 
letters of recommendation) to Professor Albert Pionke, Chair of Search 
Committee, Department of English, PO Box 870244, Tuscaloosa, AL 
35487. For more information about the department, go to http://www 
.as.ua.
edu/english. 
The University of Alabama is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer. 


U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of English, British Romantic Literature 917 

http://www.
as.ua.
edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Alabama is seeking applicants 
for a tenure-track position in British Romantic literature. The successful 
applicant will teach both undergraduate and graduate courses, and 
will be expected to maintain an active research and publication agenda. 
Minimum qualif ications: PhD by date of appointment (8/16/
08) with 
specialization in Romantic literature; evidence of teaching excellence; 
publications and/or 
presentations in area of specialization. Applications 
must be postmarked no later than Oct. 31, 2007. Send letter of application, 
vita, and dossier (or three letters of recommendation) to Professor 
William A. Ulmer, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, 
PO Box 870244, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487. For more information about the 
department, go to http://www.
as.ua.
edu/english. 
The University of Alabama 
is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. 


U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of English, American Romantic Literature 933 

http://www.
as.ua.
edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Alabama is seeking applicants 
for a tenure Tenure-track position in American Romantic literature. 
The successful applicant will teach both undergraduate and graduate 
courses, and will be expected to maintain an active research and publication 
agenda. Minimum qualifications: PhD by date of appointment (8/ 
16/
08) with specialization in American Romantic literature; evidence of 
teaching excellence; publications and/or 
presentations in area of specialization. 
Applications must be postmarked no later than Oct. 31, 2007. Send 
letter of application, vita, and dossier (or three letters of recommendation) 
to Professor Fred Whiting, Chair of Search Committee, Department 
of 
English, PO Box 870244, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487. For more information 
about the department, go to http://www.
as.ua.
edu/english. 
The University 
of Alabama is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. 


U of Alabama, Huntsville 

English, 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor and Writing Center Director 161 

http://www.
uah.edu/english 


The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks an assistant professor 
as Writing Center Director for a tenure-earning position beginning in 
the fall of 2008. Ph.D. in Composition Studies by time of appointment. 
Preference for applicants with experience in Writing Center administration. 
The teaching load for this position is two courses per semester 
plus Writing 
Center administration. Applicant must be capable of teaching 
upper division and graduate courses in writing, including graduate 
courses in composition theory and writing pedagogy, as well as first-year 
composition. 

The department offers the B.A. and M.A. in English. Send letter and vita 
by Nov. 15 to Dr. Rose Norman, Chair, Dept. of English, Univ. of Alabama 
in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. The University of Alabama in 
Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. 
[R] 

Arizona 

Northern Arizona U 

English, Po Box 6032 Flagstaff AZ 86011 

Visiting Writer/Instructor 
of English in Creative Writing 961 

http://hr.
nau.edu/m/
content/view/
796/549/ 


Northern Arizona University’s small, good creative writing program at 
7000 feet in the vibrant community of Flagstaff, Arizona, invites applications 
for a one-semester, nonrenewable instructorship for a visiting writer 
in creative nonf iction and poetry for spring 2008 (pending budgetary 
approval). We seek an individual with a distinguished record of publications 
in both genres. Responsibilities include teaching one graduate-level 
workshop in creative nonfiction, one graduate-level workshop in poetry, 
presenting a public reading, presenting a public talk on creative writing, 
mentoring graduate creative writing students, and serving as a reader on 
theses. For more information on this position or our programs see the 
NAU HR webpage and www.nau.edu/english. 


Minimum qualifications include an MFA or PhD in Creative Writing (or 
English with an Emphasis in Creative Writing), publications in creative 
nonfiction and poetry, and successful experience teaching creative writing 
at the college or university level. 

Preference will be given to candidates who have successfully taught creative 
nonfiction and poetry writing workshops at the college or university 
level, have a distinguished record of publications in creative nonfiction and 
poetry, and experience working with a diverse community of learners. 

Northern Arizona University requires satisfactory results for the following: 
a criminal background investigation, an employment history verification 
and a degree verification (in some cases) prior to employment. You 
may also be required to complete a fingerprint background check. 

Salary: $20,000. This position will be open until fil led or closed. Review 
of applications will begin on October 24, 2007. 

Send letter of application, c.v., transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of effective teaching, and copies of books/publications 
to: 

Dr. Jane Armstrong Woodman, Chair of Instructor/Visiting 
Writer 
Search Committee, Department of English, Northern Arizona University, 
Box 6032, Flagstaff, AZ 86011-6032 

Northern Arizona University is a committed Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Institution. Women, minorities, veterans and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. NAU is responsive to the 
needs of dual career couples. 



Northern Arizona U 

English, Po Box 6032 Flagstaff AZ 86011 

Assistant Professor of English in Creative Writing 962 

http://hr.
nau.edu/m/
content/view/
796/549/ 


Northern Arizona University’s small, good creative writing program at 
7000 feet in the vibrant community of Flagstaff, Arizona, plans to maintain 
its altitude while expanding its faculty. We invite applications for the 
position of tenure-eligible assistant professor in creative nonfiction beginning 
in August 2008 (pending budgetary approval). We seek an individual 
with teaching experience and publications in creative nonfiction with 
preference given to candidates who also have teaching experience and 
publications in poetry. Duties will include graduate and undergraduate 
teaching in creative writing (3/2 
course load), directing/reading 
theses, 
and advising students. For more information on this position or our programs 
see the NAU HR webpage and www.nau.edu/english. 


Minimum Qualifications: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing (or English 
with an Emphasis in Creative Writing) at time of appointment, graduate 
coursework in creative nonfiction writing, and publications in cr eative 
nonfiction. 

Preference will be given to candidates who have successful experience 
teaching creative nonf iction writing at the college or university level; 
a record of significant publication in creative nonfiction (e.g. a book or 
several essays in nationally circulated journals or magazines); evidence of 
successful experience teaching poetry writing and publishing poetry in 
nationally recognized journals or magazines; editorial experience with a 
magazine or press (literary, electronic media, etc.); experience relevant to 
coordinating a creative writing program; experience in working with a 
diverse community of learners. 

Recently named Top Adventure Town in Arizona by National Geographic 
Adventure magazine, ranking second on Men’s Journal’s Best Places to Live, 
and 9th on Outside magazines best college towns for playing outside, Flagstaff 
is surrounded by pines and aspens and is close to the Grand Canyon 
National Park and many national monuments. Northern Arizona University 
is an 20,000-student institution with its main campus in Flagstaff, 
a four-season community of about 57,000 at the base of the majestic San 
Francisco Peaks. NAUs emphasis on undergraduate education is enhanced 
by its graduate programs and research as well as distance learning. The 
university is committed to a diverse and civ il working and learning environment. 
Its elevation—over 7000 feet—clean air, four-season climate, 
and numerous coffee houses make Flagstaff a good place for writers. Flagstaff 
is also home to the Northern Arizona Book Festival. 

Northern Arizona University requires satisfactory results for the following: 
a criminal background investigation, an employment history verification 
and a degree verification (in some cases) prior to employment. You 
may also be required to complete a fingerprint background check. 

Salary: $47,000 to $53,000. This position will be open until f illed or 
closed. 

Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2007. 

Send letter o f application, c.v., transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
evidence of effective teaching, and copies of books/publications 
to: Dr. Jane Armstrong Woodman, Chair of Creative Writing/Assistant 
Professor Search Committee, Department of English, Northern Arizona 
University, Box 6032, Flagstaff, AZ 86011-6032 

Northern Arizona University is a committed Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Institution. Women, minorities, veterans and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. NAU is responsive to the 
needs of dual career couples. 

U of Arizona 

English, PO Box 210067 1423 E University Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric, Composition, and the Teaching of English 989 

http://www.
arizona.edu/ 

The Department of English at the University of Arizona invites applications 
and nominations for a tenure-track position to start August 2008. 
Specialization is open. As a program, we share a commitment to engaged 
teaching, grounded research, and ref lective service. Faculty in RCTE 
work with the Writing Program, the Writing Center, the Southern Arizona 
Writing Project, and other university-wide and outreach initiatives. 
Experience with leadership in such programs is welcome. We are 
especially concerned with expanding our established collaborations with 
under-represented cultures and under-served constituencies, and so we 
are particularly interested in candidates with experience and interest in 
working with diverse students, colleagues, and communities. The University 
of Arizona has set itself the goal of becoming an Hispanic-Serving 
Institution. The Department of English is located within the College of 
Humanities, which also includes the Africana Studies Program. 

In addition to being concerned with such partnerships, faculty and students 
in RCTE are involved with programs in American Indian Studies, 
Women’s Studies, and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Studies. 

For full details and the online application, see posting at https://www.uacareertrack.
com (cite job #39131). Include letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, and a representative chapter 
or article in the online application. Please have at least three letters of 
references sent to Professor Thomas Miller, Chair, RCTE Search Committee, 
Department of English, P.O. Box 210067, Modern Languages 
Building 445, Universit y of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721-0067. Review 
of complete applications begins October 10 and continues until the position 
is filled. Phone interviews will be held in lieu of MLA interviews. 
For more information on the department and the program, go to http:// 
english.
arizona.edu/. [R] 

Arkansas 

Hendrix C 

English, 1600 Washington Av Conway AR 72032 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 297 

http://www.
hendrix.edu 

The Department of English at Hendrix College seeks applications for a 
tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor beginning in the 
fall, 2008. Applicants should be qualified to teach British Romantic and 
Victorian literature, with an emphasis in poetry. Other teaching responsibilities 
will include introductory and advanced writing, introductory literary 
studies, and literary theory. The successful candidate must exhibit a 
serious commitment to undergraduate instruction in a liberal arts environment. 
Applicants must have the Ph.D. in hand or supply evidence that 
the degree will be awarded by the summer of 2008. 

The application should include a letter addressing the candidates interest 
in teaching in a demanding liberal arts environment, a curriculum vitae, 
three letters of recommendation (including the telephone numbers and 
e-mail addresses of the referees), and transcripts of all graduate and undergraduate 
work. Application ma terials should be sent to Dr. Charles 
Chappell, Chair, Department of English, Hendrix College, 1600 Washington 
Avenue, Conway, Arkansas, 72032. 

Hendrix is a distinguished liberal arts college with an endowment of 
$200 million, sheltering a chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, located in Conway, 
Arkansas, thirty miles from Little Rock at the foothills of the Ozark 
Mountains. 
The College, related to the United Methodist Church, has a 
strong commitment to excellence in teaching liberal arts. Hendrix is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
Women and members of minority groups 
are especially encouraged to apply. Please visit our website at www 
.hendrix.
edu . 



Applicat ions must be postmarked by November 2, 2007. Interviewing at 
MLA. [R] 

U of Central Arkansas 

English, 201 S Donaghey Av Conway AR 72035 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English (Children’s Literature) 619 

http://www.
uca.edu/index.
php 

The University of Central Arkansas English Department seeks qualified 
applicants for a tenure-track assistant or associate professor to teach 
courses in childrens literature, literature for the middle grades, and adolescent 
literature, to begin Fall 2008. The successful candidate should 
have a doctorate in English or English education. Applicants with public 
school experience and experience in NCATE/NCTE 
accreditation are 
particularly encouraged. 

Other responsibilities for the successful candidate will include teaching 
general education literature courses as well as service responsibilities both 
in the English department and, if appropriate, in the College of Education. 

Submit a letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, and 
official transcripts to Jay Ruud, Chair, Department of English, University 
of Central Arkansas, 201 Donaghey Ave., Conway, AR 72035, JRuud@ 
uca.edu 

Applications should be received by November 15, 2007. 

UCA is an equal opportunity/a 
ffirmative action employer. 
This position 
is pending funding approval. [R] 

U of Central Arkansas 

English, 201 S Donaghey Av Conway AR 72035 

Assistant Professor of English Renaissance Drama 618 

http://www.
uca.edu/index.
php 

The University of Central Arkansas English Department seeks qualified 
applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor with a specialization in 
English Renaissance Drama to begin in Fall 2008. The successful candidate 
will eventually teach two separate courses in Shakespeare and one in 
Tudor-Stuart Drama. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in English in hand 
before the Fall 2008 semester. 

Other responsibilities of this position will include teaching general education 
literature courses as well as service responsibilities in the English 
department. Submit a letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and official transcripts to Jay Ruud, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Central Arkansas, 201 Donaghey Ave., Conway, 
AR 72035, JRuud@uca.edu 

Applications should be received by November 15, 2007. 

UCA is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
This position 
is pending funding approval. [R] 

California 

Barstow Comm C 

Humanities, 2700 Barstow Rd Barstow CA 92311 

English Instructor—Tenure Track 131 

ASSIGNMENT: 

Instructors are typically assigned 15 lecture hours of student contact time 
(or equivalent in laboratory or related activities) per semester. Office hours 
are required. Teaching assignments may include a mixture of day, evening, 
weekend, in a distance education environment (On-Line) or off 
campus, including travel to the Fort Irwin site which is about 40 miles 
from the main campus. 

Primary teaching assignment will be in basic skills courses. Ability to 
teach ESL is desirable. 

REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES: 

The English Instructor may provide instruction in, but is not limited to, 
any of the following subjects: Basic English, and English Skills, English 
Composition and Reading, Critical Thinking and Composition, Creative 
Writing; ESL if qualified. 

Informs students about course requirements, evaluation procedures and 
attendance requirements. 

Maintains necessary attendance, scholastic and student records, and submits 
them according to published guidelines. 

Participates in professional development, student and other educational 
activities in accordance with college policy. 

Ef fect ively teaches and communicates with student s of diver se 
backgrounds. 


Develops, maintains and evaluates curriculum and makes recommendations 
to maintain program currency. 

Identifies and uses learning outcomes and assessment that lead to course 
program improvements. 

EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: 

Masters in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition OR 
Bachelors in any of the above AND Masters in linguistics, TESL, speech, 
education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, or journalism 
OR the equivalent. 

*Those who do not possess the minimum qualifications as listed, must 
request an equivalency form at the time of application. 

Ability to demonstrate a sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse 
academic, socio-economic, cultural, disability, and ethnic background of 
community college students. 

SALARY AND BENEFITS: 

$42,700-$69,700 

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: 

A full-time, 10 month, certificated position. Prior to employment, the 
successful candidate will be required to provide proof of legal residence 
entitling them to work in the United States, consistent with the Immigration 
and Reform Act of 1986. Employment is also dependent upon a 
satisfactory fingerprint check and tuberculosis examination. 

ANTICIPATED START DATE: AUGUST, 2008 

DEADLINE TO APPLY: 

The first paper screening will occur September 21, 2007 

APPLICATION PROCEDURE: 

Interested applicants must submit: 

Letter of Application to include, but not limited to, information on related 
knowledge and experience specified in the job description 

Completed Distr ict Application for Academic or Administrative 
Positions. 


Resume or Vita 

Copies of transcripts verifying educational degrees (official transcripts required 
upon offer of employment). 

A list of at least 3 references with contact information. 

Above materials are to be submitted to the: Human Resources Office, 
Barstow College, 2700 Barstow Road, Barstow, CA 92311 

Contact Human Resources for an application and job description: 

Telephone: 760-
252-2411 Ext. 7232 

Email: hr@barstow.edu 

California SU, Fullerton 

Chicano Studies, PO Box 6868 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor in Chicana/o 
Studies with interest in Chicana/o 
& 
Spanish American Literature 205 

http://hss.
fullerton.edu/chicano/ 


The Chicana/o 
Studies Department at California State University, 
Fullerton 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in Chicana/o 



& Spanish American Literature beginning Fall 2008 ( Job Control No. 
23603G-08–005). The department is particularly interested in reviewing 
applications from highly collegial candidates whose work emphasizes gender 
in Chicana/o 
& Spanish American Literature (with an emphasis on 
Mexico or Mexican History). Required qualifications: Ph.D. (advanced 
ABD’s considered) in Chicana/o 
Studies, Ethnic Studies, American 
Studies/Civilization, 
Women’s Studies, or other similar interdisciplinary 
programs.; or training in more traditional areas like History, Spanish, 
English, Comparative Literature, and Rhetoric. To apply, send a dossier 
that includes a letter of application describing teaching, research interests, 
curriculum vitae, teaching ratings, writing sample, transcripts, syllabus 
(optional), and three current letters of recommendation addressin g your 
teaching and research. Candidates should also include a writing sample 
and, optional sample syllabus. For full consideration, please send all materials 
by October 10, 2007 to: Chicana/o 
Search Committee, Department 
of Chicana and Chicano Studies, California State University, Fullerton, 
P.O. Box 6868, Fullerton, CA 92834-6868. For further information, 
please visit: http://diversity.
fullerton.edu 

California SU, Fullerton 

English, Comp Lit, & Linguistics, PO Box 6848 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor of English/Rhetoric 
and Composition 586 

http://hss.
fullerton.edu/english/ 


The Department of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in 
rhetoric and composition studies, with interests in professional writing, 
writing across the curriculum, and/or 
writing and technology. Teaching 
assignments would include specialty courses at upper-division and MA 
levels, introductory surveys, general education, composition, and other 
courses depending on candidates interests and departmental need. A secondary 
teaching specialization in one of the following areas is desirable 
though not required: applied linguistics/structure 
of modern English, literary 
theory (especially pre-20th Century), the Bible as literature, classical 
mythology, children’s literature, or the novel. Department faculty normally 
teach four courses each semester. Re-assigned time available for research, 
course development, and departmental responsibilities. Teaching 
load reduction provided for first two yea rs and may be extended. Faculty 
members advise undergraduate students and serve on faculty committees. 
Positive tenure and promotion decisions require excellent teaching as well 
as peer-reviewed publication and participation in the broader disciplinary 
community. Ability to interact effectively with a wide and culturally 
diverse range of students essential. Ph.D. in English with appropriate 
academic emphasis in rhetoric and composition required by August 2008. 
ABDs considered but must show evidence of degree completion prior to 
appointment. Evidence of successful teaching and potential for successful 
publication essential. Starting salary competitive and com mensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Submit letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, and dossier to Joseph Sawicki, Chair, Department of English, Comparative 
Literature, and Linguistics, University Hall 323, California State 
University Fullerton, Fullerton, CA 92834-6848. Application acknowledged 
by email. Preliminary interviews at MLA. Applications postmarked 
by November 2nd, 2007 receive full consideration. Job Control Number: 
23603G-08–046. CSUF is an Equal Opportunity/Title 
IX/503/
504/ 
VEVRA/
ADA Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Fullerton 

English, Comp Lit, & Linguistics, PO Box 6848 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor of English/Creative 
Writing 587 

http://hss.
fullerton.edu/english/ 


The Department of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in 
creative writing, with appropriate publishing history and professional experience 
in dramatic and/or 
screen writing. Teaching assignments would 
include specialty courses at upper-division and MA levels, introductory 
surveys, general education, composition, and other courses depending on 
candidates interests and departmental need. A secondary teaching specialization 
in one of the following areas is desirable though not required: applied 
linguistics/structure 
of modern English, literary theory (especially 
pre-20th Century), the Bible as literature, classical mythology, children’s 
literature, or the novel. Department faculty normally teach four courses 
each semester. Re-assigned time available for research, course development, 
and departmental responsibilities. Teaching load reduction provided 
for first two years and may be exten ded. Faculty members advise undergraduate 
students and serve on faculty committees. Positive tenure and 
promotion decisions require excellent teaching as well as peer-reviewed 
publication and participation in the broader disciplinary community. 
Ability to interact effectively with a wide and culturally diverse range of 
students essential. Ph.D. in English or Comparative literature with appropriate 
academic emphasis in creative writing required by August 2008. 
ABDs considered but must show evidence of degree completion prior to 
appointment. Evidence of successful teaching and potential for successful 
publication essential. Starting salary competitive and comm ensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Submit letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, and dossier to Joseph Sawicki, Chair, Department of English, Comparative 
Literature, and Linguistics, University Hall 323, California State 
University Fullerton, Fullerton, CA 92834-6848. Application acknowledged 
by email. Preliminary interviews at MLA. Applications postmarked 
by November 2nd, 2007 receive full consideration. Job Control Number: 
23603G-08–052. CSUF is an Equal Opportunity/Title 
IX/503/
504/ 
VEVRA/
ADA Employer. 
[R] 

California SU, Northridge 

English, 18111 Nordhoff St Northridge CA 91330 

Assistant Professor 278 

http://www.
csun.edu/english 


PhD in English, with emphasis on Early American Literature and Culture. 
Tenure Track. Degree expected prior to August 20, 2008. Faculty 
are encouraged to teach a variety of courses, including undergraduate 
and graduate courses in areas of expertise, along with courses in General 
Education. Desirable secondary area in Nineteenth-Century 
American 
literature. Additional areas of expertise may include transatlantic 
Eighteenth-Century 
literatures; ethnic studies; cultural studies and/or 
critical theory. Evidence of teaching effectiveness required; publication 
desirable. CSUN is a Learning Centered University with a diverse student 
population drawn largely from the Los Angeles area. Interviews at 
MLA. Send letter of application, c.v., brief writing sample, dossier to Dr. 
Jackie Stallcup, 
Search Committee Chair, English Department, CSUN, 
Northridge, CA 91330-8248. CSUN is an EO/AA, 
Title IX, Section 504 
Employer. 
Primary consideration given to applications received by November 
30, 2007. Candidates are invited to review full announcement on 
our website. 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of African American literature 474 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

Tenure-track position. We seek to hire a specialist in African American 
Literature (sub-specialization open). Ph.D. in either English or African 
American Studies required by August 2008. Successful candidates will 
demonstrate an ability to teach undergraduate survey courses in African 
American and other American Literature as well as specialized courses in 
their areas of interest at both the undergraduate and graduate level (in our 
M.A. program). Normal teaching assignment is 3 courses per quarter, with 
possibility for release time. Candidates are expected to show evidence of 
promise in scholarship and evidence of commitment to and success in 
teaching. Salary is competitive. Benefits package includes coverage for 
domestic partners. Interview at MLA. Please send letter and c.v. only by 
November 1 to Rong Chen, Chair, English Department, California State 
University, San Bernardino, 5500 University Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 



92407-2397. California State University is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to a diversified workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of Fiction Writing 476 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

We expect to hire a tenure-track, assistant professor of fiction writing, effective 
Fall 2008. A terminal degree (M.F.A. or Ph.D) is required at the 
time of the appointment. Primary assignments for this position will be 
fiction writing and literature for undergraduates. A secondary specialty 
in poetry, creative non-fiction or screenwriting is a plus. The department 
is exploring the possibility of developing an M.F.A. program, and the 
position may also require teaching creative writing at the graduate level. 
Normal teaching assignment is 3 courses per quarter, with possibility for 
release time. Candidates are expected to show evidence of promise in 
scholarship and evidence of commitment to and success in teaching. Salary 
is competitive. Benefits package includes coverage for domestic partners. 
Interview at MLA. Please send letter and c.v. only by November 1 to 
Rong Chen, Chair, English Department, California State University, San 
Bernardino, 5500 University Pkwy, S an Bernardino, CA 92407-2397. 
California State University is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to a diversified workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric & Composition 477 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

Tenure-track position. We seek to hire a rhetoric and composition specialist 
with preparation and experience in assessment, WAC, and/or 
WID, effective Fall 2008. Ph.D. in English or Rhetoric and Composition 
Studies required at time of appointment. Secondary specialty is open, 
but demonstrable interest in critical pedagogies, critical race studies, 
writing center practice, and/or 
computers and writing is a plus. Successful 
candidates will demonstrate an ability to teach undergraduate writing 
courses, as well as specialized courses in their areas of interest at both 
the undergraduate and graduate level (in our M.A. in English Composition 
program). Normal teaching assignment is 3 courses per quarter, with 
possibility for release time. Candidates are expected to show evidence of 
promise in scholarship and evidence of commitment to and success in 
teaching. Salary is competitive. Benefits package includes coverage for 
domestic partners. Interview at MLA. Please send lette r and c.v. only by 
November 1 to Rong Chen, Chair, English Department, California State 
University, San Bernardino, 5500 University Pkwy, San Bernardino, CA 
92407-2397. California State University is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to a diversified workforce. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 475 

http://english.
csusb.edu 

Tenure-track position. We seek to hire one or two specialists in Nineteenth 
and/or 
Twentieth-Century 
American Literature. Sub-specialization 
open, though we would particularly welcome applicants with 
expertise in Asian American Literature. Ph.D. by August 2008 required. 
Successful candidates will demonstrate an ability to teach undergraduate 
courses in American Literature from 1865-present, as well as specialized 
courses in their areas of interest at both the undergraduate and graduate 
level (in our M.A. program). Normal teaching assignment is 3 courses 
per quarter, with possibility for release time. Candidates are expected to 
show evidence of promise in scholarship and evidence of commitment to 
and success in teaching. Salary is competitive. Benefits package includes 
coverage for domestic partners. Interview at MLA. Please send letter and 
c.v. only by November 1 to Rong Chen, Chair, English Department, 
California State University, San Bernardino, 5500 Universit y Pkwy, San 
Bernardino, CA 92407-2397. California State University is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to a diversified workforce [R] 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor: 19th Century British Poetry 204 

http://www.
csus.edu 

Asst. Prof. of English, tenure-track position, effective Fall 2008 (Contingent 
upon funding). We invite applications for a position in 19th Century 
British Poetry (Romantic and Victorian) with primary emphasis in Poetry 
and additional expertise in one or more of the following areas: Poetics; 
Ecocriticism and Environmental Literature; British Women Writers 
of the 19th Century. College-level teaching experience required; ability 
to teach composition also required. ABD considered for interview; Ph.D. 
required by August 1, 2008. Teaching assignments will include lower division 
surveys in Literature, upper division courses, and graduate seminars 
in our MA program. Four-course load (per semester is normal) with 
diverse student population, committee work, scholarly/creative 
work, 
advising, and community service. Will accept applications until position 
is filled, but for consideration for an interview at MLA, applications 
must be received by November 20, 2007. CSU Sacramento is an EOE/ 
AA 
employer. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, copies of ALL 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Joshua McKinney, 
Personnel Chair, Department of English, California State University, 
Sacramento, 6000 J. Street, Sacramento, CA 95819-6075. 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor: English Education 198 

http://www.
csus.edu 

Asst. Prof. of English, tenure-track position, effective Fall 2008 (Contingent 
upon funding). We invite applications for a position in English 
Education with expertise in Childrens Literature and one or more of the 
following areas: Young Adult literature, English Language development, 
and Applied Linguistics. College-level teaching experience required. Additional 
experience in teaching K-12 and composition desirable. ABD 
considered for interview; Ph.D. required by August 1, 2008. Four-course 
load (per semester is normal) with diverse student population, committee 
work, scholarly/creative 
work, advising, and community service. Will accept 
applications until position is filled, but for consideration for an interview 
at MLA, applications must be received by November 20, 2007. CSU 
Sacramento is an EOE/AA 
employer. 
Send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, copies of ALL transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Joshua McKinney, Personnel Chair, Department o f English, 
California State University, Sacramento, 6000 J. Street, Sacramento, CA 
95819-6075. 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Generalist In Literature w/Asian-
American 
specialization 874 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl/ 


ENGLISH-Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor 
of English at Caifornia Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, 
California, to begin September 8, 2008. Salary is commensurate with 
qualif ications and experience. Ph.D. in English at time of appointment, 
experience and excellence in college-level teaching, and evidence 
of professional activity which keeps the candidate abreast of knowledge 
and developments within his or her professional field. Generalist in literature 
with specialization in Asian-American literature. All tenured and 
tenure-track faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization at the 



undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Duties for this position also include 
teaching general education literature survey and/or 
composition courses. 
Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university with a 3–3-3 quarter load and 
correspondingly reasonable research expectations. To apply, please visit 
http://WWW.
CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a required onli ne faculty 
application and apply to Requisition #101428. Please attach to your 
electronic application a cover letter, vita, transcript of highest degree, 
three letters of reference, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing 
sample indicative of area of scholarship. Please see online posting for alternate 
mailing instructions for required documents. Open until filled; 
review of applications will begin October 22, 2007. Applications received 
after that date may be considered. For questions, call the English Department 
at (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The university actively encourages 
app lications and nominations of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor in English Education 900 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl 


Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor in English 
Education at Caifornia Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, 
California, to begin September 8, 2008. Salary is commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Requirements incliude: a Ph.D. in English 
Education or closely allied field at time of appointment, excellence in 
teaching, and evidence of professional activity which keeps the candidate 
abreast of knowledge and developments within his or her professional 
field. Appointment to teach English methods, adolescent/children’s 
literature, 
supervise student teachers, and develop English education program 
curricula in cooperation with the College of Education faculty. Strong 
ancillary background in literature, linguistics, composition, or literacy 
studies; successful teaching experience at both the college and secondary 
school levels; experience in developing and maintaining university-school 
partnerships are all desirable. Cal Poly is primar ily a teaching university 
with a 3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly reasonable research expectations. 
To apply, please visit http://WWW.
CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, 
complete a required online faculty application and apply to Requisition 
#101431. Please attach to your electronic application a cover letter, 
vita, transcript of highest degree, three letters of reference, statement of 
teaching philosophy, and writing sample indicative of area of scholarship. 
Please see online posting for alternate mailing instructions for required 
documents. Open until filled; review of applications will begin 
October 
22, 2007. Applications received after that date may be considered. 
Fo r questions, please call (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed 
to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The university 
actively encourages applications and nominations of all qualified individuals. 
EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Post-Civil War American Literature 889 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl/ 


Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor of English at 
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, to 
begin September 8, 2008. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. Requirements include a Ph.D. in English at time of appointment, 
experience and excellence in college-level teaching and evidence of 
professional activity which keeps the candidate abreast of knowledge and 
developments within his or her professional field. Specialization in Post- 
Civil War American Literature required; sub-specialty in either Modern 
American Fiction or American Colonial Literature preferred. Experience 
in teaching college-level composition desired. All tenured and tenuretrack 
faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Duties for this position also include teaching 
general education literature survey and/or 
composition courses. Cal Poly 
is primarily a teaching university with a 3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly 
reasonable research expectations. To apply, please visit http:// 
WWW.
CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a required online faculty application 
and apply to Requisition #101429. Please attach to your electronic 
application a cover letter, vita, transcript of highest degree, three letters of 
reference, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing sample indicative 
of area of scholarship. Please see online posting for alternate mailing 
instructions for required documents. Open until filled; review of applications 
will begin October 22, 2007. Applications received after that date 
may be considered. For questions, please call (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly 
is strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. 
The university actively encourages applications and nominations of all 
qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English-Modern and Contemporary British
Literature 574 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/engl/ 


Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor of English at 
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, to 
begin September 8, 2008. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. Requirements include a Ph.D. in English at time of appointment, 
experience and excellence in college-level teaching, and evidence 
of professional activity which keeps the candidate abreast of knowledge 
and developments within his or her professional field. Specialization in 
Modern and Contemporary British Literature required; sub-specialty in 
Modern and Contemporary Trans-Atlantic Literature or Post-Colonial 
Literature preferred. Experience in teaching college-level composition 
desired. All tenured and tenure-track faculty teach courses in their areas 
of specialization at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Duties for this 
position also include teaching general education literature survey and/or 
composition courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university with a 
3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly reasonable research expectations. 
To apply, please visit WWW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a required 
online faculty application and apply to Requisition #101427. Please attach 
to your electronic application a cover letter, vita, transcript of highest 
degree, three letters of reference, statement of teaching philosophy, and 
writing sample indicative of area of scholarship. Please see online posting 
for alternate mailing instructions for required documents. Open until 
filled; review of applications will begin October 22, 2007. Applications 
received after that date may be considered. For questions, please call the 
English Department at (805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to 
achieving excellence through cultural diversity. The university actively 
encourages applications and nominations of all qualif ied individuals. 
EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

Ethnic Studies Department, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor, African American Studies 96 

http://cla.
calpoly.edu/es 


The Ethnic Studies Department at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, invites applications 
for a tenure track position at the rank of Assistant/Associate 
Professor to begin in September 2008. Candidates must have expertise in, 
and be prepared to teach African American studies from a comparative 
perspective that explores the intersecting issues of race, gender, and ethnicity. 
Duties include: teaching the majors lower division core courses and 
its new upper division offerings; pursuing a program of original scholarship; 
advising students, committee service, and contributing to the development 
of a newly established major degree program in Comparative 
Ethnic Studies. Requirements: A completed Ph.D. in African American 
Studies, Comparative Ethnic Studies, Post-Colonial, Cultural Studies, or 
a comparable program in Social Sciences or Humanities at time of application; 
a record of scholarship and excellent teaching. Salary and rank are 
commensurate with experience and qualifications. 



To apply, view detailed application instructions and submit required online 
faculty application at WWW.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG for Requisition 
#101352. Closing Date: 11/13/
07. The university actively encourages applications 
and nominations of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 

Chapman U 

English, 1 University Dr Orange CA 92866 

Poetry or Playwriting: Open Rank 970 

http://www.
chapman.edu/wcls/
english/ 

Chapman University, a private, liberal arts-based university in Orange 
County, California seeks an Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of 
Creative Writing with an emphasis on either poetry or playwriting, beginning 
Fall 2008. Candidates should have a strong record of teaching 
poetry or playwriting, with significant publications of poetry (preferably 
a book) or at least one produced play. We welcome additional interests 
& publications in other fields of creative writing, or in literary scholarship 
& criticism. Terminal degree such as MFA or PhD preferred. The 
3/3 
load includes courses at both the undergraduate and graduate level. 
Competitive salary. The English department at Chapman is committed 
to personalized educationcreative writing workshops never include more 
than fifteen students. 

Please submit a cover letter, CV, a one-page description of your work, 
a one-page philosophy of teaching, and a f ifteen to twenty page writing 
sample to Richard Ruppel, Departme nt of English, Chapman 
University, 
One University Dr., Orange, CA 92866. Preliminary interviews 
at MLA. 

Chapman University is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
committed to 
providing career opportunities to all people, without regard to race, color, 
religion, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or 
veteran status. [R] 

Chapman U 

English, 1 University Dr Orange CA 92866 

Multicultural Literatures: Open Rank 969 

http://www.
chapman.edu/wcls/
english/ 

Chapman University, a private, liberal arts-based university in Orange 
County, California seeks a colleague in U.S. multicultural literatures with 
expertise in at least one of the following: African American, Asian American, 
Native American or Latino/Chicano 
Literatures. Candidates must 
show evidence or promise of scholarly productivity and a commitment to 
excellent teaching. The position may be at the assistant, associate, or full 
professor level. Competitive salary. The 3/3 
load includes courses at both 
the undergraduate and masters level, primarily in the candidates area of 
specialization. The English department at Chapman is committed to personalized 
education and limits most classes to 25 students. Ph.D. required 
by July 2008. 

Send letter, C.V., and a 1–3 page description of dissertation or current 
research project to Richard Ruppel, Department of English, Chapman 
University, 1 University Dr., Orange, CA 92866. Preliminary interviews 
at MLA. 

Chapman University is an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
committed to 
providing career opportunities to all people, without regard to race, color, 
religion, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or 
veteran status. [R] 

Claremont Grad U 

English, 143 E Tenth St Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of 19th century American Literature & Cultural 
Studies 461 

http://www.
cgu.edu/sah/
jobs 

The Departments of English and Cultural Studies in the School of Arts 
and Humanities at Claremont Graduate University invite applications and 
nominations for a joint appointment in 19th century American Literature 
and Cultural Studies at the rank of Assistant Professor beginning Fall 
2008. A PhD is required. 

The successful candidate must be able to teach graduate seminars in major 
American writers and literary developments of the 19th century and in 
Cultural Studies, and will serve as an advisor, mentor, and provide professional 
development training for our M.A. and PhD students. Expertise in 
one or more of the following areas of specialization is important: Colonial/
Postcolonial 
Studies; Gender Studies; 19th century Race Relations 
and Ethnic Literature; U.S Empire Studies; Comparative Study of the 
Americas, Transnational and Border Studies. 

We are seeking applicants with solid teaching and mentoring experience 
in both American Literature and Cultural Studies who wil l bring transdisciplinary 
perspectives to research and teaching. Ideally, the candidate 
will hold a PhD in English, but we will consider candidates with degrees 
in other fields who have a demonstrably strong publication record in 19th 
century American Literature. 

The Humanities departments work closely together in the School of Arts 
and Humanities at the Claremont Graduate University; we are looking 
for a colleague who can help us to make connections across the disciplines 
of English, Cultural Studies, History and Philosophy and who can serve 
the needs of graduate students in the Humanities, in general. 

Please submit a letter of application, c.v., writing sample (20 pages maximum), 
and three letters of reference, at least one of which addresses the 
applicant’s teaching/mentoring 
abilities, to Professor Wendy Martin, 
Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, Claremont 
Graduate University, 121 E. Tenth Street, Claremont, CA 91711. 

Applications must be postmarked by 16 November, 2007. Interviews of 
selected candidates will be held at the 2007 MLA conference, or on the 
CGU campus. Please visit our website for more information about this 
position: http://www.
cgu.edu/sah/
jobs. 

[Pending the approval by the AADC] 

Claremont Graduate University, a private, free-standing graduate school 
is part o f the Claremont College Consortium, and is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
In addition to meeting its obligations under federal and 
state law, Claremont Graduate University is committed to increasing 
faculty 
diversity. We especially encourage underrepresented minorities to 
apply. [R] 

Gavilan C 

Lib Arts & Sciences, 5055 Santa Teresa Blvd Gilroy CA 95020 

English Instructor 916 

Requires Masters in English, literature, comparative literature, or composition 
OR Bachelors in any of the above AND Masters in linguistics, 
TESL, speech, education with a specialization in reading, creative writing, 
or journalism OR The equivalent. Full details available at www 
.gavilan.edu/jobs. 
Contact Fran Lozano at flozano@gavilan.edu for more 
information. Equal Opportunity Employer 

Los Medanos C 

Lang Arts, 2700 E Leland Rd Pittsburg CA 94565 

English Instructor for Pathway Program 910 

http://www.
4cd.net/human_
resources/job.asp 

IMMEDIATE PART-TIME TEACHING OPPORTUNITY IN THE 
CONTRA COSTA COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT 

ENGLISH INSTRUCTOR FOR PATHWAY PROGRAM (Students 
emancipating from Foster Care) 

Applicants must have MA degree in English or equivalent 

Instructor needed immediately to teach a Basic Reading and Writing 
Skills course (English 60) in the Pathways Program. English 60 is an integrated 
reading and writing course (three levels below transfer-level composition) 
designed to give students the confidence and skills needed to 
improve their reading comprehension, vocabulary and writing skills. 



DAY/TIME: 
M/W, 
9am-12:40pm. The class starts September 4 and will 
run for 14 weeks. 

PATHWAY PROGRAM (STUDENTS: Students (18–22) who are 
emancipating from Foster Care and or who are underprepared academically 
take a total of 12 units in the Pathway program to prepare them for 
entry into a career or to continue on at Los Medanos College. 

This is an incredible opportunity for instructors to work with a highlydeserving 
student population. 

Interested applicants should e-mail resume and cover letter to jhiltbrand@ 
losmedanos.edu 

The Contra Costa Community College District is an equal opportunity 
employer. 


Pitzer C 

English & World Lit, 1050 N Mills Av Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 263 

http://www.
pitzer.edu 

Pitzer College invites applications for a tenure-track appointment in creative 
writing (poetry, fiction, or performance) beginning Fall 2008. Areas 
of interest include nature-writing, urban issues, or gender and feminist 
issues. Ability to teach multiple genres desirable. Candidate will teach introductory 
and upper-level courses in creative writing, and will advise 
students in the Creative Writing track. Commitment to teaching in a liberal 
arts setting essential. M.F.A or Ph.D. (with creative writing emphasis) 
and/or 
significant publications required. 

Pitzer College, a member of the Claremont Colleges, has a strong institutional 
commitment to the principles of diversity in all areas and strongly 
encourages candidates from underrepresented social groups. We favor 
candidates who can contribute to the Colleges distinctive educational 
objectives, which promote interdisciplinary perspectives, intercultural 
understanding, and concern with social responsibility and the e thical implications 
of knowledge and action. Pitzer College is an Affirmative Action/
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
For the successful applicant with the 
relevant interests, affiliations are possible with the intercollegiate departments 
of Asian American Studies, Black Studies, Chicano/Latino 
Studies, 
and/or 
Womens Studies. 

To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vitae, selected evidence 
of excellence in teaching and scholarship, statement of teaching philosophy, 
a description of your scholarly activities, and three letters of recommendation 
VIA EMAIL to creativewritingsearch@pitzer.edu. Electronic 
documents are required in the following formats: MS Word or PDF. Applicants 
may but are not required to submit duplicate hard copies to: Alan 
Jones, Dean of Faculty, 1050 N. Mills Ave., Claremont, CA, 91711. The 
deadline for applying is October 30, 2007. [R] 

San Diego SU 

English & Comp Lit, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182 

Open Rank Professor of English and Comparative Literature: Creative 
Writing-Fiction 172 

http://literature.
sdsu.edu 

Open rank tenure-track position. Successful candidate will have distinguished 
teaching experience and publications in fiction. Ph.D. or MFA 
preferred. The applicant should have significant experience in teaching 
fiction as well as other genres of creative writing and literature. The applicant 
should be a well-published writer, with at least two volumes of 
fiction or creative nonfiction, who has a deep commitment to teaching, 
writing, and working with students, and one who sees these activities 
as complementary rather than competing. Teaching experience should 
include creative writing workshops, form and theory seminars, and literature 
classes. Administrative experience is desirable. Demonstrated 
commitment to working with diverse student population and to making 
contributions to the program, department, university, and community required. 
Send applications to include cover letter, CV, and dossier (letters 
of recommendation and official or unofficial transcripts) to William A. 
Nericcio, Chair, Department of English and Comparative Literature, San 
Diego State University, 5500 Campanile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182- 
6020. Explain in cover letter how expertise in relevant areas is demonstrated 
by teaching experience and publications. Review of applications 
will begin October 15, 2007. Applications should be postmarked by Friday, 
November 2, 2007. We particularly seek candidates who mirror the 
diversity of the university and its surrounding urban community. SDSU is 
a Title IX, equal opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate against 
individuals on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, 
g ender, marital status, age, disability or veteran status, including 
veterans of the Vietnam era. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 855 

http://www.
sfsu.edu 

Openings: Two, Asst. Prof. or Assoc. Prof. (with or without tenure), Fall 
2008. Primary responsibility will be to teach graduate courses that prepare 
individuals to teach composition and reading to diverse populations 
at the community college level. Other responsibilities include teaching 
undergraduate courses, mentoring M.A. thesis students, observing and 
mentoring new teachers, and assisting with writing program administration. 
Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. or Ed.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
or related f ield; must have completed all doctoral requirements by 8/ 
1/
08. Knowledge of or experience with diverse post-secondary populations, 
including non-native speakers of English and generation 1.5 students; 
knowledge of Composition theory and pedagogy; and knowledge 
of quantitative and/or 
qualitative research methods. Desirable qualifications: 
Emphasis on reading-writing connections; experience in the use 
of technology for teaching; experience in, or willingness to contribut e 
to, composition program administration and portfolio assessment; specialized 
knowledge of strategies for teaching multicultural texts; publications 
in area(s) of expertise. Responsibilities include teaching graduate 
courses in composition and/or 
post-secondary reading theory, pedagogy, 
and research, as well as undergraduate integrated reading-writing or composition 
courses. For further information, visit the English Department 
website at http://www.
sfsu.edu/~english. Rank and salary commensurate 
with qualifications. Review of applications to begin November 1, 
2007 and will continue until the position is filled. Campus interviews of 
finalists expected in early February, 2008. Send cover letter, CV, 3 letters 
of recommendation, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and copies of 
representative publications to Beverly Voloshin, Chair, English Department 
(Attn. Comp Search Committee), San Francisco State University, 
1600 Holloway Ave., San Francisco, CA 94132. SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 838 

http://www.
sfsu.edu 

Openings: Two, Asst. Prof. or Assoc. Prof. (with or without tenure), 
Fall 2008. Ph.D. in hand or all doctoral requirements completed by 8/ 
01/
08; university-level teaching experience. 19th-and/or 
20th-C. American 
literature; desirable subspecialties include transatlantic romanticism, 
working-class literature, cultural studies, LGBTQ studies, cosmopolitan 
modernism, Asian-American literature, Chicano literature. Teaching 
responsibilities include undergrad general education through M.A level. 
3 courses per semester. Salary competitive, commensurate with qualifications. 
Initial interviews at Dec. MLA meeting in Chicago. Applications 
must be postmarked by 11/12/
07. Send cover letter, CV, 3 letters 
of recommendation, and information about teaching range/experience 
to 
Beverly Voloshin, Chair, English Dept. (ATTN Lit Search Committee), 
San Francisco State Univ., 1600 Holloway Ave., San Francisco CA 94132. 
SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 



San Jose SU 

English & Comp Lit, 1 Washington Sq San Jose CA 95192 

Assistant Professor of English in Composition and Rhetoric 583 

http://www.
fa.sjsu.edu/employment/
employment.html 

San Jose State University seeks to hire an Assistant Professor (tenure-track) 
to share responsibility for coordinating a large composition program. 
Teaching assignments will include undergraduate courses in composition 
and general education, and graduate seminars in the History of Rhetoric 
and Composition Studies. Scholarly publications, service to the department 
and university, student recruitment, fundraising/grant 
activity will 
be necessary components of tenure. Candidate must address the needs 
of a student population of great diversity—in age, cultural background, 
ethnicity, primary language, and academic preparation—through course 
materials, teaching strategies, and advisement. Committee service and 
professional achievement are required for tenure and promotion. Qualifications 
include a Ph.D. in English Literature or English Composition and 
Rhetoric by date of appointment, with specialization or sub-specialization 
in Composition and Rhetoric. Demonstrable s econdary experience in 
Business or Technical Writing highly desirable. University teaching experience 
required as well as evidence of strong scholarly promise. Applicants 
should have awareness of and sensitivity to the educational goals of a multicultural 
population as might have been gained in cross-cultural study, 
training, teaching, and other comparable experience. For full consideration 
send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching 
interests/philosophy 
and research plans, and at least three original letters 
of reference with contact information by November 15, 2007, to: John 
Engell, Chair, Department of English & Comparative Literature, San Jose 
State University, One Washington Square, San Jose, CA 95192-0090. 
Please include Job Opening ID ( JOID 013044) on all correspondence. 
San Jose State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer 
committed to nondiscrimination on the bases of race, color, religion, 
national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender status, marital status, 
pregnancy, age, disability, or covered veteran status consistent with 
applicable federal and state laws. [R] 

Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Assistant Professor of Literatures of the African Diaspora 952 

http://english.
stanford.edu 

The Department of English, in partnership with the Center for Comparative 
Studies in Race and Ethnicity (CCSRE) at Stanford University, is 
seeking to appoint an Assistant Professor working on the literatures of African 
diasporic communities. The successful candidate will be expected 
to teach courses in the English Department at both the graduate and undergraduate 
levels, and to cross-list courses with CCSRE. The successful 
candidate’s home department for tenure review will be the Stanford 
Department of English. 

Applicants should send curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a brief 
statement of research interests, and a writing sample, and arrange for three 
letters of reference to be mailed to Professor Ramón Saldívar, Chair, Department 
of English, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-2087. For 
full consideration, materials must be received by 10/19/
07. The term of 
appointment would begin 9/1/
08. Stanford University is an equal opportunity 
employer 
and is com mitted to increasing the diversity of its 
faculty. It welcomes nominations of and applicants from women and minority 
groups, as well as others who would bring additional dimensions to 
the university’s research and teaching missions. [R] 

Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 894 

http://english.
stanford.edu 

The Department of English at Stanford University is seeking applicants 
for a tenure track Assistant Professor working in the field of medieval literature. 
The successful candidate will be expected to teach courses at both 
the graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Applicants should send curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a brief 
statement of research interests, and a writing sample, and arrange for three 
letters of reference to be mailed to Professor Ramón Saldívar, Chair, Department 
of English, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-2087. For 
full consideration, materials must be received by 10/19/
07. The term of 
appointment would begin 9/1/
08. Stanford University is an equal opportunity 
employer 
and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. 
It welcomes nominations of and applicants from women and minority 
groups, as well as others who would bring additional dimensions to the 
university’s research and teaching missions. [R] 

Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Professor of American Literature 911 

http://english.
stanford.edu 

The Department of English at Stanford University is seeking to make an 
appointment at the tenured level, open rank (preference for early senior 
appointment), of a scholar working on American literature prior to 1860. 
The successful candidate will be expected to teach courses at both the 
graduate and undergraduate levels. 

Applicants should send curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a brief 
statement of research interests, and names and addresses of three referees 
to Professor Ramón Saldívar, Chair, Department of English, Stanford 
University, Stanford, CA 94305-2087. For full consideration, materials 
must be received by 11/30/
07. Stanford University is an equal opportunity 
employer 
and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. 
It welcomes nominations of and applicants from women and minority 
groups, as well as others who would bring additional dimensions to the 
university’s research and teaching missions. [R] 

Stanford U 

English, Bldg 460, 450 Serra Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Assistant Professor of British Literature 892 

http://english.
stanford.edu 

The Department of English at Stanford University is seeking applicants 
for a tenure track Assistant Professor working in the field of British literature 
in one or more of the historical periods between 1660 and 1914. The 
successful candidate will be expected to teach courses at both the graduate 
and undergraduate levels. 

Applicants should send curriculum vitae, a list of publications, a brief 
statement of research interests, and a writing sample, and arrange for three 
letters of reference to be mailed to Professor Ramón Saldívar, Chair, Department 
of English, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-2087. For 
full consideration, materials must be received by 10/19/
07. The term of 
appointment would begin 9/1/
08. Stanford University is an equal opportunity 
employer 
and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. 
It welcomes nominations of and applicants from women and minority 
groups, as well as others who would bring additional dimensions to the 
univers ity’s research and teaching missions. [R] 



U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of English 754 

http://english.
berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks to appoint a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor (Ph.D. required by the end of first year of appointment), 
tenured Associate Professor, or full Professor specializing in Old 
English language and literature. The appointment is to be effective July 1, 
2008, subject to budgetary approval. Candidates should send application 
letter, dossier or at least three letters of recommendation (Associate 
and full Professors please include just the names and current addresses 
of three referees in place of the dossier), self-addressed stamped postcard 
for acknowledgment, and two copies of both CV and writing sample 
of no more than 6000 words to Search Chair, English Department, 
322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC Berkeley, Berkeley CA 94720-1030. All 
applications must be postmarked no later than October 26, 2007, to be 
considered. The University of California is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Refer potential reviewers to the UC B erkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html. [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor of English 753 

http://english.
berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for a tenure-track 
position as Assistant Professor (Ph.D. required by the end of f irst year 
of appointment) specializing in American Literature after 1900, including 
minority literatures and transnational approaches. The appointment 
is to be effective July 1, 2008, subject to budgetary approval. Candidates 
should send application letter, dossier or at least three letters of recommendation, 
self-addressed stamped postcard for acknowledgment, and 
two copies of both CV and writing sample of no more than 6000 words 
to Search Chair, English Department, 322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC 
Berkeley, Berkeley CA 94720-1030. All applications must be postmarked 
no later than October 26, 2007, to be considered. The University of California 
is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Refer potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html. [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor of English 752 

http://english.
berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for a tenure-track 
position as Assistant Professor (Ph.D. required by the end of first year of 
appointment) specializing in African American Literature and Culture 
after 1900, with a preference for scholars working within the context of 
the African diaspora. The appointment is to be effective July 1, 2008, 
subject to budgetary approval. Candidates should send application letter, 
dossier or at least three letters of recommendation, self-addressed stamped 
postcard for acknowledgment, and two copies of both CV and writing 
sample of no more than 6000 words to Search Chair, English Department, 
322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC Berkeley, Berkeley CA 94720-1030. 
All applications must be postmarked no later than October 26, 2007, to be 
considered. The University of California is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Refer potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html. [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

Theater, Dance, and Performance Studies, 101 Dwinelle Annex 
Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor of Dance Practice and Dance Studies 90 

http://theater.
berkeley.edu 

The Department of Theater, Dance, and Performance Studies is conducting 
a search for a tenure-track assistant professor in dance practice and 
dance studies, beginning July 1, 2008. Candidates should have the demonstrated 
ability to work meaningfully with students trained in modern dance 
while expanding their repertoire in postmodern dance, dance-theater, in 
non-European dance forms, and/or 
other cross-cultural dance practice. 
Candidates should also be interested in cultivating artistic and scholarly 
relationships with other wings of our theater and performance studies curriculum. 
The ideal candidate will contribute substantially to all aspects of 
the curriculum in dance technique, dance choreography, and dance history 
and theory for undergraduate and graduate students. The ideal candidate 
will also show promise as a future supervisor of a curriculum in dance 
practice and dance studies. All applications should include a CV, a dossier, 
and the names and current addre sses of at least three referees. 

Applicants should send writing samples and/or 
performance documentation 
in support of the application; supporting materials cannot be returned 
without a self-addressed stamped envelope. 

Please direct referees to the University statement on confidentiality of 
records, found at http://apo.
chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.
html. Send materials 
to Shannon Jackson, Chair, Department of Theater, Dance, and 
Performance Studies, 101 Dwinelle Annex, University of California, 
Berkeley, CA 94720-2560. Postmarked deadline for applications is November 
1, 2007. See our website for further information: http://ls.
berkeley.
edu/dept/
theater/index.
html. 

The University of California is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Associate Professor/Advanced 
Assistant Professor of Rhetoric
Composition 938 

http://writingprogram.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The University Writing Program (UWP) of the University of California 
at Davis seeks a tenure-line associate professor or advanced assistant professor 
to direct the lower-division writing component of the UWP and to 
teach undergraduate and graduate courses in academic writing, writing in 
disciplines and professions, and the theory and pedagogy of composition 
and rhetoric. Negotiated reduction in teaching for administrative duties. 
We are seeking a teacher/scholar 
with significant administrative experience 
in first-year writing programs, in preparation/mentoring 
of graduate 
students to teach writing, and with such issues as placement, curriculum 
design, and writing support services. Candidates for this position should 
have an active research agenda in one or more of the following f ields: 
models of writing pedagogy, the first-year writing curriculum, technologies 
of writing, writing assessment, writing in disciplines/professions, 
teaching of college-level writing to English learners, writing in multicultural 
settings, and so forth. Ph.D. required in rhet/comp, 
professional/ 
technical 
communication, or closely-related field. 

The successful candidate will join an independent writing program at a 
top-flight research university with an established emphasis on writing 
in the disciplines and professions, as well as a diverse student population. 
The University Writing Program publishes the award-winning journal 
Writing on the Edge and enjoys the support of Daviss renowned programs 
in the sciences, environmental studies, agriculture, and engineering, plus 
close ties with the arts, the humanities, and the School of Education. Locat 
ed in Northern Californias Central Valley, adjacent to Sacramento and 
within easy driving distance of the Bay Area and the Sierras, UC Davis 
offers a superb, diverse environment for teaching and research. Websites: 
www.ucdavis.edu and writingprogram.ucdavis.edu. 



Application letter, vita, scholarly writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
to: 

Christopher Thaiss, Search Committee Chair, University Writing Program, 
University of California, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616 

We will begin reading applications on October 19, 2007. We will conduct 
a first round of phone interviews beginning November 13, and we plan to 
bring finalists to campus beginning just after January 1, 2008. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/equal 
employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities and veterans. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

United States Literature 1870-Present, Open Rank 473 

http://wwwenglish.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for an open rank Professorship in United States literature 
1870-present. We are especially seeking expertise in one or more of the 
following subfields: 

African-American literature 

U.S. modernisms and their 19th-century 
antecedents 

Contemporary U.S. literature (especially poetry) 

Literature of the American West/Literature 
of California/Pacific 
Rim 
literature 


New media and/or 
Technocultural studies 

U.S. dramatic literature 

Responsibilities will include teaching undergraduate and graduate 
courses, serving on dissertation committees, directing dissertations, and 
to be an active participant in the department. 

Candidates must show achievement or strong promise of scholarly productivity, 
and a commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels, leadership abilities, and an interest in 
mentoring students. 

To ensure consideration prior to the MLA convention, se nd letter of application, 
c.v., dossier containing at least three or four letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample (20–25 pages) to Elizabeth Freeman, Chair 
of the Search Committee, Department of English, One Shields Avenue, 
Davis, CA 95616. The position is open until filled. For full consideration, 
applications should be postmarked no later than November 9, 2007. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/equal 
employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities and veterans. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Victorian Literature, Rank Open 472 

http://wwwenglish.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites 
applications 
for an open-rank position in Victorian literature, to begin 
Fall 2008. 

Candidates must show achievement or strong promise of scholarly productivity, 
and a commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels, leadership abilities, and an interest in 
mentoring students. 

To ensure consideration prior to the MLA convention, send letter of application, 
c.v., dossier, and a writing sample (20–25 pages) to Catherine 
Robson, Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, One 
Shields Ave., University of California, Davis, CA 95616. The position 
is open until filled. For full consideration, applications should be postmarked 
no later than November 9, 2007. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/equal 
employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities and veterans. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Creative Writer-Fiction, Assistant Professor 508 

http://wwwenglish.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, has a tenuretrack 
opening for a fiction writer, beginning Fall 2008. The rank is Assistant 
Professor. We seek applications from writers whose reputation is on 
the rise and who are committed to excellence in teaching in both lecture 
and workshop formats. The individual hired will be expected to direct 
M.A. theses, to teach undergraduate and graduate workshops in fiction, to 
teach undergraduate literature courses, and to be an active participant in 
the department. A demonstrated interest in one or more of the following 
areas is desirable: literature and gender, literature and the environment, 
multi-ethnic literature; and African-American literature. Advanced degree 
preferred. Applicants must have published one book of fiction. 

Send a letter of application with a statement of creative and teaching interests, 
a c.v., a writing sample (25–50 pages or book), and a dossier that 
contains three or four letter s of support. Applications should be sent to 
Pam Houston, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, One 
Shields Ave., University of California, Davis, CA 95616. The position 
is open until filled. For full consideration, applications should be postmarked 
by November 9, 2007. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/equal 
employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities and veterans. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Av, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric Composition 924 

http://writingprogram.
ucdavis.edu/ 

The University Writing Program of the University of California at Davis 
seeks a tenure-line assistant professor to teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses in academic writing, writing in disciplines and professions, and 
the theory and pedagogy of composition and rhetoric. We are seeking in 
particular a teacher/scholar 
with significant research in literacies and literacy 
development, with concentration in such areas as writing/rhetorics 
of diverse populations, teaching of college-level writing to English learners, 
and assessment of writing in multicultural settings, among others. Interest 
in and potential for writing program administration in a Research I 
public university is required. PhD or ABD (degree completed by Summer 
2008) in rhet/comp, 
professional/technical 
communication, or closelyrelated 
field. 

The successful candidate will join an independent writing program at a 
top-flight research university with an established emphasis on writing 
in the disciplines and professions, as well as a diverse student population. 
The University Writing Program publishes the award-winning journal 
Writing on the Edge and enjoys the support of Daviss renowned programs 
in the sciences, environmental studies, agriculture, and engineering, plus 
close ties with the arts, the humanities, and the School of Education. Located 
in Northern Californias Central Valley, adjacent to Sacramento and 
within easy driving distance of the Bay Area and the Sierras, UC Davis 
offers a superb, diverse environment for teaching and research. Websites: 
www.ucdavis.edu and writingprogram.ucdavis.edu. 

Application letter, vita, scholarly writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
to: 



Christopher Thaiss, Search Committee Chair, University Writing Program, 
University of California, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616 

We will begin reading applications on October 19, 2007. We will conduct 
a first round of phone interviews beginning November 13, 2007, and we 
plan to bring finalists to campus beginning just after January 1, 2008. 

UC Davis is an aff irmative action/equal 
employment opportunity 
employer 
and is dedicated to recruiting a diverse faculty community. We 
welcome all qualified applicants to apply, including women, minorities, 
individuals with disabilities, and veterans. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

Womens and Gender Studies Program, One Shields Ave 2222 Hart 
Hall Davis CA 95616 

Advanced Assistant/Associate 
Professor 253 

http://wms.
ucdavis.edu/wgssite/ 


The Women and Gender Studies Program at the University of California, 
Davis seeks applications for a full-time, tenure track, advanced assistant/ 
associate 
professorship to begin 1 July 2008. Candidates whose teaching 
and research combines gender and critical race or transnational theory 
with film or media studies and/or 
sexualities studies will be given preference. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D or equivalent. Candidates must provide 
evidence of scholarly promise, demonstrated excellence in teaching, 
a strong commitment to departmental and university service, and demonstrate 
leadership potential. We are seeking candidates who can participate 
fully in the research, teaching, and service of the Women and Gender 
Studies program at Davis. We offer an undergraduate major and minor 
program and a graduate level Designated Emphasis in Feminist Theory 
and Research. Faculty members participate in the Cultural Studies 
Graduate Group and in the undergraduate Sexualities minor a nd maintain 
close ties to the American, Native American, African and African 
American, Asian American, and Chicano/a 
Studies programs on campus. 
We are seeking candidates who can help us deliver our undergraduate and 
graduate curriculum and who are interested in sustaining cross disciplinary, 
cross departmental connections to other units on the campus. 

Please send a letter of application, a CV, a sample of written work, and a 
list of referees to Professor Susan Kaiser, c/o 
Shaunna Ludwig, Women 
and Gender Studies program, One Shields Ave, 2222 Hart Hall, University 
of California, Davis, CA 95616. The position is open until filled, with 
review of applications beginning 15th November 2007. 

The University of California, Davis and the Women and Gender Studies 
Program are interested in candidates who are committed to the highest 
standards of scholarship and professional activities, and to the development 
of a campus climate that supports equality and diversity. The University 
of California is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 


U of California, Irvine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Associate or Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 588 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at UC Irvine invites applications for Associate 
or Assistant level professor in Medieval Literature. Especially desirable 
are strength in religion and religious studies, and/or 
specialty in earlier 
Middle English, Anglo-Norman, or Anglo-Saxon literatures. We seek a 
candidate with demonstrated excellence in medieval literature and strong 
teaching record, correlative with experience. Ph.D. required by July 1, 
2008. Applicants should send letter of application, vita, dossier, and 20–25 
page writing sample to the Medieval Search Committee, English Department, 
University of California, Irvine CA 92697-2650, by November 1, 
2007. We will interview at the MLA convention. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 590 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University of California, Irvine invites 
applications for an entry level tenure-track position in Renaissance Literature. 
We seek a candidate with strong evidence of promise as a scholar 
and teacher. Ph.D. required for the appointment, beginning July 1, 2008. 
Applicants are requested to upload letters of application, vita, dossier (3 
letters minimum), and a 25 page writing sample to https://recruit.ap.uci 
.edu/by 
November 1, 2007. We will interview at the MLA convention. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature and Culture 592 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University of California, Irvine invites 
applications for an entry level tenure-track position in Victorian Literature 
and Culture. Applicants are requested to upload letters of application, vita, 
dossier (3 letters minimum), and a 20–25 page writing sample to https:// 
recruit.ap.uci.edu/by 
November 1, 2007. We will interview at the MLA 
Convention. Ph.D. required by appointment date of July 1, 2008. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

English, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Professor of Literary Theory 471 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University of California, Irvine seeks a 
full professor with strong credentials in theory and an interest in anchoring 
theoretical inquiry in other forms of literary and cultural studies. 

Please send letter of interest and curriculum vitae to Jerome Christensen, 
Chair, RE: Literary Theory Search, Department of English, University of 
California at Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697-2650. Review of applications will 
begin on October 15. Position remains open until filled. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to excellence through diversity and has an Advance Program 
for faculty equity and diversity. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

Women’s Studies, 352 Murray Krieger Hall Irvine CA 92697 

Assistant Professor in Women’s Studies 145 

http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/SOH/
faculty/jobs.
php 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR SEARCH, 2007–2008 

Irvine announces an opening for a beginning tenure-track, assistant professor 
in cultural studies of gender. We seek candidates with strong theoretical 
grounding in feminist studies, evidence of transnational research, 
and sophisticated analysis of the problematics of knowledge production in 
one or more of the following areas: sexuality studies, history and theory, 
critical geography, cultural anthropology, critical legal studies, critical 
race studies, and/or 
cultural studies. PhD in hand required at the time 
of appointment. Letter of application, CV, three recommendation letters, 
and a research writing sample should be uploaded electronically by November 
30, 2007. Please see the following website for instructions: 



http://www.
humanities.uci.edu/SOH/
faculty/jobs.
php. The University 
of California, Irvine, is an Equal Opportunity employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity and has a National Science Foundation Advance 
Gender Equity Program. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

College of Letters and Science, Office of the Dean of Humanities 2300 
Murphy Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

UCLA Digital Humanities Open-rank Faculty Position 824 

http://www.
digitalhumanities.ucla.edu 

The University of California, Los Angeles, invites applications for an 
open-rank faculty position in Digital Humanities beginning July 1, 2008. 
Specializations may include, but are not limited to: new media and cultural/
literary 
studies, computational sciences and culture, globalization 
and media, visual studies, GIS and cultural mapping, advanced visualization, 
Internet culture, and media theory. The successful candidate will 
have a demonstrated ability to work across disciplines on broad-based humanities 
projects that build bridges between humanists and technologists 
through interdisciplinary collaboration. Applicants should demonstrate 
a strong commitment and innovative approach to teaching and research. 
Administrative experience working with technology staff and funding 
agencies is desirable. The successful candidate will be appointed in one or 
more academic departments. He/she 
will work closely with interdisciplinary 
centers, including the Center for Digital H umanities, and is expected 
to assume a central role in UCLAs vibrant digital humanities community. 
Please note that UCLA is conducting two additional searches in the field 
of Digital Humanities, as follows: A search by the Department of English 
in the area of New Media and a search for a Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow 
in Digital Humanities. For more information, please visit: http://www 
.digitalhumanities.ucla.edu 

A Ph.D. is required by July 2008. To apply, please send an application 
letter, CV, three letters of recommendation, and representative research 
publications by November 20, 2007, to: 

Chair of Digital Humanities Search Committee, 2300 Murphy Hall, Box 
951438, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1438 

Position subject to final budgetary approval. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 149 Humanities Building Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor in New Media 53 

http://www.
english.ucla.edu 

The English Department at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
is searching for a specialist in New Media/New 
Media Theory; assistant 
professor level is preferred but we will also consider recently tenured associate 
professors. Areas of specialization include New Media theory, electronic 
literature, media-specific analysis with emphasis on the electronic 
textuality, computer/video 
games, and digital art forms with an emphasis 
on the literary. Strong teaching credentials are desirable and demonstrated 
potential for innovative research and publication is essential. Send application 
letter, C.V., and 25–30 page writing sample by November 10, 2007 
to Professor and Chair Rafael Perez-Torres, UCLA Department of English, 
149 Humanities Bldg., Box 951530, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. 
Position subject to final budgetary approval. 

UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
The English 
Department has a strong commitment to the achievement of excellence 
a nd diversity among its faculty and staff. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 149 Humanities Building Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing 56 

http://www.
english.ucla.edu 

The English Department at the University of California, Los Angeles, is 
searching or a tenure-track assistant professor in fiction writing. Candidates 
must have a strong interest in teaching at the undergraduate level. 
Successful candidates will have a demonstratable publication record appropriate 
for their stage of career, as well as a proven commitment to 
teaching. Send application letter, resume, and 30-page writing sample by 
December 1, 2007 to Professor and Chair Rafael Perez-Torres, UCLA 
Department of English, 149 Humanities Bldg., Box 951530, Los Angeles, 
CA 90095-1530. Position subject to final budgetary approval. UCLA is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encourage to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 149 Humanities Building Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Post-Colonial Literature 55 

http://www.
english.ucla.edu 

The English Department at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
seeks appicants for a tenure-track position in post-colonial literary studies. 
Assistant professor level is preferred, but we will also consider recently 
tenured associate professors. Special consideration will be given to applicants 
whose research and teaching will contribute to UCLA’s global studies 
and transnational studies programs. Please submit application letter, 
C.V., dossier and 25–30 page writing sample by November 10, 2007 to 
Professor and Chair Rafael Perez-Torres, UCLA Department of English, 
149 Humanities Bldg., Box 951530, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Position 
subject to final budgetary approval. 

UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
The English 
Department has a strong commitment to the achievement of excellence 
and diversity among its faculty and staff. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Riverside 

English, 900 University Av HMNSS #1202 Riverside CA 92521 

British Romanticism-open rank 370 

http://www.
ucr.edu/ 

British Romanticism. UC Riverside English Department is recruiting for 
an open rank position in Romantic literature, beginning July 1, 2008. We 
are particularly interested in scholars whose research centers on any aspect 
of the literature between 1780 and 1830. We invite applications that address 
issues such as colonialism and postcolonial theory; gender and sexuality; 
racial and/or 
ethnic discourse, or Marxist theory. PhD is required, 
as are teaching experience and a dedication to teaching excellence. A record 
or compelling promise of research publication is required for a junior 
level appointment. A national reputation in the field and established publication 
record is required for a senior appointment. Salary and rank are 
commensurate with education, experience, and publication record. Please 
send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 20–25 pp. writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation sent by the referees or in an academic 
placement file. Review of applications will begin November 15, 2007 and 
the position will be open until filled. Applications should be addressed to 
Katherine Kinney, Chair, Department of English-40, University of California, 
Riverside, Riverside, CA 92521-0323. All applicants will receive 
acknowledgement of receipt of the application. Candidates may be interviewed 
at the MLA convention in Chicago. UCR is an EO/AA 
employer 



U of California, San Diego 

Lit, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093 

Associate to Full Professor of Poetry or Fiction Writing 684 

http://literature.
ucsd.edu 

Seeking a creative writer at a senior level to teach in a thriving undergraduate 
program and new MFA program. We invite applications from 
poets and fiction writers for this tenured position, and we welcome candidates 
with interdisciplinary and innovative approaches to narrative and/or 
poetics. Applicants should have a distinguished record of publication and 
a history of effective teaching, as well as an interest in teaching within a 
world literature department with a focus on cultural, ethnic, and gender 
studies and critical theory. Members of the Departments Writing Section 
share administrative duties on a rotational basis, so evidence of administrative 
talent and experience, and a willingness to serve, is desirable. 

Salary commensurate with experience and based on UC pay scale. Immigration 
status of non-citizens should be stated in CV. Send letter of application, 
CV, dossier, and writing sample(s) of published work to: 

Writing Search Committee Chair, Department of Literature 0410, 
University 
of California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 
92093-0410 

Applicants are encouraged to include in their cover letters a personal statement 
summarizing teaching experience and interests, leadership efforts, 
and/or 
contributions to diversity. Refer to position #149MLA. No electronic 
applications are accepted. For return of writing sample(s), enclose a 
large self-addressed envelope with adequate postage. 

Closing date is November 15, 2007 

UCSD is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
committed to 
excellence through diversity. Applicants are invited to preview campus 
diversity resources and programs at http://diversity.ucsd.edu (Diversity at 
UC San Diego) 

To assist applicants who may have concerns regarding employment opportunities 
for spouses/partners, 
please consider the UCSD Academic 
Job Opportunities Bulletin (http://academicaffairs.
ucsd.edu/offices/
aaa/ 
recruitment), 
the Staff Employment Opportunity Bulletin (http://joblink. 
ucsd.edu) or employment opportunities at other education and research 
institutions in San Diego (http://ucsd.
edu/sandiego.
html). [R] 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor in Literature and Environment 658 

http://www.
english.ucsb.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor. We invite applicants for the position of 
Assistant Professor in the interdisciplinary field of Literature and Environment. 
The Search Committee aims to attract scholars working in environmentalist 
scholarship attuned to major turns in literary, cultural, and 
media studies. Since the 1980s, ecocriticism has evolved from a finelytuned 
set of concerns in Romanticism and US/American 
Studies to include 
the study of ecology in its broadest implications. We envision a 
scholar of Literature and Environment working in any literary or cultural 
period and area of specialization. We are especially interested in a scholar 
who may contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching and service. 

Send letter of application, c.v., three letters of recommendation, and a 
writing sample (25 page limit) to Professor Stephanie LeMenager; Search 
Committee Chair; Department of English; University of California/San 
ta Barbara; Santa Barbara, CA 93106-3170. Base salary dependent upon 
qualifications; Ph.D. in English or Comparative literature required. Effective 
date of position: July 1, 2008. 

To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by November 
2, 2007. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. UC Santa 
Barbara is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor in Medieval Literature 58 

http://www.
english.ucsb.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor. We invite applications in Medieval literary 
studies. Training in other British languages and literatures (Welsh, 
Irish, Scottish, Anglo-Norman, Latin) is appreciated but not required. We 
are especially interested in a scholar who may contribute to new collaborative 
research and teaching initiatives within the Department, someone 
who can teach a range of courses in Medieval literature, and contribute 
to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through research, 
teaching and service. (Please visit the UCSB English website for 
information on our department’s ongoing initiatives as well as the interdepartmental 
Medieval Studies website: http://medievalstudies.
ucsb.edu). 
Base salary dependent upon qualifications. Position effective July 1, 2008. 
Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 

Send letter of application, dossier, and non-returnable sample of written 
work (20pp or less) to Medieval Search Committee, Departmen t of English, 
University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106-3170. 

To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by November 
2, 2007. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. The University 
of California is an EO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

Writing Program, 1520 South Hall Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Lecturer 346 

http://www.
writing.ucsb.edu/ 

LECTURESHIPS IN COMPOSITION WRITING PROGRAM 

Deadline for primary consideration, November 9, 2007; however, positions 
are open until filled. 

The UCSB Writing Program invites applications for the 2008–2009 academic 
year for LECTURERS in composition. Lecturers teach lower division 
courses, including courses for EOP students, and advanced writing 
courses in the humanities, social sciences and various professional areas. 
We are particularly interested in lecturers who can teach professional 
writing (business, technical, journalistic) as well as academic writing. 
Demonstrated excellence in university teaching required; research, publication, 
or other professional activity relevant to the teaching of writing 
preferred. Ph.D. or equivalent terminal degree required; exceptions may 
be made for comparable experience. Full-time Lecturers hired in this national 
search may receive two-year contracts with possibility of renewal, 
potentially leading to continuing appointment status. 

Salaries vary with training and experience and include full benefits. Terms 
and conditions of employment are subject to UC policy and any appropriate 
collective bargaining agreement. For more information, please visit 
our web site, www.writing.ucsb.edu. 

Send letter of application, CV, and letters of reference to: Chair; Writing 
Program Appointments Committee; University of California, Santa Barbara, 
CA 93106-3010. (No electronic submissions, please, but do provide 
an email address.) The program is especially interested in candidates who 
can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through teaching, professional development activi ties, and service. For 
primary consideration applications must be postmarked no later than November 
9, 2007. An EEO/AA 
Employer. 


U of Redlands 

English, PO Box 3080 1200 E Colton Av Redlands CA 92373 

Director of Writing Across the Curriculum 197 

http://www.
redlands.edu 

The University of Redlands seeks a director for its composition and Writing 
Across the Curriculum programs. The successful candidate will be 



charged with supporting thoughtful undergraduate writing instruction 
across diverse disciplines. Responsibilities include: 

• assessing, developing, promoting, and teaching in the writing program; 

• training, mentoring, and advising disciplinary faculty in writing pedagogy 
and curricular design, through instructional workshops and other 
means; 

• placing students and assessing their progress in writing-intensive courses 
and composition classes; 

• developing composition program curriculum; 

• hiring and overseeing lecturer and adjunct faculty; 

• advising faculty on the sensible use of computer applications in smallclass 
writing instruction; 

• advising students about their progress with writing requirements; 

• assessing and meeting the learning needs of “generation 1.5” students; 
and 

• developing program assessment projects. 

Must have PhD i n hand in Composition/Rhetoric 
or a related field. The 
following are desirable: at least 4 years of successful university teaching; at 
least 2 years of administrative experience; demonstrated leadership skills; 
knowledge of rhetorical theory; creativity in writing curriculum development; 
expertise in testing, program assessment, and/or 
language acquisition; 
experience with team grading and/or 
portfolio scoring; strong 
interdisciplinary interests. 

Please furnish the following materials to Heather King, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Redlands, Redlands, CA 92373-0999: 
CV, dossier containing 3 letters of recommendation, a description of r elevant 
experience, a statement of teaching philosophy, and a 15–20 page 
writing sample. We will begin reading applications as of October 15. Position 
open until filled. 

The University of Redlands is a liberal-arts university with an undergraduate 
student body of 2400, located between Los Angles and Palm Springs. 
The University of Redlands is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and does 
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, nondisqualifying 
disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status, national 
origin, or ethnic origin. Members of underrepresented groups are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Redlands 

English, PO Box 3080 1200 E Colton Av Redlands CA 92373 

Lecturer in English Composition 298 

http://www.
redlands.edu 

The University of Redlands seeks a full-time lecturer to teach a range of 
expository writing courses at the lower-and upper-division levels. Graduate 
degree in Composition/Rhetoric 
or a related field required, together 
with a commitment to teaching argumentative and analytic writing to 
undergraduates. The following are desirable: Scholarly or teaching interests 
in rhetorical theory, basic writing, language acquisition, persuasive 
writing, and/or 
business, scientific, or technical writing. 

Please furnish the following materials to Claudia Ingram, University 
of Redlands, 1200 East Colton Avenue, PO Box 3080, Redlands, CA 
92373-0999: CV, dossier containing three (3) letters of recommendation, 
a statement of composition teaching philosophy, a sample of teaching materials, 
and a 10–15 page writing sample. We will begin reading applications 
as of October 15. Position open until filled. 

The University of Redlands is a liberal-arts university with an undergraduate 
student body of 2400, located between Los Angeles and Palm 
Springs. The University of Redlands is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, nondisqualifying 
disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital 
status, national origin, or ethnic origin. Members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of San Diego 

English, 5998 Alcala Park San Diego CA 92110 

Assistant Professor of English in Medieval Studies 283 

http://www.
sandiego.edu 

The Department of English of the University of San Diego invites applications 
for the position of assistant professor of medieval studies starting 
in August 2008. The teaching load is 3/3 
with the possibility of course 
reduction through the Faculty Research Grant program of the College. 
Please send detailed curriculum vitae and letter of application only by 
November 1 to Dr. Joseph McGowan, Chair, Medieval Studies Search 
Committee, Department of English, University of San Diego, 5998 Alcala 
Park, San Diego, CA 92110-2492. Interviews will be held at MLA 
2007 in Chicago. The University of San Diego is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Southern California 

English, Taper Hall 404 Los Angeles CA 90089 

Assistant Professor 510 

http://www.
usc.edu 

The English Department at USC invites applications for a position as assistant 
professor in ethnic literatures, especially African-American, but also 
Asian-American, Chicano-Latino, Native American, and Pacific Islands. 
PhD should be in hand or expected by August 2008. An application letter, 
CV, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation should be sent 
by November 1, 2007, to The Search Committee, Department of English 
0354, 3501 Trousdale Parkway, University of Southern California, Los 
Angeles, CA 90089-0354, USA. USC values diversity and is committed 
to equal opportunity in employment. Women and men, and members of 
all racial and ethnic groups, are encouraged to apply. 

Colorado 

Colorado C 

English, 14 E Cache la Poudre Colorado Springs CO 80903 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, Fiction 120 

http://www.
ColoradoCollege.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Creative Writing, Fiction. The English 
Department at Colorado College seeks a fiction writer with a strong 
record of publication and teaching. Terminal degree such as MFA, PhD 
or equivalent preferred. Opportunity to teach courses in broad undergraduate 
liberal arts curriculum. Commitment to undergraduate teaching 
and an active writing program are essential, as are willingness to mentor 
students and assist with visiting writers. Colorado College is a highly 
selective liberal arts institution with a history of innovative and interdisciplinary 
teaching. Flexible schedule for additional writing time. Send 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy 
and four letters of recommendation by October 29, 2007, to Professor 
David Mason, Department of English, Colorado College, 14 E. Cache La 
Poudre St., Colorado Springs, CO 80903. Colorado College is committed 
to increasing the diversity of the College community and curriculum; 
candidates who can contribute to this goal are particularly encouraged to 
apply and to identify themselves and their relevant experience. EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITYEMPLOYER: 
Colorado College welcomes members 
of all groups and reaffirms its commitment not to discriminate on 
the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation 
or disability in its educational programs, activities, and employment 
practices. For more information about Colorado College, see http://www 
.coloradocollege.edu. [R] 



Colorado SU 

English, 359 Eddy Bldg Fort Collins CO 80523 

Assistant Professor of Modern and Contemporary American Literature 139 

http://www.
colostate.edu/Depts/
English 

Colorado State University. Nine-month, tenure-track appointment to 
begin August 15, 2008. Required Qualif ications: Ph.D. or equivalent 
in modern and contemporary American literature or American Studies 
in hand at time of appointment, evidence of scholarly potential, and 
teaching experience with evidence of excellence. Send letter of interest, 
vita, writing sample (10–20 pages), dossier which includes evidence 
of strengths in teaching, and three letters of reference to Professor Pattie 
Cowell, Chair, American Literature Search Committee, Department of 
English, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80523-1773. This 
is an open search: application materials, including letters of recommendation 
of semi-finalist candidates, will be made available for review by the 
entire faculty of the Department of English. Applications will be considered 
until the position is filled; however, for full consideration, applications 
must be postmarked by November 15, 2007. Routin e inquiries 
to Sue.Russell@colostate.edu. For a complete position description, visit 
the department web site at www.colostate.edu/Depts/
English. CSU is an 
EO/AA 
employer. 
EO office is 101 Student Services Building. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant Professor of English: British Modernism 362 

http://www.
colorado.edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Colorado at Boulder announces 
a tenure-track position in British Modernism, with a corollary 
interest in Anglophone and/or 
Irish literatures, to begin August 2008. 
Cross-disciplinary research interests and work that explores modernism 
as a global phenomenon is particularly desirable. Ph.D. in hand by August 
2008 is required for appointment as assistant professor. The normal 
teaching load is 2/2, 
and includes undergraduate English-major courses 
and graduate courses. Interviews will take place at the MLA convention 
in Chicago. Send letter of application, c.v., and at least three letters of reference 
(do not send a writing sample at this time) to: 

British Modernism Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309-0226 

Postmark deadline: October 20, 2007. The University of Colorado at 
Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. 
See www.Colorado.edu/ArtsSciences/Jobs/
for full job description. 

U of Colorado 

English, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assitant Professor of English: Digital Media 371 

http://www.
colorado.edu/english 


The Department of English at the University of Colorado at Boulder announces 
a tenure-track position in Digital Media, with expertise in a second 
literary and/or 
creative field, to begin August 2008. Ph.D. in hand 
by August 2008 is required for appointment as assistant professor. The 
normal teaching load is 2/2, 
and includes undergraduate English-major 
courses and graduate courses. Interviews will take place at the MLA convention 
in Chicago. Send letter of application, c.v., and at least three letters 
of reference (do not send a writing sample at this time) to: 

Digital Media Search Committee, Department of English, University of 
Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226 

Postmark deadline: October 20, 2007. The University of Colorado at 
Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. 
See www.Colorado.edu/ArtsSciences/
Jobs/for 
full job 
description. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 1420 Austin Bluffs Pky Colorado Springs CO 80933 

Assistant Professor of English, Classical Rhetoric and Writing 147 

http://www.
uccs.edu/~hr/ 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track, 2/3 
teaching load, specialist 
in Rhetoric/Writing 
with an emphasis in classical theory and ancient 
rhetorical traditions (including one or more of the following: Aristotelian, 
Neosophistic, and/or 
Feminist) to teach upper-level writing courses, including 
Advanced Composition, Seminar in Classical Theory, Topics in 
Rhetoric/Writing, 
as well as our core course in argument and inquiry. 
Teaching experience and a promising research agenda required. Ph.D. 
in hand by 1 July 2008. Please see our advertisement at http://www.
uccs 
.edu/~hr/under 
Employment Opportunities for more information about 
our campus and this position. Review of applications begins 5 November 
2007. The search continues until the position is filled. Preliminary 
interviews of select candidates will be conducted at the MLA meeting in 
December 2007. Please send a letter of application, a CV, a writing sample, 
teaching portfolio, official graduate transcripts, a nd three letters of recommendation 
to Susan Taylor, Rhetoric/Writing 
Search Committee Chair, 
Department of English, University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, P.O. 
Box 7150, 1420 Austin Bluffs Parkway, Colorado Springs, CO 80933- 
7150. The University of Colorado at Colorado Springs fosters equity in 
employment by promoting diversity and assuring inclusiveness. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, 1420 Austin Bluffs Pky Colorado Springs CO 80933 

Assistant Professor, Twentieth-­Century American Fiction 148 

http://www.
uccs.edu/~hr/ 

Assistant Professor, tenure track, 2/3 
teaching load, specialist in twentieth-
century 
American fiction with Ph.D. in English. Expertise in critical 
theory required. Teaching experience and a promising research agenda 
required. Degree in hand by 1 July 2008. Teach courses each semester 
in any of the following areas: twentieth-century 
American fiction; introductions 
to literature; critical theory; our interdisciplinary, team-taught 
humanities program; other areas of specialization. Interest in teaching 
dramatic works is desired. Ability to teach surveys of American literature 
from 1865 to the present is required. Preliminary interview of select candidates 
will be conducted at the MLA meeting in December 2007. For 
full consideration, applications must be postmarked by 5 November 2007. 
Applications postmarked after 5 November 2007 may not be given full 
consideration. The search continues until the position is filled. Please send 
a letter of application, a CV, a wr iting sample, official graduate transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to Lesley Ginsberg, American Literature 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, University of 
Colorado at Colorado Springs, P.O. Box 7150, 1420 Austin Bluffs Parkway, 
Colorado Springs, CO 80933-7150. The University of Colorado at 
Colorado Springs is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. Please see the complete job description at http://www.
uccs 
.edu/~hr/. [R] 

U of Northern Colorado 

English, 501 20th St Campus Box 109 Greeley CO 80639 

Assistant Professor of English in Middle English Literature 768 

http://hss.
unco.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, with a specialty in Middle 
English Literature. Ability to teach courses in linguistics and history of 
the language, and teaching experience in college-level courses required. 
Candidates should also demonstrate potential for scholarship. ABD considered, 
but doctorate required before appointment commences in August 
2008. 3/3 
teaching load. Position will offer the opportunity to teach 
a broad range of undergraduate and graduate courses. Standard workload 
also includes advising, committee work, and the supervision of MA theses. 
Deadline: postmarked by November 2, 2007. Send letter, CV, and 



three letters of recommendation to Joonok Huh, Director, University of 
Northern Colorado, School of English Language and Literature, 501 20th 
Street, Box 109, Greeley, CO 80639. Applications by email will not be 
accepted. Satisfactory completion of background and educational checks, 
authorization to work in the US, and official transcripts ar e required after 
a conditional offer of employment has been made. UNC is an equal opportunity/
affirmative 
action institution that does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, creed, religion, 
sexual preference or veteran status. For complete position description, see 
http://hss.
unco.edu. [R] 

U of Northern Colorado 

English, 501 20th St Campus Box 109 Greeley CO 80639 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 740 

http://hss.
unco.edu 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track. Film Studies. A doctorate in Film Studies 
or related field from an accredited university required before appointment 
commences. Dissertation and/or 
publications in f ield required. 
This position will contribute to a growing film community, including an 
interdisciplinary Film Studies minor. Evidence of potential for successful 
teaching, which will include Introduction to Film, History of Film, 
upper-division undergraduate and graduate courses in Film, with other 
teaching depending upon candidate’s experience and educational background. 
Candidates whose work addresses World or non-US Film are 
particularly encouraged to apply. Teaching load is 3 courses per semester 
with service and scholarship required. Deadline: postmarked by November 
2, 2007. Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
to Joonok Huh, Director, University of Northern Colorado, 
501 20th Street, School of English Language and Literature, Box 109, 
Greeley, CO 80639. Applications by email will not be accepted. Satisfactory 
completion of background and educational checks, authorization to 
work in the US, and official transcripts are required after a conditional 
offer of employment has been made. UNC is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action institution that does not discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, creed, religion, sexual 
preference or veteran status. For complete position description, see http:// 
hss.
unco.edu. [R] 

U of Northern Colorado 

English, 501 20th St Campus Box 109 Greeley CO 80639 

Assistant Professor of English in Composition and Rhetoric 770 

http://hss.
unco.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English. A doctorate in English, 
Rhetoric and Composition, or related field from an accredited university 
required before appointment commences. Candidate should demonstrate 
potential for scholarship in composition or related f ield. 3/3 
teaching 
load; teaching experience in college-level writing courses required. Position 
will offer the opportunity to teach a broad range of undergraduate 
classes and graduate classes at the MA level. Deadline: postmarked by 
November 2, 2007. Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of 
recommendation to Dr. Joonok Huh, Director, University of Northern 
Colorado, School of English Language and Literature, 501 20th Street, 
Box 109, Greeley, CO 80639. Applications by email will not be accepted. 
Satisfactory completion of background and educational checks, authorization 
to work in the US, and official transcripts are required after a 
conditional offer of employment has been made. UNC is an eq ual opportunity/
affirmative 
action institution that does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, creed, religion, 
sexual preference or veteran status. For complete position description, see 
http://hss.
unco.edu. [R] 

Connecticut 

Central Connecticut SU 

English, 1615 Stanley St New Britain CT 06050 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor, Director of Composition (#C08–019) 174 

http://www.
english.ccsu.edu/ 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor (depending upon experience) to serve as Director 
of Composition. Responsibilities include: development, placement, 
oversight, and assessment of remedial, basic, and advanced composition; 
supervision of part-time composition faculty; coordination of composition 
program efforts with CCSUs Writing Center; serving as resource for 
department faculty teaching composition; and teaching undergraduate 
composition, with opportunity for release time. Position also may include 
developing/teaching 
courses for a new Professional Writing program. 
Further responsibilities include publication, participation in conferences, 
committee work, and advising. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
with a subspecialty in 
computers and composition, professional writing, hypertext, or digital 
culture. 

Send letter of application highlighting search number(s), CV, sample 
publications, transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to: Gilbert L. 
Gigliotti, English Department Chair, Central Connecticut State University, 
1615 Stanley Street, New Britain, CT 06050. Applications must be 
received by December 14, 2007. CCSU offers a competitive salary and 
excellent benefits. [R] 

Fairfield U 

English, 1073 N Benson Rd Fairfield CT 06824 

Writing Program Administrator 756 

http://www.
fairfield.edu/cas_
writingdirector.html 

Writing Program Administrator, rank open, beginning Fall 2008, to 
oversee the English Departments Core writing courses at Fairfield University 
and partner with its Core Integration Initiative and Center for 
Academic Excellence on faculty development and curricular initiatives. 
We seek candidates with a Ph.D. in rhetoric, composition, or closely-related 
area; significant experience administering a writing program; and 
relevant publishing record sufficient to justify appointment at advanced 
rank. Additional information about the position can be found at: http:// 
www.
fairfield.edu/cas_
writingdirector.html. Application review begins 
October 15, 2007; applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
Submit letter of application, c.v., sample publication, and contact information 
for three references to Chair, WPA Search Committee, Department 
of English, DMH 130, N. Benson Rd., Fairfield University, Fairfield, CT 
06824. Founded in 1942, Fairfield University is an ind ependent Jesuit 
comprehensive university, located in southern Connecticut near Long 
Island Sound about one hour from New York City, three hours from 
Boston, and close to New Haven, CT. Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer; 
members of under-represented groups are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Fairfield U 

English, 1073 N Benson Rd Fairfield CT 06824 

Assistant Professor of 20th-­Century American Poetry 758 

http://www.
fairfield.edu 

Tenure-track assistant professor, specialist in twentieth-century 
American 
poetry, beginning Fall 2008, PhD in hand. We seek candidates with 
demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching and a promising 
research agenda. Theoretical approach open. Desirable fields of expertise 
include (but are not limited to) the following: ethnic American poetry 
and/or 
American poetry in transatlantic contexts. Teaching load is 3/3, 
including contributions to the University’s core curriculum (one course 
each semester in the first-year sequence of composition and introduction 



to literature, as well as sophomore-level literature courses such as Understanding 
Poetry and surveys of American poetry) and upper-level literature 
seminars in area of specialization. 

Send letter of application and CV, postmarked by October 26, 2007, to 
James Simon, Chair, English, DM 130, Fairf ield University, 1073 N. 
Benson Rd, Fairfield CT 06824. Interviews will be conducted at MLA 
in Chicago. 

Fairfield University, a Jesuit university in southwestern Connecticut, is 
located near Long Island Sound, about 50 miles from New York City. 

Fair f ield University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunit y 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, and persons with disabilities are strongly 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Connecticut 

English, 215 Glenbrook Rd, Unit 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 329 

http://english.
uconn.edu/ 

The University of Connecticut English Department and the Institute 
for African American Studies seek applicants for a tenure track Assistant 
Professorship in English and African American Literature in fall 2008. 
Candidates should have a Ph.D. in English with a specialty in African 
American literature. Successful candidate will teach upper-division and 
graduate classes in African American Literature and related areas, and on 
occasion survey and general education courses. The candidate will also 
develop interdisciplinary courses for the Institute. Teaching load is two 
courses per year for the English Department and two courses per year for 
the Institute. Responsibilities will include advising and mentoring students. 
Promotion and tenure is decided by the English Department in 
consultation with the Institute. 

Minimum Qualifications: Completed Ph.D. by 8/23/
08. Record of, or 
strong potential for, distinguished scholarship and effective teaching at 
the graduate/undergraduat 
e levels; the ability to interact with faculty/ 
administrators 
in the English Department and the Institute. 

Salary: Competitive. Submit complete application: cover letter, CV, 
three letters of recommendation, evidence of teaching experience and a 
15–25 page writing sample to Robert Tilton, Head, Department of English, 
AFAM Search, 215 Glenbrook Road, U-4025, University of Connecticut, 
Storrs, CT, 06269-4025 by November 9, 2007. Consideration 
of candidates will begin on November 9 and continue until the position 
is filled. The University of Connecticut actively solicits applications from 
minorities, women, and people with disabilities. [R] 

Wesleyan U 

English, 294 High St Middletown CT 06459 

Assistant Professor of English 61 

http://www.
wesleyan.edu 

Colonial and Early American Literature 

The Department of English at Wesleyan University seeks a specialist in 
colonial and early American literature written before 1820 for a tenure-
track appointment at the assistant professor level, beginning July 1, 
2008. Scholar-teachers whose scope of inquiry encompasses transatlantic 
and hemispheric networks of discourse and publication are encouraged 
to apply. We welcome applications from candidates with degrees in English, 
American Studies, Comparative Literature, or a related field. Faculty 
at Wesleyan have a strong commitment to both undergraduate teaching 
and scholarship. Candidates for this position should be actively engaged in 
scholarly research and writing and prepared to teach four literature courses 
per year (two per semester) to undergraduates. PhD in hand or near completion. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample (25 
pp maximum), evidence of teaching excellence, and at least three letters o 
f recommendation to Joel Pfister, Chair, Americanist Search Committee, 
Department of English, Wesleyan University, Middletown, CT 06459- 
0100. Applications postmarked by November 15, 2007, will receive full 
consideration. No faxes please. Wesleyan University values diversity and 
is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Yale U 

English, PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor of English 663 

http://www.
yale.edu/english 


Two or more assistant professors in the fields of British literature of any 
period before 1700 or in British, American, or Anglophone literature 
after 1900. Yale University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 
Yale values diversity among its students, faculty, and staff and 
strongly encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. 
Please send only letter of application, c.v., and two-page dissertation 
abstract to Langdon Hammer, Chair, Department of English, Yale 
University, P.O. Box 208302, New Haven, CT 06520-8302. Review of 
applications will begin November 1, 2007. [R] 

Yale U 

Program in Theater Studies, PO Box 208296 New Haven CT 06520- 
8296 

Assistant Professor of Theater Studies and American Studies or African- 
American Studies 610 

http://www.
yale.edu 

The Theater Studies Program at Yale University intends to make a tenure 
track, assistant professor appointment jointly with the American Studies 
Program or the Department of African American Studies beginning 
July 1, 2008. Special consideration will be given to candidates with research 
and teaching interests in performance studies, dramatic literature, 
and theory focusing on American (including Latin American) theater. 
Yale University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
Yale values diversity among its students, faculty, and staff and strongly 
encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. 
Please send cover letter, curriculum vitae, the names of three referees, 
and a dissertation chapter or other writing sample to Chair of the Search 
Committee, Theater Studies Program, Yale University, P.O. Box 208296, 
New Haven, CT 06520-8296; a review of applications will begin November 
1, 2007. [R] 

Delaware 

U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor 179 

http://www.
english.udel.edu 

Composition, tenure-track. PhD required. The successful candidate will 
have a promising research agenda and an interest in contributing to the 
administration of the writing programs. Competitive salary and excellent 
benefits. Send letter of interest and c.v. to Prof. Melissa Ianetta, Search Committee 
Chair, University of Delaware, Dept. of English, 212 Memorial Hall, 
Newark, DE 19716-2537, by November 1. The letter, c.v., and all other materials 
that may be requested will be shared with departmental faculty. 

The UNIVERSITY OF DELAWARE, an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
encourages applications from Minority Group Members and Women. 

Website: http://www.
english.udel.edu [R] 



District of Columbia 

American U 

Lit, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Battelle-Tompkins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Professor of Creative Writing/Poetry 
241 

http://www.
american.edu 

Professor Rank Open 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
Creative Writin/Poetry 
beginning Fall 2008. Rank open. 

Requirements: MFA by August 2008. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; 
commitment to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and 
undergraduate courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 
with attention to gender and ethnic concerns; supervision of MFA 
theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of 
recommendation to Jonathan Loesberg, Chair, Department of Literature, 
American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 15. American 
University is seeking highly dedicated teachers and scholars who are 
deeply committed to inter disciplinary learning, the application of new 
technologies in teaching and scholarship, and to the preparation of students 
for life in a diverse and rapidly changing global society. American 
University is an EOE/AA 
university committed to diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

American U 

Lit, 4400 Massachusetts Av NW Battelle-Tompkins, Rm 237 
Washington DC 20016 

Assistant Professor of British Literature during the Long Eighteenth
Century 242 

http://www.
american.edu 

Assistant Professor British Literature during the Long Eighteenth Century. 
Courses on Milton and other topics in Eighteenth Century. 

The Department of Literature in the College of Arts and Sciences at 
American University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
in British Literature during the Long Eighteenth Century beginning 
Fall 2008. 

Requirements: Ph.D. by August 2008. Significant publications and promise 
of sustained productivity; evidence of successful teaching of literature; 
commitment to university service. Responsibilities include graduate and 
undergraduate courses in literature, General Education courses in literature 
with attention to gender and ethnic concerns; supervision of MA 
theses. Salary competitive. Letter, CV, and dossier with three letters of 
recommendation to Jonathan Loesberg, Chair, Department of Literature, 
American University, Washington, DC 20016-8047, Attn: Search Committee. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning November 15. American 
University is seeking highly dedicated teachers and scholars who are 
deeply committed to interdisciplinary learning, the application of new 
technologies in teaching and scholarship, and to the preparation of students 
for life in a diverse and rapidly changing global society. American 
University is an EOE/AA 
university committed to diverse faculty, staff 
and student body. Women and minority candidates are particularly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Georgetown U 

Communication, Culture & Technology Program, 3520 Prospect St., 
NW #311 Suite 311 Washington DC 20057 

Senior or Junior Position in Technology Studies at Georgetown 
University 320 

http://cct.
georgetown.edu 

One to threeyear senior or junior position available in Georgetowns rapidly 
growing, interdisciplinary program in Communication, Culture, and 
Technology. The successful candidate will have a solid record of scholarly 
publication and teaching at the graduate level (or comparable), and be prepared 
for advising and for mentoring MA thesis projects. Ideally, the candidate 
will have experience in information and media technologies with 
specialties in at least two of the following: New Media, Communications 
and Media, Critical Media Theory, Law and Technology, Public Policy, 
Media and Politics, Digital Humanities, Economics of Media, and History 
of Technology. 

Please send vitae and list of references by November 1, 2007 to Dr. 
Linda Garcia, Director (GARCIADL@georgetown.edu). For further 
information about our unique program, please see our website: http:// 
cct.
georgetown.
edu 

Georgetown University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 


Georgetown U 

English, 306 New North Box 571131 Washington DC 20057 

Assistant Professor 259 

http://english.
georgetown.edu/ 

Assistant Professor of rhetoric and composition with core interests and 
training in writing pedagogy, and critical and cultural literacies. Candidate 
will teach graduate and undergraduate courses, and help shape the 
future direction of the Georgetown University Writing Program both 
intellectually and programmatically; eventually, and according to experience, 
the position will have a leadership role in the Writing Program. 
Georgetown University is an AA/EO 
employer 
and strongly encourages 
applications from women and minority candidates as part of its commitment 
to professional excellence and diversity. Please send application letter 
and c.v. to Chair of the Hiring Committee, English Department, Georgetown 
University, Box 571131, Washington, DC 20057-1131. Applications 
postmarked by 1 November will receive first consideration. Writing samples 
and dossiers will be requested only after initial screening. [R] 

Howard U 

English, 2400 Sixth St NW, Locke Hall Washington DC 20059 

Assistant Professor of American literature 769 

http://www.
howard.edu 

Assistant Professor of American literature. Require Ph.D. at time of interview 
and teaching experience; publication(s) preferred. The position begins 
in fall 2008. The teaching load is 3 courses per semester. Deadline: 
November 15, 2007. Send cover letter, curriculum vita, and three letters of 
reference to: Dr. Eleanor W. Traylor, Chair, Department of English, Howard 
University, Washington, DC 20059. Equal Opportunity Employer. 



Florida 

Florida Atlantic U 

English, PO Box 3091, 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 107 

http://www.
fau.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at Florida Atlantic University invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Rhetoric/Composition 
with a specialization in Professional/Scientific 
and Technical Writing, beginning 
August 2008. Located in subtropical South Florida, FAU serves 
a culturally and ethnically diverse six-county region (Broward, Indian 
River, Martin, Okeechobee, Palm Beach, and St. Lucie) with a population 
of more than five million people. Teaching assignment is normally 
five courses per year, on the Boca Raton campus. The successful candidate 
will join a department with growing MFA, MA, MAT, and BA programs 
and may participate in a variety of interdisciplinary college programs, 
such as the Public Intellectuals and/or 
Literatures, Literacies, and Linguistics 
PhD programs. Requirements include a PhD at time of appointment, 
publication record in field, and relevant teaching experience. Application 
materials, including letter and vita, must be submitted e lectronically to 
http://jobs.
fau.edu, position number 980723, no later than November 2, 
2007. FAU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access Institution. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor: Film Studies 386 

http://english.
fsu.edu 

Department of English seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in f ilm 
studies. Desirable specializations include: Global Hollywood; new media; 
transnational or postcolonial studies; feminist, gender or sexuality studies; 
history of Hollywood; or critical theory. A record of publication and a 
Ph.D in film studies or related field are required. 2/2 
teaching assignment 
with one graduate course per year. Competitive salary. Letter and vita 
only by November 1 to Professor Robin Goodman, Film Search Chair, 
Department of English, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306- 
1580. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed to diversity 
in hiring. A Public Records Agency. 

Stetson U 

English, 421 N Woodland Blvd, CB 8300 DeLand FL 32723 

Assistant Professor of English 764 

http://www.
stetson.edu/english 


A tenure-track position for a Fiction Writer. The Sullivan Endowment for 
Creative Writing supports an undergraduate creative writing program and 
a minor housed in the Department. MFA or PhD in genre required, as 
well as a book in field. A secondary area of expertise which complements 
existing faculty strengths is welcome; a strong commitment to undergraduate 
education is essential. First-Year English courses comprise half 
of the 3/3 
load; candidates must have demonstrable strength in teaching 
FYE, creative writing workshops, and literature courses. Interviews will 
take place at AWP; the appointment begins August 15, 2008. Salary competitive. 
Applications—letter, c.v., samples of course syllabi, & a sample 
of published work—sent by November 15 to Terri Witek, Search Committee 
Chair, will be acknowledged. An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Stetson affirms the values and goals of diversity and strongly encourages 
the applications of women and candidates from historica lly under-represented 
groups. [R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor of English 359 

http://www.
as.miami.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track assistant professorship in American literature before 1900. 
Minimum requirements: Ph.D. in literature with dissertation on topic related 
to position; college-level teaching experience. The successful candidate 
will be expected to maintain an active research and publication 
agenda; to teach courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels; to be 
involved with dissertation advising; and to serve on departmental, college, 
and/or 
university committees. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three confidential 
letters of recommendation to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 
33124-4632. Deadline for receipt of materials is Monday, 5 November. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Professor or Associate Professor of English 776 

http://www.
as.miami.edu/english/ 


The University of Miami plans to appoint a senior scholar in Irish literature. 
We seek someone with a well-established scholarly record to take a 
leading role in a field that has long been one of the department’s strengths. 
The successful candidate will be fully involved in the department’s intellectual 
life: continuing an active research and publication agenda, teaching 
courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels, directing dissertations, 
and serving on departmental, college, and/or 
university committees. 

Please send nominations and applications to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, 
Department of English, University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral 
Gables, FL 33124-4632. Each application should include a c.v. and a list 
of three or more scholars whom we may contact for recommendations. 
Campus visits by selected candidates will begin in the fall and continue 
until the position is filled. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor of English 360 

http://www.
as.miami.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track assistant professorship in transatlantic literary and cultural 
studies, 1600–1850. Minimum requirements: Ph.D. in literature with dissertation 
on topic related to position; college-level teaching experience. 
The successful candidate will be expected to maintain an active research 
and publication agenda; to teach courses at the undergraduate and graduate 
levels; to be involved with dissertation advising; and to serve on departmental, 
college, and/or 
university committees. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three confidential 
letters of recommendation to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 
33124-4632. Deadline for receipt of materials is Monday, 5 November. 

The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, 
and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University of 
Miami is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 



U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St John’s Bluff Rd S Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English, Film Studies 733 

http://www.
unfjobs.org 

Film Studies. Assistant Professor, tenure-track (#316510), nine hour/ 
semester 
teaching load (lower division, upper division, and graduate 
courses); salary: competitive, negotiable. We invite applications from 
those interested in the analysis, theory, and history of film. We welcome 
interest especially in International Film as well as in other screen studies 
as they intersect with film studies We seek someone to help refine our 
film minor program. PhD (or ABD status with degree awarded no later 
than August 1, 2008) required. 

To be considered for this position, applicant must complete a one page 
application on-line (on or before 11/05/
07) at http://www.
unfjobs.org. 
Furthermore, applicant must submit CV, cover letter, and letters of recommendations, 
postmarked on or before 11/05/
07, to Samuel Kimball, 
Chair, Department of English, University of North Florida, 1 UNF 
Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access/
Affirmative 
Action Institution. [R] 

U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St John’s Bluff Rd S Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English, Composition and Rhetoric 736 

http://www.
unfjobs.org 

Composition and Rhetoric. Assistant Professor, tenure-track (#316500), 
nine hour/semester 
teaching load (lower division, upper division, and 
graduate courses); salary: competitive, negotiable. We invite applications 
from those interested in composition theory and pedagogy, classical and 
contemporary rhetoric in the writing classroom, and multimedia applications 
in the writing classroom. We seek a versatile candidate to assist in 
the development of composition and rhetoric courses in our graduate program. 
PhD (or ABD status with degree awarded no later than August 1, 
2008) required. 

To be considered for this position, applicant must complete a one page 
application on-line (on or before 11/05/
07) at http://www.
unfjobs.org. 
Furthermore, applicant must submit CV, cover letter, and letters of recommendations, 
postmarked on or before 11/05 
/07, to Samuel Kimball, 
Chair, Department of English, University of North Florida, 1 UNF 
Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal 
Access/
Affirmative 
Action Institution. [R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 843 

http://www.
cas.usf.edu/english 


Creative Writing. Creative non-fiction writing, preferably with an interest 
also in fiction-writing. Tenure-line. Ph.D. or M.F.A. required; ABD 
applicants will be considered but must have the degree conferred by the 
time classes begin in August 2008. Candidates must have a strong teaching 
record and outstanding publication potential. The teaching assignment 
will include a range of undergraduate and graduate courses. 2/2 
teaching 
load. Salary and benefits competitive. Position contingent upon funding. 
Letter and vita only to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English Department, CPR 
107, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 5. 
Applications received after that date will be advanced only in cases of 
compelling merit. According to Florida Law, applications and meetings 
regarding them are open to the public. For ADA accommodations, please 
contact Nancy Serrano (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least 
five working days prior to need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Assistant Professor 840 

http://www.
cas.usf.edu/english 


Composition and Rhetoric. Primary specialization in the History of 
Rhetoric with a secondary interest in New Media and/or 
Professional 
and Technical Writing. Tenure-line. Ph.D. required; ABD applicants 
will be considered but must have the degree conferred by the time classes 
begin in August 2008. Candidates must have a strong teaching record and 
outstanding scholarly potential. The teaching assignment will include a 
range of undergraduate and graduate courses. 2/2 
teaching load. No assignment 
in administering undergraduate courses or labs. Salary and benefits 
competitive. Position contingent upon funding. Letter and vita only 
to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English Department, CPR 107, University of 
South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550 by November 5. Applications received 
after that date will be advanced only in cases of compelling merit. 
According to Florida Law, applications and meetings regarding them are 
open to the public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serran 
o (-813-974-8211 or Serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least five working days 
prior to need. USF is an AA/EEO 
institution. [R] 

U of West Florida 

English & For Langs, 11000 University Pky Pensacola FL 32514 

Assistant Professor of English 459 

http://uwf.
edu/english/ 


Tenure-track position in British Modernism to begin August 2008, pending 
funding. 3/3 
graduate/undergraduate 
teaching load, no composition. 
Candidates must demonstrate a strong commitment to teaching and a record 
of scholarly publication. Secondary interests in one of the following 
requested: Victorian literature, global modernisms, contemporary British 
literature. PhD in hand by August 2008. 

Applicants must apply online at https://jobs.uwf.edu to complete a onepage 
faculty application. In addition, please send a letter of application, 
writing sample (approx. 20 pages), three letters of recommendation, and 
academic transcripts to Professor Robin Blyn, Chair, Search Committee, 
Department of English and Foreign Languages, University of West 
Florida, 11000 University Parkway, Pensacola, FL 32514-5751. Interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA convention in Chicago. Materials must 
be postmarked and the online application submitted by 2 November, 
2007. This position requires a criminal background screening. Women 
and minorities encouraged to apply. UWF is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Access/
Affirmative 
Action Employer 
[R] 

Georgia 

Augusta SU 

English & For Langs, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 876 

http://efldept.
aug.edu/ 

The Department of English and Foreign Languages invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in African American and Early American literature 
beginning August 2008. Teaching responsibilities will include 
upper-level courses for English majors in the area of specialty, freshman 
composition, and possibly world humanities courses required for all students 
at Augusta State, as part of a 4/4 
teaching load. Ph.D. and demonstrated 
teaching excellence required. Active research agenda desirable. 
ASU is committed to excellence through diversity in our student body 
and faculty, and thus strongly encourages women and minorities to apply. 
Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of 
reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department of English and Foreign 
Languages, Augusta, GA 30904. Applications accepted immediately 



and until position is filled. EO/AA 
employer 
of the University System of 
Georgia. [R] 

Augusta SU 

English & For Langs, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Lecturer in English Studies 872 

http://efldept.
aug.edu/ 

The Department of English and Foreign Languages seeks a full-time Lecturer 
in English Studies beginning August 2008. Appointment annual 
and renewable. M.A. in English minimum requirement. The successful 
applicant must demonstrate excellence in teaching freshman-level writing, 
reading, and research. Experience teaching world humanities desirable. 
ASU is committed to excellence through diversity in our student 
body and faculty, and thus strongly encourages women and minorities to 
apply. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters 
of reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department of English 
and Foreign Languages, Augusta, GA 30904. Applications accepted immediately 
and until position is filled. EO/AA 
employer 
of the University 
System of Georgia. [R] 

Clayton SU 

Lang & Lit, 2000 Clayton State Blvd Morrow GA 30260 

Assistant Professor of English 774 

http://a-
s.clayton.edu/langlit 


Ph.D. in English with specialization in Rhetoric and Composition. 12- 
month, tenure track appointment to administer first-year writing program 
begins July 1, 2008. Teaching load of two courses (6 hours) per semester 
includes freshman composition and upper-level writing courses to support 
writing concentration in the BA in English. Expertise in technical writing 
strongly preferred. In addition to a record of teaching excellence, writing 
program administration experience, and evidence of scholarly activity, 
applicants must have an earned doctorate in Rhetoric and Composition 
by the time of appointment. Salary is competitive. Applications received 
by November 15, 2007 will receive consideration for interviews at MLA 
convention in Chicago. Send letter of application, vita, statement of teaching 
philosophy, contact information for three current references, and unofficial 
transcripts of grades by e-mail or mail to ( JillSears@clayton.edu) 
or Ms. Jill Sears; Administrative Ass istant to the Dean; School of Arts & 
Sciences; Clayton State U; 2000 Clayton State Blvd; Morrow, GA 30260. 
Clayton State U is a senior unit of the University System of GA and is 
located 15 miles south of Atlanta. [R] 

Georgia C & SU 

English, Speech, & Journalism, Campus Box 044 Milledgeville GA 
31061 

Assistant Professor of English 396 

http://www.
gcsu.edu/ 

Georgia College & State University, Georgia’s Public Liberal Arts University, 
seeks a generalist for full-time, tenure-track, academic-year appointment 
in the Department of English, Speech, & Journalism. Departmental 
needs include multicultural literature, southern literature (esp. Georgia 
writers), modern and contemporary poetry, and rhetoric/composition/ 
writing across the curriculum. Teaching load is 12 credit hours/semester, 
including undergraduate and graduate courses. Qualified applicants will 
demonstrate willingness/ability 
to promote faculty-student collaboration, 
help internationalize the curriculum, address the needs of a diverse student 
population, and teach composition. Terminal degree—completed 
by the time of appointment on 1 Aug. 2008—as well as excellence in 
teaching, scholarly activity, and service required for tenure and promotion. 
Send letter of application, vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and copies of transcripts to Bruce Gentry, Search Chair, English, Speech, 
& Journalism, CBX 044, Georgia College & State University, Milledgeville, 
GA 31061. For fullest consideration, applications should be postmarked 
by 1 Nov. 2007. Search open until filled. Interviews at MLA. The 
finalist will be required to submit to a background investigation. GCSU is 
an EO/AA 
institution. [R] 

Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Senior position (Associate or Full) in World Anglophone Literature, Culture, 
and Theory. 549 

http://www.
english.gsu.edu/ 

Senior position (associate or full) in World Anglophone Literature, Culture, 
and Theory. Pending final budgetary approval. The candidate should 
be prominent in such areas as global/postcolonial 
literary theories, diaspora 
and subaltern studies, and transnational and Commonwealth literatures 
(including literatures of migration, asylum-seeking, border crossing, 
contact zones). The person hired will be asked to develop and modify several 
courses in this field at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Demonstrated 
commitment to scholarship, instruction, and service is required; 
teaching load 2/2 
(graduate and undergraduate) and strong research support. 
The Department encourages minority candidates to apply. Salary 
competitive. Interview at MLA. Send letter and CV only (no electronic 
submissions) by November 9 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State 
University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. GSU is a unit of th e University 
System of Georgia and an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Associate Professor, Kenneth M. England Professorship in Southern 
American Literature 552 

http://www.
english.gsu.edu/ 

Kenneth M. England Professorship in Southern American Literature. Associate 
professor. Pending final budgetary approval. Requires significant 
scholarship in Southern Studies, primarily in twentieth-century 
figures 
and movements, excellent teaching and direction of students, and commitment 
to service. Teaching load 2/2 
(graduate and undergraduate) and 
strong research support. The Department encourages minority candidates 
to apply. Salary competitive. Interview at MLA. Send letter and CV only 
(no electronic submissions) by November 9 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, 
New Appointments Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, 
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. GSU is a unit of the 
University System of Georgia and an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant Professor in Nineteenth-­Century American Literature 553 

http://www.
english.gsu.edu/ 

Entry-level assistant professor in nineteenth-century 
American literature 
with specialization in antebellum period (1820–1865). Requires Ph.D. in 
hand, evidence of strong scholarly potential, excellent teaching, and commitment 
to service. Teaching load 2/2 
(graduate and undergraduate) and 
strong research support. The Department encourages minority candidates 
to apply. Salary competitive. Interview at MLA. Send letter and CV only 
(no electronic submissions) by November 9 to Calvin Thomas, Chair, 
New Appointments Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, 
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. GSU is a unit of the 
University System of Georgia and an AA/EO 
employer. 




Kennesaw SU 

English, 1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of English and American Studies 111 

http://www.
kennesaw.edu 

College of Humanities and Social Sciences 

Department of English/American 
Studies Program 

Kennesaw State University, a progressive university in the University System 
of Georgia in suburban Metropolitan Atlanta, invites applications for 
Assistant Professor of English and American Studies. 

For a full description of the position and application procedures go to 
www.kennesaw.edu/facultypositions. 
For further information about KSU 
visit our home page at www.kennesaw.edu. To guarantee consideration 
and possible interviews at the LASA conference in Montreal, applications 
should be postmarked by August 25, 2007; to guarantee full consideration 
and possible interviews at the ASA in Philadelphia, applications should be 
postmarked by September 15, 2007. All other applications should also be 
postmarked by September 15, 2007. 

Kennesaw State University, a member of the University System of Georgia, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, 
handicap, national origin, or sexual orientation, as authorized by law. 
Georgia is an Open Records State. AA/EOE. 


Kennesaw SU 

English, 1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of English in fiction writing to teach in the MA in 
Professional Writing Program 919 

http://www.
kennesaw.edu/facultypositions 


Kennesaw State University, a progressive university in the University System 
of Georgia in suburban Metropolitan Atlanta, invites applications for: 

Assistant Professor of English in fiction writing to teach in the MA in 
Professional Writing Program. 

For a full description of the position and application procedures go to 
www.kennesaw.edu/facultypositions. 
For further information about KSU 
visit our home page at www.kennesaw.edu. To guarantee consideration 
and possible interviews at the MLA conference in Chicago, applications 
should be postmarked by November 15, 2007. 

Kennesaw State University, a member of the University System of Georgia, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, 
handicap, national origin, or sexual orientation, as authorized by law. 
Georgia is an Open Records State. AA/EOE. 


Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor 348 

http://www.
valdosta.edu 

Valdosta State Universitys Department of English invites applications for 
an Assistant Professor of English with a specialization in Medieval British 
literature. This is a ten-month, tenure track faculty position beginning 
August 1, 2008. In addition to teaching upper-division and graduate 
courses in field of specialization, other teaching responsibilities include 
freshman composition, world literature, and possibly interdisciplinary 
courses. Departmental duties include committee work, advising, and research 
leading to publication. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand by 
appointment date. To apply submit a letter of interest, faculty application 
form (http://www.
valdosta.edu/academic/
documents/Faculty_
Employment_
APP.pdf ), curriculum vita, complete dossier, including all university 
transcripts and three letters of reference to Dr. Mark Smith, Head, 
Department of English, VSU, Valdosta, GA 31698-0025. Review of 
completed applications begins November 1, 2007, and cont inues until 
position is filled. Possible MLA interviews. VSU is an equal opportunity 
educational institution. For more information phone 229-333-5946 or 
email marksmit@valdosta.edu. [R] 

Wesleyan C 

English, 4760 Forsyth Rd, PO Box 8167 Macon GA 31210 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of Writing 337 

http://www.
wesleyancollege.edu 

Tenure-track position in English at Assistant Professor level, beginning 
fall 2008. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition preferred; Ph.D. in English 
considered with significant teaching experience and demonstrated professional 
interest in composition. Experience with ESL and American literature 
desirable. Position requires Ph.D. to be completed by August 2008 
and teaching experience at the college level. Will direct the Writing Program 
and teach writing, introductory literature and American literature 
courses. The successful candidate will be expected to teach effectively, 
pursue a productive research program, advise students, and serve on committees. 
Send letter of interest, vita, transcripts, one-page statement of 
pedagogical goals and strategies along with three supporting documents 
(syllabi, etc.), and three current letters of recommendation to Dr. Regina 
Oost, Chair, Department of English, Wesleyan College, 4760 Forsyth 
Rd., Macon, GA 31210-4462. EOE/AA. 
[R] 

Hawai‘i 

U of Hawai‘i, Ma - 
noa 

English, 1733 Donaghho Rd, Kuy 402 Honolulu HI 96822 

Assistant Professor of English 478 

http://www.
hawaii.edu 

Full-time, tenure-track in Creative Writing, preferably multi-genres (Fiction 
& Creative Nonfiction, especially Life Writing), beginning August 1, 
2008 (position number 83475); position dependent upon funding. Duties: 
teach courses in introductory, upper-division, and graduate-level creative 
writing and literature; and in introductory composition. Five courses 
over two semesters. Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. with Creative Writing 
emphasis and significant publication; or M.F.A. in Creative Writing 
with at least one book; or extraordinary publishing record. Experience 
with and demonstrated commitment to teaching at the college or university 
level. Desirable Qualifications: creative writing pedagogy; research 
methods for creative writers; study and theory of narrative. Salary: commensurate 
with credentials and experience. Send letter of application and 
CV to Professor Mark Heberle, Chair, English Department, University 
of Hawai‘i at Ma-noa, 1733 Donaghho Road, Honolulu, HI 96822. The 
University of Hawai‘i at Ma-noa is committed to equal opportunity and 
affirmative action. Closing Date: November 15, 2007. [R] 

Idah o 

Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance British Literature/Humanities 
936 

http://english.
boisestate.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Renaissance British Literature 
with secondary emphasis in Humanities, starting in Fall 2008. Ph.D. 
by Fall 2008 required. Opportunity to teach from the introductory to the 
graduate level. Applicants should demonstrate ability to teach Shakespeare, 
Renaissance Poetry and Prose, and introductory Humanities courses. The 
normal teaching load is three courses (9 credits) per semester. Teaching 
excellence, scholarly publication, and service are required for academic 
advancement. http://english.
boisestate.edu 



Application Procedures: Send a letter of application addressing teaching 
philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and a 
minimum of three letters of recommendation to: 

Professor Michelle Payne, Chair, Department of English, Boise State 
University Search # AS-0005–78, 1910 University Dr., Boise, ID 83725- 
1525. Email: english@boisestate.edu 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2007. Applications r 
eceived after that point may be considered if the position is not filled from 
the initial applicant pool. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA 
Institution, Veterans preference. [R] 

Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Tenure Track Assistant Professor in English Education 929 

http://english.
boisestate.edu/ 

Tenure Track Assistant Professor position in English Education, starting 
Fall 2008. Pending State Board of Education approval. Doctorate 
required. Minimum of three years successful teaching in schools, grades 
6–12. Candidates will teach courses in graduate/undergraduate 
certification 
program in English Language Arts. Courses include teaching 
writing, teaching literature to adolescents, English teaching methods 
courses. Possible 
work in a Professional Development School or with National 
Writing Project programs. Opportunities to develop own graduate 
courses in areas of interest. Teaching excellence, scholarly publications 
and service are required for academic advancement. 

Attractions: Work in professional development sites in growing urban environment. 
Positive relationships between university and area schools in 
both urban and rural areas. Growing National Writing Project site and 
English Education programs. Area offers many artistic/cultural 
opportunities 
and many outdoor recreational activities. 

Application Procedures: Send a letter of application addressing teaching 
philosophy and research interests, curriculum vitae, transcripts, and a 
minimum of three letters of recommendation to: 

Professor Michelle Payne, Chair, Department of English, Boise State 
University Search # AS-0006–78, 1910 University Dr., Boise, ID 83725- 
1525. Email: english@boisestate.edu 

Review of applications will begin November 26, 2007. Applications received 
after that point may be considered if the position is not filled from 
the initial applicant pool. 

Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence 
through cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications 
and nominations of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA 
Institution, Veterans preference. [R] 

U of Idaho 

English, PO Box 441102 Moscow ID 83844 

Assistant Professor of English 657 

http://www.
class.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track, nineteenth-century 
British literature. August 2008. Teaching 
load 3–2; undergraduate and graduate courses in British literature, 
introductory courses in world literature, and interdisciplinary general education 
courses. Required: Ph.D. with specialization in nineteenth-century 
British literature; experience teaching at the college level; excellent communication 
skills. Preferred: experience teaching British literature at the 
college level; demonstrated excellence in teaching; substantial publications 
or demonstrated research agenda in British poetry of the Romantic 
period; supporting emphasis in early 20th-century 
British literature and/ 
or 
literary theory; experience teaching world literature and interdisciplinary 
general education courses. Applicants who meet the required qualifications 
should apply online and include a letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, graduate transcripts, and a writing sample of 10–20 pages relating to 
research agenda. Ma il three confidential letters of recommendation and 
any other supporting materials that cannot be submitted online directly 
to Kurt Olsson, Chair, English Department, P.O. Box 441102, University 
of Idaho, Moscow, ID 83844-1102. Application materials should be postmarked 
by November 16, 2007. The University of Idaho is an affirmative 
action/equal 
opportunity employer. 


Illinois 

Columbia C 

English, 600 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605 

Tenure-track Faculty Position in Creatvie Writing 665 

http://www.
colum.edu/Academics/
English_Department/index.
php 

The English Department at Columbia College Chicago seeks a nonfiction 
writer, with a strong secondary interest in poetry, for a tenure-track 
creative writing faculty position, to begin Fall 2008. Successful candidate 
must have a terminal degree, minimum of one book of nonfiction 
from press of national standing, and significant poetry publications; deep 
commitment to teaching writing at all levels; and a desire to participate 
in, and help shape, an emerging nonfiction program. Successful candidate 
will teach core courses in the creative writing nonfiction and poetry 
programs. Interviews at MLA. Review of applications will begin Nov. 1. 
Please send letter of application and c.v. to: 

David Lazar, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of 
English, Columbia College Chicago, 600 South Michigan Ave., Chicago, 
IL 60605-1996. 

Columbia College Chicago (CCC) is an urban institution of over 11,500 
undergraduate and graduate students, emphasizing arts, media, and com 
munications in a liberal arts setting. Columbia College Chicago encourages 
qualified female, GLBT, disabled, international and minority classified 
individuals to apply for all positions. We offer a competitive salary 
and an excellent benefits package. [R] 

DePaul U 

English, 802 W. Belden Ave. Chicago IL 60614 

Assistant Professor of Media and Cinema Studies DePaul University, 
Chicago 127 

The College of Communication at DePaul University seeks applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor to contribute to our growing programs 
in cinema studies and media studies. Successful candidates will 
have expertise in at least two of the following areas: documentary film 
and video, cinema aesthetics, non-western film, race and/or 
ethnicity in 
film, gender/sexuality 
in film. The College is particularly interested in 
applicants who will develop curriculum at both the undergraduate and 
graduate level in the areas of documentary film/video, 
cinema studies, 
and/or 
media studies. Experience in film/video 
production a plus. 

DePaul University is the nation¹s largest Catholic university and the largest 
private university in Chicago, with more than 23,000 undergraduate 
and graduate students. The university has a strong commitment to providing 
a comprehensive liberal arts education and emphasizes both teaching 
and research. The newly established College of Communication has 
31 full-time faculty serving more than 1000 undergraduate majors and 
approximately 120 graduate students. The College is strongly committed 
to recruiting candidates from under-represented groups; hence, we solicit 
applications from women and people of color. Salary is competitive and 
commensurate with experience. 

Please send a letter of application, CV, copies of unedited teaching evaluations 
(including student comments), publications, three letters of recommendation, 
and official transcripts to: Media and Cinema Studies Search 
Committee, College of Communication, DePaul University, 2320 N. 
Kenmore Avenue, Chicago, IL 60614-3250. Review of application s will 
begin October 8, 2007 and continue until the position is filled. 



DePaul U 

English, 802 W. Belden Ave. Chicago IL 60614 

Assistant Professor of English: Restoration and Eighteenth-­Century English 
Literature 668 

http://www.
depaul.edu/~english 

The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
beginning in September 2008 in Restoration and Eighteenth-Century 
English Literature. The successful candidate will teach a multi-genre undergraduate 
survey of the long eighteenth century, and undergraduate and 
graduate courses in the field such as eighteenth-century 
poetry, literature 
of the late-eighteenth century, or trans-Atlantic or interdisciplinary approaches 
to the period. Candidates should also be prepared to teach general 
literature courses for English majors and for non-majors in general 
education. Candidates must have the PhD in hand by September 2008, 
demonstrated expertise in teaching, and an active scholarly agenda. 

We seek candidates with a commitment to undergraduate education, experience 
teaching students of diverse backgrounds, and sensitivity to the 
educational goals of a multicultural student population. One of the largest 
private universities in the country, DePaul offers graduate (MA) and 
undergraduate programs in English on two campuses. Tenure-track faculty 
participate in advising and committee service and often teach in DePaul’s 
interdisciplinary programs, including Honors. We particularly seek 
candidates who mirror the diversity of the university and its surrounding 
community, 
and we specif ically solicit applications from women, 
people 
of color, and individuals from other historically under-represented 
groups. 

To apply, send a letter and CV to William Fahrenbach, Chair, Department 
of English, DePaul University, 802 W. Belden Ave., Chicago, IL 60614. 
Applications must be postmarked by Oct. 31, 2007. DePaul University is 
committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of British Literature & Culture 646 

http://www.
eiu.edu/~english 

Tenure-track position in 20th-and 21st-century 
British literature and 
culture. Especially interested in candidates with interests in such areas 
as anglophone literatures, textual studies, critical/literary 
theory, gender 
studies, and/or 
teacher preparation. Successful candidate will be able to 
contribute to our two-year MA program and to our undergraduate major 
and General Education curricula. We seek excellent teachers with wide 
interests and scholarly promise. PhD by date of appointment. Fall 2008 
start. 3/3 
teaching load. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and 
dossier (letters of recommendation and official or unofficial transcripts) by 
November 9, 2007, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, Department of English, 
Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, Charleston, IL 61920- 
3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. Eastern Illinois University 
is an equal opportunity/equal 
access/affirmative 
action employer 
committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of English Education 648 

http://www.
eiu.edu/~english 

Tenure-track position in English Education. The position requires expertise 
in preparing students at BA-and MA-levels for secondary certification 
in an integrated English Language Arts curriculum. Does not require 
supervision of student teachers. Especially interested in candidates who 
can cut across fields in English studies. PhD by date of appointment. Solid 
preparation in teaching general literature and composition required. We 
seek excellent teachers with wide interests and scholarly promise. Fall 
2008 start. 3/3 
teaching load. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
and dossier (letters of recommendation and off icial or unoff icial transcripts) 
by November 9, 2007, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, Department 
of English, Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, Charleston, 
IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. Eastern 
Illinois 
University is an equal opportunity/equal 
access/affirmative 
action 
employer 
committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Elmhurst C 

English, 190 Prospect Av Elmhurst IL 60126 

Assistant Professor of English 467 

http://www.
elmhurst.edu 

Ph.D. in Composition & Rhetoric. Board-approved, tenure-track position 
beginning in Fall 2008. Strong commitment to teaching excellence with 
expectation of scholarship and campus service. Six course annual teaching 
load includes first-year composition, advanced composition & rhetoric, 
professional writing, and graduate courses for the M.A. in English 
Studies. Please submit vita and detailed cover letter describing teaching 
philosophy and scholarly agenda to Ann Frank Wake, Chair, Department 
of English, Box 98, Elmhurst College, 190 Prospect Avenue, Elmhurst, 
IL 60126. Postmark deadline is Friday Nov. 2. Interviewing at MLA. 
Elmhurst College is a UCC-affiliated comprehensive college with liberal 
arts roots located in the western suburbs of Chicago, 20 minutes from the 
Loop by train. Equal Opportunity Employer 
actively seeking candidates 
from diverse backgrounds. [R] 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in Global Literature 907 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu/positions/ 


Illinois State Universitys Department of English seeks an Assistant Professor 
(tenure-track) in Global Literatures. We seek a specialist in one, 
or a combination of the two following areas: 20th/21st-
century 
British 
and Anglophone, with expertise in postcolonial theory or in postcolonial 
literature and theory. Expertise in Indian or South Asian literatures 
is desirable. literatures of Africa of any period. Expertise in an indigenous 
African language is desirable. 

Required Qualifications: 

An earned doctorate in 20th/21st 
century British and Anglophone Literature 
or in Literatures of Africa or closely related field by time of appointment; 


Evidence of promising scholarship in either or both of these fields; 

A record of successful college teaching and ability to lead undergraduateand 
graduate-level courses in the specialty. 

The successful candidate will be expected to interact with faculty and students 
in the Department with diverse disciplinary specialties who sha re 
an interest in global literature. 

Please send letter of application, C.V., and writing sample to Chair, Global 
Literature Search Committee, 4240 Department of English, Illinois State 
University, Normal, IL 61790-4240. Please also send three letters of recommendation 
mailed by the respondents or placement dossier. Applications 
may also be submitted electronically to the Global Literature Search 
Committee c/o 
Ms. Irene Taylor, mailto: mitaylor@ilstu.edu. Screening 
will begin November 12 and continue until the position is filled. 

The successful applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United 
States by August 16, 2008. 

Illinois State University is an equal opportunity, aff irmative action 
employer 
encouraging diversity. [R] 



Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in English Education 912 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu/positions/ 


Illinois State University’s Department of English seeks an Assistant Professor 
(tenure-track) in English Education. The successful candidate will 
participate in the Departments English Education Program of over 300 
pre-service English Education majors, teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses and conduct research and publish in the field of English Education. 

We seek a colleague with a commitment to improving teaching in secondary 
schools, especially public schools, a commitment to diversity and 
preparing teacher candidates from underrepresented groups, and the ability 
to help us build a strong collaborative working relationship between 
our undergraduate program in English Studies, the ISU College of Education, 
and the secondary schools. 

Required Qualifications: an earned doctorate in English Education or 
closely related field; evidence of an active research agenda that will lead 
to publications in the field of English Education; evidence of successful 
college teaching; 

Preferred Qualifications: a record of successful teaching in English language 
arts at the middle and/or 
high school level; experience in teaching 
English Education methods courses 

We would especially welcome candidates with experience supervising 
student teachers and understanding of issues related to student teaching 
and clinical experiences; experience with high-needs secondary schools 
and students in urban communities and commitment to preparing new 
teachers for long-term successful careers in urban and rural schools. 

Please send letter of application, C.V., and writing sample to Chair, English 
Education Search Committee, Department of English,Illinois State 
University, Normal, IL 61790-4240. Please also send three letters of 
recommendation mailed by the respondents or placement dossier. Applications 
may also be submitted electronically to the English Education 
Search Committee c/o 
Ms. Irene Taylor mitaylor@ilstu.edu. Review of 
applications will begin November 12 and continue until position is filled. 

The successful applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United 
States by August 16, 2008. 

Illinois State University is an equal opportunity, aff irmative action 
employer 
encouraging diversity. [R] 

Illinois SU 

English, PO Box 4240 Normal IL 61790 

Assistant Professor in Technical Writing 913 

http://www.
english.ilstu.edu/positions/ 


Illinois State University seeks an Assistant Professor (tenure-track), whose 
teaching and research will preferably focus on International Technical 
Communication or a related area. The selected candidate will join a nationally 
recognized writing faculty; participate in delivering well-established 
concentrations in technical and professional writing, and rhetoric/ 
composition; 
and help in developing a new focus in international technical 
communication as part of a departmental commitment to global 
studies. 
Successful teaching and an active program of research in Technical 
Communication are required; PhD in field. 2/3 
teaching load; competitive 
salary. 

Required Qualifications: 

An earned doctorate in Technical Communication or closely related field 
by time of appointment; 

Evidence of promising scholarship in technical communication; 

A record of successful college teaching in U.S. and/or 
International technical 
writing/communication 
and/or 
rhetoric and composition. 

We would especially welcome candidates with one or more of the 
following: 


Professional work experience in international technical communication; 

Other professional or academic experience in international settings; 

Professional work experience in US-based or international technical communication. 


We would also welcome candidates with background in comparative 
rhetoric or postcolonial theory. 

Please send letter of application, C.V., and writing sample to Chair, Technical 
Communication Search Committee, Department of English, Illinois 
State University, Normal, IL 61790-4240. Please also send three letters of 
recommendation mailed by the respondents or placement dossier. Applications 
may also be submitted electronically to the Tech Writing Search 
Committee c/o 
Ms. Irene Taylor (mitaylor@ilstu.edu). Screening will 
begin November 12 and continue until the position is filled. 

The successful applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United 
States by August 16, 2008. 

Illinois State University is an equal opportunity, aff irmative action 
employer 
encouraging diversity. [R] 

Illinois Wesleyan U 

English, PO Box 2900 Bloomington IL 61702 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing) 724 

http://www2.
iwu.edu/english/ 


The English Department at Illinois Wesleyan University invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor (Creative Writing) to begin 2008–2009. 
This tenure-track position entails teaching six courses annually in creative 
writing, literature, and general education. Ph.D. in Literature or Creative 
Writing required (completed by August 1, 2008), with a strong record of 
creative publication. Primary expertise in poetry or fiction; secondary 
field of expertise (drama, screenplay, journalism, creative non-fiction) or 
experience in multiple genres a plus. Preference given to candidates with 
teaching experience. 

Illinois Wesleyan University, a highly selective liberal arts institution that 
values excellence in both teaching and scholarship, is located in Bloomington, 
Illinois, approximately two hours southwest of Chicago. Send letter 
of application and curriculum vitae by November 15, 2007 to Alison 
Sainsbury, Chair, Department of English, Illinois Wesleyan University, 
P.O. Box 2900, Bloomington, IL 61702-2900. Phone: 309-556-3333. 
Interviewing at MLA convention in December. Illinois Wesleyan University 
is an equal opportunity employer, 
and invites applications from 
women and minorities. [R] 

Northeastern Illinois U 

English, 5500 N Saint Louis Av Chicago IL 60625 

Assistant Professor of English 328 

http://www.
neiu.edu 

English: Rhetoric and Composition. We seek a rhetorician to teach 
first-year and upper-level writing courses, as well as composition theory 
courses in our MA in EnglishComposition Track. Specialization in second 
language writing, urban literacy issues, or writing in the disciplines a plus. 
The position may also include future coordination of the first-year writing 
program on a rotational basis. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition or 
a related discipline required. Send letter of application, transcript, curriculum 
vitae with current e-mail address, statement of teaching philosophy 
and research plan, samples of publications or other examples of scholarly 
writing and three letters of reference to Dr. Gary Brodsky, Chair, Department 
of English, Northeastern Illinois University, 5500 N. St. Louis 
Avenue, Chicago, IL 60625-4699. Electronic submissions are welcome, 
g-brodsky@neiu.edu. Review of applications begins October 31, 2007. 
AA/EOE. 
[R] 



Northwestern U 

Alice Kaplan Institute for the Humanities, 2010 Sheridan Road 
Evanston IL 60208 

Humanities and the Bio-Medical Sciences 585 

http://www.
humanities.northwestern.edu/index.
html 

Northwestern University seeks to hire a tenured scholar in the humanities 
whose work engages the life and/or 
bio-medical sciences. We invite applications 
from scholars in the field of science studies, broadly conceived, 
which includes historians of science/medicine, 
literary scholars, scholars 
of art and visual media, and philosophers, as well as sociologists and anthropologists 
of science/medicine. 
Topics of interest include, but are not 
limited to, the rise of scientific medicine, evolutionary theory, genomics, 
neuroscience, and popular health practices. We also encourage applicants 
whose interests engage the study of “race,” gender, or sexuality, as well 
as those who examine the life sciences and health practices outside the 
Euro-American tradition. Women and minority scholars are encouraged 
to apply. 

The tenured hire will be at the rank of either associate or full professor 
depending on the successful applicant’s qualif ications, and will be 
appointed jointly to the Alice Kaplan Institute for the Humanities and 
an appropriate home department. Applications should include a letter of 
application, CV, short career overview, and an article-length sample of 
published work. These materials should be sent directly to the name and 
address below in both paper and (where possible) electronic form. Applicants 
should also arrange to have three letters of recommendation sent 
directly as paper copies to the same location. The application deadline is 
November 15, 2007. Procedural questions and electronic application documents 
should be directed to: hum@northwestern.edu 

AA/EOE 


Ken Alder, Chair, Humanities and Bio-Medicine Search, Alice Kaplan 
Institute for the Humanities, Northwestern University, 2010 Sheridan 
Road, Evanston, IL 60208-2225 [R] 

Northwestern U 

English, 1897 Sheridan Rd, University Hall 215 Evanston IL 60208 

Assistant Professor in American Literature 431 

http://www.
english.northwestern.edu 

We seek to hire an assistant professor in American literature. While 
the applicant’s primary focus should be on the late nineteenth and early 
twentieth centuries, his or her teaching range should extend through the 
twentieth century. Applicants with expertise in any genre and critical 
methodology are welcome. PhD is expected. The ideal candidate would 
be able to teach both canonical and non-canonical American writings, 
and would contribute to interdisciplinary programs in Latino/a, 
Asian 
American, African American, American, or Comparative Literary Studies. 
By November 1, please send letter of application, CV, three letters of 
recommendation, and a writing sample of 25 pages maximum to Betsy 
Erkkila, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, Northwestern 
University, 1897 Sheridan, University Hall 215, Evanston, IL 60208- 
2240. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Roosevelt U 

Lit & Langs, 430 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605 

Assistant Professor of English 867 

http://www.
roosevelt.edu/english/
default.htm 

Roosevelt University invites applications for a tenure-track position as 
fiction writer and director of our thriving creative writing program, to 
begin Fall 2008. We seek candidates with at least one book of f iction 
from a major or midlist press; additional publications in creative non-fiction 
are highly desirable, and candidates should be prepared to teach MFA 
workshops in both areas. We seek strong leadership and vision for our 
MFA program, which draws students from across the nation, and for our 
growing undergraduate creative writing concentration. Applicants should 
be prepared to teach workshops and literature courses at both the graduate 
and undergraduate levels, supervise MFA theses, and administer our 
growing reading series. MFA or PhD in hand by August 15, 2008. 

The standard teaching load is six courses per year on the semester system, 
with an average literature class size of 20 and graduate workshop size of 
10; the successful candidate will receive course reassignments for administrative 
duties. By November 1, applicants should submit cover letter and 
CV only to Bonnie Gunzenhauser, Chair, Department of Literature and 
Languages, Roosevelt University, 430 S. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 
60605. Initial interviews at MLA in Chicago. 

Roosevelt University, a national leader in educating socially conscious 
citizens, is a private, student-centered university with 7,200 students. 
Founded on the principles of inclusion and social justice, Roosevelt offers 
academic programs in arts and sciences, business, performing arts and education. 
Roosevelt offers baccalaureate and master’s degrees, and doctoral 
degrees in Educational Leadership and Clinical Psychology. 

Roosevelt University welcomes women, men, LGBT, disabled, international, 
minority-classified individuals as applicants for all positions. [R] 

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Composition Studies 815 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Tenure-track position in Composition Studies. Specialization open in 
Composition and Rhetorical Studies. Ph.D. required. Teaching assignment 
is 3/3 
and includes courses in MA Teaching of Writing program, 
first-year writing sequence, and English major and general education curricula. 
Demonstrated scholarly promise essential. Significant teaching experience 
preferred. Some interest and experience in teaching technical/ 
business 
writing a plus. If Ph.D. is not completed by the beginning of 
the contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all 
requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Il linois University Edwardsvil le is a diverse, master’s/ 
comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates 
must submit a letter of interest, vita, reference letters, statement of 
teaching philosophy, research agenda, and unofficial transcripts to: Composition 
Studies Search Committee, Department of English, Box 1431M, 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. 
SIUE is a state university; benefits under state sponsored plans may not be 
available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. AA/EEO 


Preference given to applications postmarked by November 12, 2007; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: American Literature to 1900 812 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Tenure-track specialist in American Literature to 1900. 3/3 
teaching load 
includes undergraduate and graduate courses, along with survey, general 
education, and composition courses. Interest in teaching critical theory 
also desirable. Salary commensurate with experience and credentials. 
Ph.D. in English or American Studies required. If Ph.D. is not completed 
by the beginning of the contract period, appointment will be at rank of 
Instructor until all degree requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Il l inois University Edwardsvi l le is a diverse, masters/ 
comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates 
must submit letter of application, vita, reference letters, unofficial 
transcripts, and statement of teaching philosophy to: American Literature 
Search Committee, Department of English, Box 1431M, Southern Illinois 
University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. Candidates who 
advance to the second round will be asked to submit a writing sample. As 
an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment oppor



tunity without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national 
origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under state sponsored 
plans may not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 12, 2007; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: African American Literature 813 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Over the next years, we plan to continue strengthening our diverse course 
offerings in African American literature and to expand our role as a major 
contributor to cultural participation at the university and in the region. 
We seek a specialist in African American literature who wishes to join us 
in fulfilling our vision. The position includes a 3/3 
teaching load on the 
undergraduate and graduate levels in area of specialty, along with survey, 
general education, and composition courses. Ph.D. required. If Ph.D. is 
not completed by the beginning of the contract period, appointment will 
be at rank of Instructor until all degree requirements are fulfilled. 

Southern Il l inois University Edwardsvi l le is a diverse, masters/ 
comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis metro east area. Candidates 
must submit a letter of application, vita and statement of teaching 
philosophy to: Search Committee African American Lit., English Dept., 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsvil le, Campus Box 1431M, Edwardsville, 
IL 62026-1431. Candidates who advance to the second round 
will be asked for a writing sample, letters of recommendation and transcripts. 
As an Affirmative Action Employer, 
SIUE offers equal employment 
opportunity without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, 
sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under 
state sponsored plans may not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 12, 2007; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E 58th St Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Eighteenth-­Century British Literature 149 

http://english.
uchicago.edu 

The University of Chicago’s Department of English expects to appoint 
a scholar in British literature of the long eighteenth century at the rank 
of assistant or associate professor. The specific historical frame, generic 
or thematic focus, and conceptual orientation will be less important to 
the Department than the candidate’s long-term promise as an ambitious 
scholar and exceptional teacher. Ph.D. should be completed by the time 
of employment. Applications (cover letter, CV, dissertation or book abstract, 
three letters of recommendation) are due November 1, 2007. Please 
send materials to Bill Brown, Chair, Department of English, University 
of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. 
The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Illinois, Chicago 

English, 2027 University Hall 601 S Morgan St, m/c162 
Chicago IL 
60607 

Assistant Professor of British Studies 550 

http://www.
uic.edu/depts/
engl/ 

The Department of English at the University of Illinois at Chicago invites 
applications for a tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor 
level in nineteenth-century 
British Studies beginning fall 2008, subject 
to budgetary approval. Applicants with strengths in one or more of the 
following research fields will be of particular interest: post-colonial studies, 
transatlantic studies, gender studies, queer studies, and performance 
studies. Applications should include the candidate’s research and teaching 
interests, cv, letters of recommendation, and writing sample. University of 
Illinois at Chicago is a research university with a 2/2 
teaching load. Applicants 
should be ABD or have Ph.D. in hand. For fullest consideration, 
materials should be sent by November 9 to Professor Lisa A. Freeman, 
Chair, British Studies Search Committee, University of Illinois at Chicago, 
Department of English, m/c 
162, 601 S. Morgan Street, Chicago, 
IL 60607-7120. The University of Illinois at Chicago is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


U of Illinois 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Associate Director of Rhetoric 945 

http://www.
english.uiuc.edu/ 

The Department of English at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
invites applications for a regular, full-time, twelve-month, non-tenure-
line position as Associate Director of Rhetoric. The associate director 
will collaborate with the Director of Rhetoric in leading two first-year 
writing programs, the Freshman Rhetoric Program and the Academic 
Writing Program. That collaboration will involve day-to-day administration; 
development of curricula, materials, and policies; and leadership in 
instructor and program development. Among other responsibilities, the 
associate director will work daily with graduate assistant directors and 
advisors as well as a large staff of teaching assistants and a modest number 
of full-time adjunct instructors, will support advanced composition 
courses in rhetoric, and will help coordinate the annual English Articulation 
Conference for two-and four-year college writing and literature instructors 
in Illinois. The associate director wi ll teach two courses per year 
(typically including a professional seminar for new graduate assistant instructors) 
and will join an active cross-disciplinary community in rhetoric 
and writing studies. Qualifications include a Ph.D. in English, Writing 
Studies, Rhetoric, Communication, or related field in hand by start date 
( July 16, 2008); a strong record of teaching in relevant programs; a record 
of professional/scholarly 
accomplishments; and significant administrative 
experience. Administrative experience in a first-year college writing 
program is preferred; experience gained as a graduate-student administrator 
is acceptable. Salary commensurate with experience. To ensure 
full consideration, submit a letter of application (including email address) 
and curriculum vitae, by November 1, 2007. Send to: Paul Prior, Director 
of Rhetoric, attention: Terry Davis, University of Illinois at Urbana- 
Champaign, 608 South Wright Street, Urbana, IL 61801, (217) 333-2390. 
The University of Illinois is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Western Illinois U 

English & Journalism, 1 University Cir Macomb IL 61455 

Assistant Professor, English Education 878 

http://www.
wiu.edu/english 


Ph.D/Ed.
D in English education or related field. Teaching English methods 
and literature courses. Must have teaching certification. Successful 
candidate will join the English department’s well-established English 
Education 
program. Commitment to teaching courses in general education 
required. 

Undergraduate and graduate teaching in Macomb and the Quad Cities; 
ongoing research and professional activities resulting in publications; departmental 
and university service. 

Send letter, c.v., transcripts, and three current letters of recommendation 
to: David Boocker, Chair, Department of English & Journalism, Western 
Illinois University, 1 University Circle, Macomb, IL 61455. Screening begins 
late October and continues until position is filled. Possible interviews 
at NCTE or MLA. AA/EOE. 
[R] 



Western Illinois U 

English & Journalism, 1 University Cir Macomb IL 61455 

Assistant Professor in Writing 869 

http://www.
wiu.edu/english 


Ph.D in Composition, Rhetoric, or English with a specialization in composition 
and rhetoric, evidence of successful college teaching, and of 
scholarly accomplishment or strong potential. Demonstrated experience 
and/or 
interest in teaching composition and rhetoric, including, but not 
limited to, professional writing, composition studies, rhetorical theory, 
and other upper division and graduate writing courses. Commitment to 
teaching courses in general education required. 

Interest in writing center administration or computers and writing 
preferred. 


Undergraduate and graduate teaching in Macomb and the Quad Cities; 
ongoing research and professional activities resulting in publication; departmental 
and university service. 

Send letter, c.v., transcripts, and 3 current letters of recommendation to: 
David Boocker, Chair, Department of English & Journalism, Western Illinois 
University, 1 University Circle, Macomb, IL 61455. Screening begins 
mid-November and continues until position is filled. Interviews at 
MLA. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Western Illinois U 

English & Journalism, 1 University Cir Macomb IL 61455 

Assistant Professor of American literature 864 

http://www.
wiu.edu/english 


Ph.D in English or related field, with a specialization in American fiction 
with a desirable subspecialty in other literatures of the Americas. Secondary 
interest in Working Class Studies desirable. Demonstrated evidence of 
successful college teaching and of scholarly accomplishment or strong potential. 
Commitment to teaching courses in general education required. 

Undergraduate and graduate teaching in Macomb and the Quad Cities; 
ongoing research and professional activities resulting in publication; departmental 
and university service. 

Send letter, c.v., transcripts, and 3 current letters of recommendation to: 
David Boocker, Chair, Department of English & Journalism, Western Illinois 
University, 1 University Circle, Macomb, IL 61455. Screening begins 
mid-November and continues until position is filled. Interviews at 
MLA. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Indiana 

Butler U 

English, 4600 Sunset Av Indianapolis IN 46208 

Director of University Writing Programs 818 

http://butler.
edu 

We seek a Director of University Writing Programs beginning Fall 2008. 
Duties include overseeing and coordinating instruction in academic 
writing in various programs across the University, such as the First Year 
Seminar, a mature Writing Across the Curriculum program, and Peer 
Tutoring. The successful candidate will significantly shape and enrich 
writing instruction across the five colleges of the University. Qualified 
candidates should have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition 
or commensurate 
experience in the field, should have achieved the rank of professor or 
advanced associate professor, should be qualified for tenure in the Department 
of English, should have a distinguished publishing record, preferably 
in Rhetoric/Composition, 
and should have significant administrative experience 
and evidence of successful teaching. 

The Director will help articulate the goals and vision of our University 
writing programs, and organize faculty development initiatives in support 
of these goals. The Director will also be expected to have ideas and 
strategies for developing our writing programs in directions that are rich 
in pedagogical thought and innovative in curricular scope. Teaching load 
negotiable; salary will include compensation for summer duties. 

Send statement of interest, curriculum vita, copies of transcripts, copies of 
student evaluations, and three letters of reference to Judi Morrel, Search 
Committee Chair, Liberal Arts and Sciences, Butler University, 4600 
Sunset Ave., Indianapolis, Indiana 46208. To receive full consideration, 
applications should be received by November 1. Interviews will be held 
at MLA. 

Butler University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to building 
a culturally diverse intellectual community, and strongly encourages 
applications from women and historically underrepresented groups. [R] 

DePauw U 

English, 100 E Seminary 307 Asbury Hall Greencastle IN 46135 

Assistant Professor 376 

http://www.
depauw.edu/acad/
english 

Department of English. DePauw University. Creative Writing. Applications 
invited for tenure-track position beginning August 2008 in Fiction 
Writing. M.F.A. or equivalent terminal degree required; rank and 
salary commensurate with experience. Knowledge and experience in 
other genres helpful. Teaching includes introductory/advanced 
courses 
in creative writing, introductory literature, and first-year college writing. 
Promise of publication and teaching excellence required. Commitment 
to undergraduate teaching in liberal arts setting essential. For information 
about department, visit http://www.
depauw.edu/acad/
English. DePauw 
has exceptional faculty development programs including pre-tenure leave 
and internal grants (see http://www.
depauw.edu/admin/
acadaffairs/ 
facdev/). 
Submit letter of application and c.v. to Joseph Heithaus, Chair, 
English Department, DePauw University, Greencastle, IN 46135. Review 
of applications begins October 29 and continues until position is filled. 
DePauw University is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

DePauw U 

English, 100 E Seminary 307 Asbury Hall Greencastle IN 46135 

Assistant Professor 374 

http://www.
depauw.edu/acad/
English 

Department of English. DePauw University. Literature. Applications 
invited for tenure-track position beginning August 2008 in literature, 
field open, with preferred specializations in African-American literature, 
world literature, Early Modern (Renaissance) drama, or British modernism. 
Ph.D. or ABD required; rank and salary commensurate with experience. 
Teaching includes introductory/advanced 
literature, college writing 
for first-year students. Promise of scholarly productivity and teaching excellence 
required. Commitment to undergraduate teaching in liberal arts 
setting essential. For information about the department, visit http://www 
.depauw.edu/acad/
English. DePauw has exceptional faculty development 
programs including pre-tenure leave and internal grants (see http://www 
.depauw.edu/admin/
acadaffairs/facdev/). 
Submit letter of application and 
c.v. to Joseph Heithaus, Chair, English Department, DePauw University, 
Greencastle, IN 46135. Review of applications begins Oc tober 29 and 
continues until position is filled. DePauw University is an Equal Employment 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 



Indiana U, South Bend 

English, PO Box 7111, 1700 Mishawaka Av South Bend IN 46634 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 975 

http://www.
iusb.edu 

Pending approval, the English Department at Indiana University South 
Bend invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Medieval 
Literature, with a specialization in linguistics, to begin August 2008. 
Ph.D. or advanced ABD in Medieval Literature required; demonstrated 
scholarly activity in the field and excellence in teaching desirable. Applicant 
should have ability to teach first-year students and to develop a 
range of undergraduate and graduate courses. All members of the English 
department regularly teach expository writing courses; enthusiasm 
about first-year writing will be an asset. The teaching load is 3/3. 
Send 
transcripts, 3 reference letters, curriculum vitae, and letter of application 
addressing teaching experience and interests by November 1 to Professor 
Ken Smith, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 1700 Mishawaka 
Ave., P.O. Box 7111, South Bend, IN 46634-7111. IUSB is an AA/ 
EOE 
employer 
and encourages women and minorities to apply. [R] 

Indiana U, Kokomo 

Humanities, 2300 S Washington St Kokomo IN 46904 

Assistant Professor of English 716 

http://www.
iuk.edu 

School of Arts & Sciences 

One of eight campuses of Indiana University, Indiana University Kokomo 
is a comprehensive, non-residential campus located 50 miles north of Indianapolis 
in Kokomo, Indiana, a city with a population of about 47,000. 
Committed to student success, the campus serves approximately 2,800 
students from an 11-county area in north central Indiana. An additional 
350 students pursue degrees in technology in cooperation with Purdue 
University. IU Kokomo has approximately 210 faculty and staff and 100 
part-time employees. Associate, baccalaureate, and masters degrees are offered. 
Additional information about Indiana University Kokomo can be 
accessed at http://www.
iuk.edu. 

Primary Responsibilities: This is a tenure-track position teaching medieval 
through 18th-Century 
British literature. Faculty members at IU 
Kokomo 
teach three courses per semester and are expected to teach writin 
g and introductory literature in addition to courses in their specialty 
areas. Evidence of effective teaching, publications, and a record of service 
will be required for tenure and promotion. 

Minimum Qualifications: Candidates must have a Ph.D. or appropriate 
doctorate in English in hand at the time of application. Experience in 
literary theory, cultural studies, film studies, instructional technologies, 
or composition is highly desirable. All candidates must have a record of 
effective college teaching, a demonstrated familiarity with new instructional 
technologies, and a strong interest in curriculum development and 
student mentoring. 

Starting Date: August 2008 

Application Procedure: Application review will begin November 15, 
2007, and continue until the position is filled. To apply, send a letter of 
interest, a current curriculum vitae, a list of graduate course work, a statement 
of teaching philosophy, and at least three letters of reference. 

All applications should be addressed to: Dr. Ann Cameron, Chairperson, 
c/o 
Marsha Shaw (mwhite@iuk.edu), Department of Humanities, Indiana 
University Kokomo, 2300 South Washington Street, Kokomo, Indiana 
46904-9003 

Indiana University Kokomo is an Equal Opportunity and Aff irmative 
Action Institution. Persons with disabilities who need modifications or 
adjustment s to participate in this application process should contact the 
office of Affirmative Action at (765) 455-9529. Verification of a disability 
under the Americans with Disabilities Act may be required. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Fiction 621 

http://www.
indiana.edu/%7Eengweb/index.
htm 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Creative Writing to teach graduate 
and undergraduate fiction workshops, as well as literature courses in contemporary 
fiction. Expertise in African American and/or 
African Diaspora 
literature strongly desired. Appointment to begin Fall 2008. 

Ours is a highly ranked program with a national reputation for diversity 
among its faculty and students, and we are looking for a dynamic colleague 
to join us as we launch our newly-approved joint interdepartmental 
MA/MFA 
in creative writing and African American and African 
Diaspora Studies. 

Substantial publications (minimum a book, published or under contract), 
an MFA, and previous college-level teaching preferred. 2/2 
annual teaching 
load plus thesis advising. Letters of application and current CV, postmarked 
by October 26, 2007, should be sent to Samrat Upadhyay, Chair, 
Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, Indiana 
University, 442 Ballantine Hall, 1020 East Kirkwood Avenue, Bloomington, 
IN 47405-7103. All other inquiries should be addressed to George 
Hutchinson, Chair, Department of English. For further information about 
our program, please consult http://www.
indiana.edu/~mfawrite/. 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. 

We are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Assistant Professor of 18th-­Century English Literature 620 

http://www.
indiana.edu/%7Eengweb/index.
htm 

Tenure-track position for an Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century 
English Literature, to begin Fall 2008. Please send a letter of application 
and a CV postmarked by November 1, 2007, to George Hutchinson, 
Chair, Department of English, Indiana University, 442 Ballantine Hall, 
1020 East Kirkwood Avenue, Bloomington, IN 47405-7103. 

Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial and ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 519 

http://www.
cla.purdue.edu/english/ 


The English Department at Purdue University invites applications for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professorship in Rhetoric and Composition. Applicants 
must have a demonstrated interest in writing program administration, 
particularly undergraduate writing curriculum development, as 
well as in new media and applications of technology in writing courses. 
Teaching load is 2–2, including a graduate practicum in the teaching of 
composition, other graduate and undergraduate rhetoric and composition 
courses, and service on Ph.D. dissertation committees. Ph.D. in 
rhetoric and composition required. Starting date: August 18, 2008. Review 
of applications begins Nov. 1, 2007, and will continue until position 
is filled. Interviews at MLA. Send letter of application, c.v., writing 
sample, and three letters of recommendation addressing scholarship and 



teaching strengths to Professor Nancy Peterson, Assistant Head, Department 
of English, 500 Oval Drive, West Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. Purdue 
University is an Equal Access/Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 
Women and candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor of Middle English Literature and Language 522 

http://www.
cla.purdue.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at Purdue University invites applications for a 
tenure-track appointment as an Assistant Professor in Middle English Literature 
and Language. Candidates must have a specialization in Chaucer 
with a strong secondary area in Middle English Language. Other secondary 
areas are open. The successful applicant will teach a 2–2 load, including 
both undergraduate and graduate language and literature courses, and 
will participate in M.A. and Ph.D. thesis advising. Ph.D. in relevant field 
required. Starting date: August 18, 2008. Initial review of applications 
will begin Nov. 1, 2007, and will continue until position is filled. Interviews 
at MLA. Send letter of application, CV, writing sample, and three 
letters of recommendation addressing scholarship and teaching strengths 
to Professor Nancy Peterson, Assistant Head, Department of English, 500 
Oval Drive, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. Purdue 
University is an Equal Access/Equal 
Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action 
Employer. 
Women and candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

U of Notre Dame 

English, 356 O’Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Latino/Latina 
literature. Rank open. 809 

http://english.
nd.edu 

The Department of English at the University of Notre Dame is seeking 
to make an appointment in Latino/Latina 
literature. Rank is open with 
preference for a tenured appointment, but senior assistant professors will 
also be considered. We seek a candidate with a substantial publication record 
who complements our current strengths. Our primary emphasis is 
on U.S. Latino/Latina 
literature. The Department is also very receptive to 
scholars interested in trans-American studies, gender studies, and interdisciplinary 
collaboration. The Department enjoys affiliations with several 
programs, including Gender Studies and the Institute for Latino Studies. 

The Department of English, with forty-five full-time teaching and research 
faculty, offers programs in all areas of literature in English. Faculty 
teach two courses a semester, graduate and undergraduate, with most 
courses in their areas of specialization. The University of Notre Dame, 
located 90 miles from Chicago, is an intern ational Catholic research university. 
The University is an equal opportunity educator and employer 
that 
actively works to promote an intercultural learning community and seeks 
outstanding applicants from women and persons of diverse backgrounds. 
Information about Notre Dame is available at http://www.
nd.edu. 

Salary highly competitive. Please send a letter of application and c.v. 
to Katherine OBrien OKeeffe, Chair, Department of English, 356 
O’Shaughnessy Hall, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556. 
The committee will begin deliberations on materials received by October 
31, 2007, and the search will continue until the position has been 
filled. [R] 

U of Notre Dame 

Film, Television, and Theatre, 230 DPAC Notre Dame IN 

Assistant Professor in Theatre 711 

http://www.
nd.edu/~ftt 

The Department of Film, Television, & Theatre at the University of 
Notre Dame, a vibrant and growing department, seeks candidates for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professor in Theatre whose primary area of research 
is 20th and 21st-century 
dramatic literature/dramaturgy 
and text 
in performance. 

The teaching load of two courses per semester may include the required 
course in Script Analysis & Dramaturgy. The Ph.D. in hand is required or 
an equivalent level of professional or academic achievement. 

Preference may be given to candidates with a special interest in African 
Diasporic drama, Latino/Latina 
drama, religion and drama, and/or 
International/
World 
drama. 

Candidates should apply by forwarding a letter of interest, a curriculum 
vitae, and a list of three references to Professor Mark C. Pilkinton, Drama 
Search Chair, Department of Film, Television, & Theatre, University of 
Notre Dame, 230F DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, Notre Dame, IN 
46556. 

The University of Notre Dame, an international Catholic research university, 
is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer 
with a 
strong institutional commitment to racial, cultural, and gender diversity. 

Notre Dame welcomes applications from women, members of minority 
groups, or those attracted to a university with a Catholic identity. 

Application deadline: November 15, 2007. 

For information about our department, see www.nd.edu/~ftt/. [R] 

Iowa 

Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Assistant Professor of English (Medieval Lit, tenure track) 279 

http://www.
grinnell.edu 

Tenure-track English Department position in medieval literature, starting 
Fall 2008. Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) preferred; Instructor (ABD) or 
Associate Professor possible. Grinnell College is a highly selective undergraduate 
liberal arts college whose English department offers courses in 
a broad range of literary traditions spanning the long history and present 
multiplicity of writing in English. The Colleges curriculum is founded on 
a strong advising system and close student-faculty interaction, with few 
college-wide requirements beyond the completion of a major. The teaching 
schedule of five courses over two semesters will include an upperdivision 
seminar offered as Chaucer or Studies in Medieval Literature in 
alternate years; a survey of early British literature; introductory literature 
courses, andbeginning in the second or third year of the appointmentEnglish 
historical linguistics. Every two to three years, the position will 
also include a Tutorial, a course that introduces first-years students to college 
writing and critical thinking through a special topic. Ability to teach 
the craft of argument (rhetoric) is also desirable. In letters of application, 
candidates should discuss their interest in developing their teaching and 
scholarship in an undergraduate, liberal arts environment that emphasizes 
close student-faculty interaction. Candidates should also address how they 
can contribute to efforts to cultivate a wide diversity of people and perspectives, 
a core value of Grinnell College. To be assured of full consideration, 
applications must be received by November 1, 2007. Send letter, 
c.v. and three confidential letters of recommendation to Professor Erik 
Simpson, Search Committee, Department of English, 1213 Sixth Avenue, 
Grinnell College, Grinnell, IA 50112. [EnglishSearch@grinnell.edu], 
641-269-4655; fax 641-269-4718. 

Grinnell College is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative action employer 
committed to attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals who 
collectively reflect the diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated 
against on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, age, 
gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, creed, or disability. For 
further information about Grinnell College, see our Web site at http:// 
www.
grinnell.edu. [R] 



Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Gender and Women’s Studies 324 

http://www.
grinnell.edu 

GRINNELL COLLEGE-GENDER AND WOMENS STUDIES 
CONCENTRATION TENURE TRACK POSITION 

Tenure track position in Gender and Womens Studies, starting Fall 2008. 
Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) preferred; Instructor (ABD) or Associate Professor 
possible. We expect this faculty member to be placed in a department 
congruent with her/his 
specialization, and to be a member of the 
Gender and Womens Studies Committee. Grinnell College is a highly 
selective undergraduate liberal arts college. The Colleges curriculum is 
founded on a strong advising system and close student-faculty interaction, 
with few college-wide requirements beyond the completion of a major. 
The Gender and Womens Studies Concentration is an interdisciplinary 
program that offers basic courses in the field of Gender and Womens Studies 
and draws on affiliated courses offered throughout the College curriculum. 
The teaching load of five courses over two semesters will include 
three basic courses for the Concentration: an Introduction to Gender and 
Womens Studies; Theory in Gender and Womens Studies; and the Senior 
Seminar for concentrators. The successful candidate will also teach 
core courses in her/his 
area of specialization; every few years one course 
will be Tutorial (a writing/critical 
thinking course for first-year students, 
oriented toward a special topic). In this search, the College wishes to reinforce 
its commitment to increase faculty diversity, recognizing that to 
provide a diverse learning environment is to prepare students for personal 
and professional success in an increasingly multicultural society. In letters 
of application, candida tes should discuss their interest in developing as 
a teacher and scholar in an undergraduate, liberal-arts college that emphasizes 
close student-faculty interaction. They also should discuss what 
they can contribute to efforts to cultivate a wide diversity of people and 
perspectives, a core value of Grinnell College. Such contributions can 
take the form of one or more of the following: a) ethnic/cultural 
background 
from one or more of the traditionally underrepresented domestic 
groups (African-American, Latino-American, Asian-American, Native 
American); b) areas of specialty in teaching or research that enhance the 
attention accorded to issues of diversit y in the Colleges intellectual life 
and curriculum; or c) pedagogical methods aimed at the engagement and 
retention of students from traditionally under-represented groups, including 
the domestic groups above and first-generation college attendees. We 
are especially interested in candidates who can demonstrate willingness to 
engage in collaborative and interdisciplinary teaching and research. To be 
assured of full consideration, all application materials should be received 
by November 15, 2007. Please send a letter of application, c.v., and three 
confidential letters of recommendation to Kathleen Skerrett, Chair of the 
Gender and Womens Studies Committee, Steiner Hall, Grinnell College, 
Grinnell IA 50112-1690. GWSSearch@grinnell.edu. 641-269-3157; Fax 
641-269-4414. 

Grinnell College is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative action employer 
committed to attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals who 
collectively reflect the diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated 
against on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, age, 
gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, creed, or disability. For 
further information about Grinnell College, see our Web site at http:// 
www.
grinnell.edu. [R] 

Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

African-American Literature (tenure track) 612 

http://www.
grinnell.edu 

Tenure-track English Department position in African-American literature, 
starting Fall 2008. Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) preferred; Instructor 
(ABD) or Associate Professor possible. Grinnell College is a highly selective 
undergraduate liberal arts college whose English department offers 
courses in a broad range of literary traditions spanning the long history 
and present multiplicity of writing in English. The College’s curriculum 
is founded on a strong advising system and close student-faculty interaction, 
with few college-wide requirements beyond the completion of a 
major. The teaching schedule of five courses over two semesters will include 
an upper-division seminar in African-American literature, a survey 
of African-American literature, a component of our three-part American 
literature survey, and introductory literature courses. Every two years one 
course will be Tutorial (a writing/critical 
thinking course for first-year 
students, oriented toward a special topic). Ability to teach critical theory, 
creative writing, film, or other interdisciplinary topics is also desirable. 
In letters of application, candidates should discuss their interest in developing 
as a teacher and scholar in an undergraduate, liberal-arts college 
that emphasizes close student-faculty interaction. They also should discuss 
what they can contribute to efforts to cultivate a wide diversity of people 
and perspectives, a core value of Grinnell College. To be assured of full 
consideration, applications must be received by November 1, 2007. Send 
letter, c.v. and three confidential letters of recommendation to Professor 
Georg e Barlow, Search Committee, Department of English, 1213 Sixth 
Avenue, Grinnell College, Grinnell, IA 50112. [EnglishSearch2@grinnell 
.edu], 641-269-4655; fax 641-269-4718. 

Grinnell College is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative action employer 
committed to attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals who 
collectively reflect the diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated 
against on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, age, 
gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, creed, or disability. For 
further information about Grinnell College, see our Web site at http:// 
www.
grinnell.edu. [R] 

Grinnell C 

German, PO Box 805 Grinnell IA 50112 

Film History and Theory 310 

http://www.
grinnell.edu 

GRINNELL COLLEGE FILM HISTORY AND THEORY TENURE-
TRACK POSITION 

The Humanities Division is seeking applications from scholars of the 
cinematic arts for a tenure-track position, starting Fall 2008. Assistant 
Professor (Ph.D.) preferred; Instructor (ABD) or Associate Professor possible. 
Candidates must provide evidence of demonstrated excellence and a 
strong commitment to interdisciplinarity in their teaching and research. 
The ideal candidate will be a scholar of film theory and history who can 
contribute to interdisciplinary inquiries into comparative film studies, visual 
culture, visual ethnography, cultural studies, aesthetics, art history, 
film and gender studies, film and literature, or another field that incorporates 
the study of visuality in an interdisciplinary way into the humanities. 
Candidates should also be able to teach courses in a discipline such 
as but not limited to Art, Chinese, English, German, Russian, or another 
national lite rature or comparative literature. The teaching schedule is five 
courses over two semesters; every few years one course will be Tutorial (a 
writing/critical 
thinking course for first-year students, oriented toward a 
special topic). 

In letters of application, candidates should discuss their interest in developing 
as a teacher and scholar in an undergraduate, liberal-arts environment 
that emphasizes close student-faculty interaction. Candidates should also 
address how they can contribute to efforts to cultivate a wide diversity of 
people and perspectives, a core value of Grinnell College. Grinnell College 
is a highly selective undergraduate liberal arts college that supports 
humanistic teaching and research through a wide range of Humanities 
Departments and a Center for the Humanities. The Colleges curriculum is 
founded on a strong advising system and close student-faculty interaction, 
with few college-wide requirements beyond the completion of a major. 
Send letter of application, c.v., three confidential letters of recommendation, 
statement of teaching philosophy and interest, statement of research 
interest, teaching evaluations, and copies of transcripts to Tyler Roberts, 
Steiner Hall, Grinnell College, Grinnell IA 50112-1690 (email: robertst@ 
grinnell.edu;-641-269-3157 fax: 641-269-4414). To be assured full consideration, 
all materials should be received by November 15, 2007. 



Grinnell College is an equal opportunity/aff 
irmative action employer 
committed to attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals who 
collectively reflect the diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated 
against on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, age, 
gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, creed, or disability. 
For further information about Grinnell College, please visit our Web site 
at http://www.
grinnell.edu. [R] 

Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant Professor, 19th Century American Literature and Literature of the 
Environment 857 

http://www.
engl.iastate.edu/ 

Will teach courses in 19th century American literature, and on literature 
and the environment, at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Candidate 
must be able to teach a survey of American Literature to 1865. Tenuretrack; 
beginning August 2008. Ph.D. in English or related field required; 
publication, teaching experience, and expertise in early American literature 
preferred. 2/2 
load to begin. Send only an application letter, list of 
graduate courses completed, and CV by November 1 to Charles Kostelnick, 
Chair, English Department, 203 Ross Hall, Iowa State University, 
Ames, Iowa 50011-1201. AA/EO 
Employer. 
Women and members of 
historically underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant Professor, 19th Century British Literature, including Literature and 
Science 858 

http://www.
engl.iastate.edu/ 

Will teach period courses in Romantic and/or 
Victorian literature, literature 
and science/technology, 
and other undergraduate and graduate 
courses in the candidate’s research specialty. The candidate must be able 
to teach a survey of British Literature since 1800. Tenure-track; beginning 
August 2008. Ph.D. in English or related field required; publication 
and teaching experience preferred. 2/2 
load to begin. Send only an application 
letter, list of graduate courses completed, and CV by November 1 
to Charles Kostelnick, Chair, English Department, 203 Ross Hall, Iowa 
State University, Ames, Iowa 50011-1201. AA/EO 
Employer. 
Women 
and members of historically underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged 
to apply. 

Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 859 

http://www.
engl.iastate.edu/ 

Accomplished writer with publications in one creative writing genre and 
ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in a second genre 
in our newly-formed MFA program in Creative Writing and Environment. 
We seek a colleague whose work engages ideas of place, the natural 
world, and the environmental imagination who will bring fresh ideas and 
approaches to teaching creative writing to our program. An interest in 
place-based, environmental literature is essential. Tenure-track; beginning 
August 2008. MFA or Ph.D. required; substantial publications (one 
book) and teaching experience preferred. 2/2 
load to begin. Applicants 
should send a cover letter and vita by November 1 to Charles Kostelnick, 
Chair, English Department, 203 Ross Hall, Iowa State University, Ames, 
IA 50011-1201. AA/EO 
Employer. 
Women and members of historically 
underrepresented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Iowa SU 

English, 203 Ross Hall Ames IA 50011 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Rhetoric and Professional 
Communication 862 

http://www.
engl.iastate.edu/ 

The successful candidate will have expertise in qualitative research methods 
to teach in a program that integrates technology, empirical research, 
and rhetorical theory. Secondary expertise in the rhetoric of science and 
technology, multicultural rhetoric, or the ethnography of communication 
is especially desirable. A successful candidate must have conducted 
theoretically informed empirical studies of communication. In addition 
to a graduate course in research methods, teaching responsibilities might 
include undergraduate courses in the rhetoric of science and technology, 
business/technical 
communication, rhetorical theory, alternative 
rhetorics. This candidate will also direct dissertations that use empirical 
methods. Tenure-track; beginning August 2008. Ph.D., publications, and 
teaching experience required for either rank; associate professor must also 
have established record of scholarship; record of funded research preferred 
for either rank. 2/2 
load to begin. Send letter of application, statements of 
research and teaching interests, CV, and 35 letters of recommendation by 
November 1 to Charles Kostelnick, Chair, English Department, 203 Ross 
Hall, Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa 50011-1201. AA/EO 
Employer. 
Women and members of historically underrepresented groups are strongly 
encouraged to apply. 

Kansas 

Kansas SU 

English, 108 ECS Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor, Medieval Literature 775 

http://www.
ksu.edu/english 


Tenure-track position. Ph.D. in English, with expertise in Medieval Literature. 
Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate and graduate 
courses in medieval literature as well as the first half of a British survey 
course. Demonstrated excellence in teaching, evidence of research and 
publication or its potential required. Additional areas of interest include 
English language studies (Old English, History of the English Language). 
Commitment to diversity required. Five course per year teaching load. 
Opportunities to develop innovative pedagogies. 

Send letter of application and c.v. (dossiers/writing 
samples requested 
later) to Karin Westman, Head, English Dept., ECS Building, Kansas 
State University, Manhattan, KS 66506. Review of applications begins 
November 5 and continues until the position is filled. Kansas State 
is an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its 
employees. [R] 

Kansas SU 

English, 108 ECS Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor, Composition and Rhetoric 779 

http://www.
ksu.edu/english 


Tenure-track position. Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
or related field, 
with Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
preferred. Demonstrated excellence 
in teaching, evidence of research and publication or its potential required. 
Areas of expertise should include one or more of the following: rhetoric, 
digital or new media, literacy studies, gender studies, and composition 
theory. Additional areas of interest include technical/professional 
writing, linguistics, and writing program administration. Opportunities 
to develop innovative interdisciplinary pedagogies and mentor graduate 
students. Commitment to diversity required. Demonstrated commitment 
to program development and experience with diverse clients or students 
desirable. Five course per year teaching load. 



Send letter of application and c.v. (dossiers/writing 
samples requested 
later) to Karin Westman, Head, English Dept., ECS Building, Kansas 
State University, Manhattan, KS 66506. Review of applications begins 
November 5 and continues until the position is filled. Kansas State 
is an equal opportunity employer 
and actively seeks diversity among its 
employees. [R] 

U of Kansas 

English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd, 3116 Wescoe Hall Lawrence KS 66045 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 679 

http://www.
english.ku.edu 

U of Kansas, English Lawrence, KS 66045-7290 

Tenure-track; expected to begin 18 August 2008. Duties: Teach introductory 
through graduate-level courses in English literature before 1500 (Old 
and Middle English) and introductory literature and writing courses; research 
and writing leading to publication; serve on departmental, college, 
and university committees, and actively contribute to the workings of the 
university community. 2–2 teaching assignment. Required qualifications: 
Specialization in English literature before 1500; evidence of successful 
teaching provided by letters of recommendation; PhD in English expected 
by start date of appointment. Preferred qualifications: Relevant publication. 
Send application materials (letter of application, CV, and three recent 
letters of recommendation that evaluate scholarship and teaching) to: 
Dorice Elliott, Chair, Department of English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd., 3001 
Wescoe Hall, The University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS 66045-7590. 

Applications postmarked by 26 October 2007 will receive first consideration. 
Interviews at MLA. E-mail contact: relliott@ku.edu. EO/AA 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Kansas 

English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd, 3116 Wescoe Hall Lawrence KS 66045 

Assistant Professor of Fiction Writing 689 

http://www.
english.ku.edu 

Tenure-track; expected start date: August 18, 2008. Duties: Teach introductory 
through graduate-level courses in fiction writing, introductory 
literature and writing courses, and courses in a secondary area of specialization; 
serve on graduate student committees and direct theses and dissertations; 
writing leading to publication; serve on departmental, college, 
and university committees, and contribute to the workings of the university 
community. 2–2 teaching assignment. Required qualifications: Significant 
publication of prose fiction: at least one book of fiction; evidence 
of successful teaching provided by letters of recommendation; MFA or 
Ph.D. in English, or equivalent, expected by start date of appointment. 
Preferred qualifications: Expertise in one or more writing genres, including 
but not limited to creative nonfiction, playwriting, screenwriting, or 
poetry. Application must include letter of application, CV, sample publications, 
and at least three but no mo re than five recent letters of recommendation 
that evaluate publications and teaching. Applications must be 
postmarked by 15 November 2007 to receive first consideration. Contact: 
Dorice Elliott, Chair, Department of English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd., 3001 
Wescoe Hall, The University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS 66045-7590. Email 
contact: relliott@ku.edu. EO/AA 
Employer. 
[R] 

Kentucky 

Berea C 

English, Theatre & Communication, PO Box 2351 Berea KY 40404 

English 366 

http://www.
berea.edu 

Berea College announces a tenure-track position in English beginning in 
August, 2008. Appointment is expected to be at the assistant professor 
rank; a Ph.D. in English is required at time of appointment. Teaching 
responsibilities in the Department of English, Theatre and Speech Communication 
include basic and advanced English courses, especially in 17th 
and 18th century British literature, as well as courses in the College’s 
general studies curriculum. Superior teaching at the undergraduate level 
and commitment to the purposes of the College are essential. Applicants 
should submit a letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, and three 
letters of recommendation, or complete placement file to Dr. Verlaine 
McDonald, Chair, Department of English, Theatre and Speech Communication, 
CPO 1893, Berea College, Berea, KY 40404. Review of applications 
will begin on October 1 and will continue until the position is 
filled. Minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

Berea College, in light of its mission in the tradition of impartial love 
and social equality, welcomes all people of the earth to learn and work 
here. [R] 

Georgetown C 

Provost, 400 East College St Georgetown KY 40324 

Assistant Professor of English 726 

http://www.
georgetowncollege.edu 

Georgetown College invites outstanding and diverse candidates to apply 
for the position of Assistant Professor in the Department of English. The 
position currently carries a 4/4 
load and courses will include British literature 
survey and freshman composition. The candidate should be a generalist 
interested in developing courses in literary theory, African-American 
literature and post-colonial literature. A PhD in English Literature is 
required. 
Georgetown College is a private liberal arts institution and emphasis 
is placed on teaching excellence in the context of a church-related 
college. The College complies with federal and state guidelines of nondiscrimination 
in employment; women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. Please send letter of application, vita, copies of transcripts, and at 
least three letters of reference to Dr. Rosemary Allen, Provost, Georgetown 
College, 400 E. College Street, Georgetown, KY 40324. Applications 
must be postmarked by November 15, 2007. Preliminary interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA conference in Chicago in December. www 
.georgetowncollege.edu 

Murray SU 

English & Philos, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor, 16th-­century British Literature 231 

http://www.
murraystate.edu/chfa/
english/index.
htm 

Assistant Professor, 16th-Century 
British Literature, Department of English 
and Philosophy, Murray State University. Full-time, tenure-track 
position to begin August 2008. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English by appointment 
date with an emphasis in 16th-Century 
British Literature and 
ability to teach Shakespeare required. Evidence of teaching excellence 
and scholarly potential required; the ability to teach a sophomore-level 
Humanities course and freshman-level Composition courses is required. 
Ability to teach film desirable. Responsibilities: Teach courses in 16th- 
Century 
British literature, covering all genres, as well as appropriate 
surveys in British literature, sophomore-level Humanities courses, and 
first-year Composition courses. Application Deadline: November 9, 2007. 
To Apply: Submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, placement file 
with transcripts and three recent letters of recommendation addressing the 
above to: 16th-Century 
British Literature Se arch, Department of English 
and Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray, 
KY 42071-3341. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray 
State University is an equal education and employment opportunity, M/ 
F/
D/, AA employer. 
[R] 



Murray SU 

English & Philosophy, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor, World Literature since 1900 928 

http://www.
murraystate.edu/chfa/
english/index.
htm 

Assistant Professor, World Literature since 1900, Department of English 
and Philosophy, Murray State University. Tenure-track position to begin 
August 2008. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature 
by date of appointment with emphasis in World/Anglophone 
Literature 
since 1900 is required. Must demonstrate evidence of good teaching and 
scholarly potential. Ability to teach film studies, familiarity with earlier 
literary periods, and proficiency in electronic teaching technologies are 
preferred. Responsibilities: Teach four courses per semester in world literature, 
film studies, sophomore-level humanities, and first-year composition; 
conduct scholarly research sufficient for tenure and advancement; 
engage in appropriate service. Application Deadline: November 9, 2007. 
To Apply: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and placement file 
with transcripts and three recent letters of recommendation addressing 
the above qualifications/responsibilities 
t o World Literature Search, Department 
of English and Philosophy, Murray State University, 7C Faculty 
Hall, Murray, KY 42071-3341. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. Murray State University is an equal education and employment opportunity, 
M/F/
D, AA employer. 
[R] 

Murray SU 

English & Philosophy, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Visiting Professor in Residence, Creative Writing 559 

http://www.
murraystate.edu/chfa/
english/index.
htm 

Visiting Professor in Residence, Nancy and Rayburn Watkins Endowed 
Professorship in Creative Writing. Department of English and Philosophy, 
Murray State University. Full-time nine (9) month, non-tenure track 
position to begin August 2008. Qualifications: M. F. A. in Creative Writing 
or equivalent required. Must have distinguished record of publication 
in fiction, including a minimum of one published book. Evidence of 
good teaching ability required. Responsibilities: Will teach two courses 
each semester and participate in the reading series and the low-residency 
M.F.A in Creative Writing. Application Deadline: November 30, 2007 
To Apply: Submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, placement file 
with transcripts and three recent letters of recommendation addressing the 
above qualifications/responsibilities, 
and evaluations of teach to: Creative 
Writing (Fiction) Search, Department of English and Philosophy, Murray 
State University, 7C Faculty Hall, Murray KY 42071-3341. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. Murray State University is an equal 
education and employment opportunity, M/F/
D, AA employer. 
[R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Advanced Assistant/Associate/
Full Professor Composition and Rhetoric 293 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-line advanced 
assistant, associate, or full professor in composition and rhetoric. 
Candidates must show evidence of research, teaching, and administrative 
abilities. Duties include serving as writing program director in alternation 
with other faculty; and teaching upper-division and graduate courses in 
writing pedagogy, the essay/creative 
nonfiction, and style or editing. The 
teaching load for the position is 2/2; 
1/1 
when serving a term as WPA. 
Preliminary interviews will be conducted by video link or conference call 
beginning November 14th. 

Please send letter, vita, and the names of 3 references, by November 5th to 
be considered for the November 14th preliminary interviews, to: 

Composition and Rhetoric Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 
1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
Kentucky 40506 

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Appointmen t 
begins August 2008. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor British Literature of the Long 19th Century 292 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in British literature of the long 19th century. 
Evidence of scholarly promise and teaching ability required. Ph.D. 
expected at time of appointment. Teaching load is two courses per semester; 
teaching responsibilities will normally include graduate, advanced 
undergraduate, and introductory courses in this area. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and three letters of 
recommendation to: 

British Literature Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 
1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, Kentucky 
40506 

Deadline is November 2. We will conduct interviews at the MLA 
Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2008. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor Renaissance Literature 289 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in Renaissance literature, either nondramatic, 
or dramatic, or a combination. Evidence of scholarly promise 
and teaching ability required. Ph.D. expected at time of appointment. 
Teaching load is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities will 
normally include graduate, advanced undergraduate, and introductory 
courses in this area. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and three letters of 
recommendation to: 

Renaissance Literature Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 
1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
Kentucky 40506 

Deadline is November 2. We will conduct interviews at the MLA 
Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2008. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor African-American Literature and Culture 287 

http://www.
uky.edu/AS/
English 

The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor specializing in African-American literature and culture. 
Work that crosses the literature and cultures of the African Diaspora is 
especially welcome. Evidence of scholarly promise and teaching ability 
required. Ph.D. expected at time of appointment. Teaching load is two 
courses per semester; teaching responsibilities will normally include graduate, 
advanced undergraduate, and introductory courses in this area. 



Please send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to: African-American Literature Search, c/o 
Ms. Lucy Combs, English 
Department, 1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
Kentucky 40506 

Deadline is November 2. We will conduct interviews at the MLA 
Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2008. 

The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor of English, Modern and Contemporary Drama 309 

http://louisville.
edu/a-
s/english 


Assistant Professor, Modern and Contemporary Drama, University of 
Louisville, Fall 2008 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professorship in Modern and Contemporary Drama to begin with 
the Fall semester 2008. We seek a scholar qualified to teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in modern and contemporary drama, with a research 
specialty in either area or both, including interests in performance studies, 
new media, theatre history, and/or 
playwriting. Candidates should have 
a record of excellent teaching and demonstrated ability to do research. 
Teaching load appropriate to a research institution; salary competitive. 
Course assignments range from graduate seminars to undergraduate writing 
(which all professorial faculty teach). Ph. D. required by date of appointment. 
Applications must be postmarked on or before November 5, 
2007. 

Send letter, vita, and writing sample (of reasonable length) to Professor 
Suzette Henke, Chair, Drama Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 40292. 

All applicants must also apply online at http://www.
louisville.edu/jobs 
by November 5, 2007. Reference Job ID No. 21988. If you have trouble 
with the online application, please e-mail Ms. Pamela Drake prdrak01@ 
louisville.edu or phone 502-852-6801. 

The University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Disabilities Employer, 
committed to diversity and, 
in that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. [R] 

U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor, Early Modern English Literature and Culture 333 

http://www.
louisville.edu/a-
s/english 


Assistant Professor, Early Modern English Literature and Culture, University 
of Louisville, Fall 2008 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track assistant 
professorship in sixteenth and/or 
seventeenth century English Literature 
and Culture to begin with the Fall semester 2008. Candidates should have 
a record of excellent teaching and demonstrated ability to do successful 
research. Teaching load appropriate to a research institution; salary competitive. 
Course assignments range from graduate seminars to undergraduate 
writing (which all professorial faculty teach). Ph. D. required by date 
of appointment. Applications must be postmarked on or before November 
5, 2007. 

Send letter and vita to Professor Matthew Biberman, Chair, Search 
Committee, 
Department of English, University of Louisville, Louisville, 
KY 40292. 

All applicants must also apply online at http://www.
louisville.edu/jobs 
by 
November 5, 2007. Please reference Job ID# 22005. If yo u have trouble 
with the online application, please e-mail Mr. Kris Anderson (kdande02@ 
gwise.louisville.edu) or phone 502-852-0505. 

The University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Disabilities Employer, 
committed to diversity and 
in that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. [R] 

U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Axton Poetry Fellow, University of Louisville, Fall 2008 831 

http://www.
louisville.edu/a-
s/english 


Writers who have received their terminal degree within the last f ive 
years in Creative Writing are invited to apply for an Axton Fellowship in 
Creative Writing. The purpose of these fellowships is to provide recent 
graduates with time to further their own work, to associate them with a 
distinguished faculty, and to allow them to contribute to a vibrant creative 
writing community. Two fellows, one in poetry and one in fiction, 
will be appointed for the academic years 2008–2009 and 2009–2010, and 
will be awarded a stipend and benefits. 

Each fellow will give a reading in the Axton reading series once during 
her or his tenure, will run one, two-day literary seminar, and will teach 
one course each semester. Of these courses, one will be of the fellows 
design, another will be on the teaching of creative writing, and the other 
two will be upper level creative writing or literature courses. The fellows 
will be expected to be in residence in Louisville during their fellowsh ip 
period. The fellowships will provide a stipend of $25,000 a year plus benefits 
for two years. 

Candidates for the fellowship should submit the following documents: a) 
a current CV; b) a one-page proposal for an undergraduate course; c) a 
writing sample-no more than 25 pages; and d) at least three letters of recommendation. 
Applications must be postmarked by November 2, 2007. 

Mail applications to: Axton Fellowships, Paul Griner, Director of Creative 
Writing, Department of English, Bingham Humanities 315, University of 
Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky, 40292 

The University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Disabilities Employer, 
committed to diversity and 
in that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. [R] 

Louisiana 

Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Allen Hall 260 Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor (One or more positions/Tenure-
track/
Full-
time) 105 

http://www.
lsu.edu 

Department of English OR History and Education 

In pursuit of the Louisiana State University Flagship Agenda the History 
and English departments in conjunction with the Geaux Teach Secondary 
Education Program are seeking a Assistant/Associate 
Professor (One 
or more positions/Tenure-
track/Full-
time) with a joint appointment in 
History or English and Education. Required Qualifications: Ph.D./Ed.D. 
in English Education, Literature, Composition and Rhetoric, Social 
Studies Education, or History; strong research agenda and experience in 
secondary school settings. Additional Qualifications Desired: Teaching 
experience at the secondary and university level; experience with urban 
partnerships and diverse populations; field experience supervision; collaboration 
with K-12 colleagues; successful grant writing; skill with electronic 
resources in English or Social Studies Education; experience in one 
or more related areas such as assessment, reading in the content area, or 
NCATE/NCTE, 
NCSS standards. Responsibilities: teaches undergraduate 
and graduate courses in English or History and/or 
Education; works 
with the existing coordinator advising and supervising interns and mentor 
teachers; provides leadership for the Secondary Education program. Louisiana 
State University offers Masters and doctoral degrees in Education, 
English and History. Ours is a technology-rich campus with a well-established 
reputation for excellence in teaching and research. An offer of 



employment is contingent on a satisfactory pre-employment background 
check. Salary and rank will b e commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Louisiana State University is an equal opportunity/equal 
access 
employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. Position begin date 
is August 2008. Application deadline is November 15, 2007 or until candidates 
are selected. Please send application cover letter, vita (including 
e-mail address), and three letters of recommendation to: 

Robin Roberts, Associate Dean, 119 Hodges Hall, Louisiana State University, 
Ref: #033248, Baton Rouge, LA 70803. E-mail: rrobert@lsu 
.edu. Phone: (225) 578-3141 

LSU IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/EQUAL 
ACCESS EMPLOYER 

Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Allen Hall 260 Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Professor/Fred 
C. Frey Chair in Couthern Studies 221 

http://www.
lsu.edu 

(Tenured) 

Department of English OR Department of History 

College of Arts & Sciences 

The College of Arts & Sciences at Louisiana State University invites 
nominations and applications for the Professor/Fred 
C. Frey Chair in 
Southern Studies position. Required Qualifications: Ph.D.; tenure or its 
equivalent at a university or college; distinguished record of scholarship 
and teaching, with a particular emphasis on Southern literature and/or 
history and their broader relations to the Caribbean and Atlantic Worlds. 
Additional Qualifications Desired: Demonstrated excellence in undergraduate 
teaching; an interest in interdisciplinary approaches. Dedicated 
to the enhancement of undergraduate education in the humanities, the 
Frey Professorship is a tenured position, with appointment at the rank of 
Full Professor in either the Department of English or the Department of 
History. The Chair offers a competitive salary, a resea rch fund, and a 
research assistant. An offer of employment is contingent on a satisfactory 
pre-employment background check. The deadline for applications is December 
3, 2007 or until the position is filled. The appointment begins 
August 2008. Please send curriculum vitae (including e-mail address), 
samples of teaching evaluations, and three letters of recommendation to: 

Dean Guillermo Ferreyra, Frey Search Committee, College of Arts & 
Sciences, 132 Hodges Hall, Louisiana State University, Ref: #000926, 
Baton Rouge, LA 70803 

LSU IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/EQUAL 
ACCESS EMPLOYER 

Tulane U 

English, 6823 St Charles Av New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of English (Early Modern Literature) 870 

http://www.
tulane.edu/~english 

The Department of English at Tulane University seeks to fill two tenure-
track positions in Early Modern Literature. For one of these positions 
we seek a candidate with research and teaching expertise in Elizabethan 
and Jacobean drama. For the second position, the area of specialization is 
open. Please send a letter of application, vita, and a 25 page writing sample 
no later than October 15th, 2007 addressed to Gaurav Desai, Chair, 
Department of English at engpos1@tulane.edu Initial applications will 
only be accepted electronically and should be sent as attachments in either 
Word or pdf formats. Letters of recommendations (in hard copy) will be 
requested at a later date. We will be interviewing at the MLA Convention. 
These positions are subject to a final university determination on 
funding. Tulane University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. All eligible candidates 
are invited to apply for position vacancies as appropriate. 

U of Louisiana, Lafayette 

English, PO Box 44691 Lafayette LA 70504 

Assistant Professor of English 834 

http://english.
louisiana.edu 

Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2008. Twentieth-Century 
British 
Literature; secondary field desirable. Duties: teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses, serving on M.A. and Ph.D. committees, directing 
theses and dissertations, departmental service (e.g., advising, departmental 
and university committees). Continued publishing in field and duties 
associated with holding a university position. Qualifications: Ph.D. in 
English required, record of professional activities and publications, teaching 
experience. Salary competitive. Minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. Send application letter, current CV, and names and addresses of 
three references to Professor Marcia Gaudet, Department Head, Department 
of English, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, P.O. Box 44691, 
Lafayette, LA 70504-4691. Applications will be reviewed as they arrive. 
UL Lafayette is a selective-admissions, state-supported university of 
16,500 students located in the heart of the Acadian-Creole region. The 
department offers the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. in English, as well as graduate 
concentrations in Rhetoric, Creative Writing, Folklore, and Linguistics. 
AA/EEO 
compliant. [R] 

U of Louisiana, Lafayette 

English, PO Box 44691 Lafayette LA 70504 

Assistant Professor of English 823 

http://english.
louisiana.edu 

Tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2008. Creative Writing-Fiction; 
secondary field desirable. Duties: teaching undergraduate and graduate 
courses, serving on M.A. and Ph.D. committees, directing theses and 
dissertations, departmental service (e.g., advising, departmental and university 
committees). Continued publishing in field and other duties associated 
with holding a university position. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English 
required, record of professional activities and publications, teaching experience. 
Salary competitive. Minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 
Send application letter, current CV, and names and addresses of three 
references to Professor Marcia Gaudet, Department Head, Department 
of English, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, P.O. Box 44691, Lafayette, 
LA 70504-4691. Applications will be reviewed as they arrive. UL 
Lafayette is a selective-admissions, state-supported university of 16,300 
students located in the heart of the Acadian-Creole region. The department 
offers the B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. in English, as well as graduate concentrations 
in Rhetoric, Creative Writing, Folklore, and Linguistics. AA/ 
EEO 
compliant. [R] 

U of New Orleans 

English, Lakefront New Orleans LA 70148 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 955 

http://english.
uno.edu 

University of New Orleans, English Department, Assistant Professor, tenure 
track, to begin fall 2008. Seeking an Americanist in modern and/or 
contemporary literary and cultural studies with a specialization in one or 
more of the following areas: African-American literature, New Orleans 
or Louisiana literature, and literature of the Americas. Additional interest 
in gender studies also desirable. Ph.D. in English or other appropriate field 
required; publications desirable. Position involves teaching historical surveys 
and developing upper-division and graduate courses in the area(s) of 
specialization, as well as contributing to new interdisciplinary initiatives 
on campus. 3-course load per semester; salary competitive. Selected candidates 
will be invited to visit the city and the university, both of which 
have faced challenges in the aftermath of Katrina but which are now well 
on the road to recovery. Many of the city’s most beautiful neighborhoods 
were largely untouched by the storm and remain safe, stable communities. 
The levees have been rebuilt and new hurricane protection measures 



have been implemented. New Orleans continues to be a culturally unique 
and stimulating environment that provides myriad research opportunities 
for a scholar interested in African-American, hemispheric, or local literary 
cultures. The UNO campus suffered only moderate damage; university 
enrollment is stable, new funding from the state is now available, and 
many departments have been encouraged to hire new faculty and develop 
new programs. The English Department will participate in interdisciplinary 
initiatives on campus and see ks a candidate eager to help us grow 
as a department and university. Will interview at MLA December 2007; 
women and minorities especially encouraged to apply. Send letter and CV 
by November 2 to Peter Schock, Chair, Department of English, University 
of New Orleans, New Orleans, LA 70148. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Xavier U of Louisiana 

English, 1 Drexel Dr New Orleans LA 70125 

Asst., Assoc. or Prof. of English 603 

http://www.
xula.edu 

The English Department at Xavier University of Louisiana, a liberal arts, 
Catholic, Historically Black University, invites applications for a tenuretrack 
faculty position beginning August 2008 with a specialty in English 
Renaissance literature. Application deadline: November 15, 2007. Application 
deadline for interviews at the SCMLA Conference is Oct. 15. 
Requirements: PhD in English or comparative literature, with a concentration 
in English Renaissance, and scholarship in that area. Send letter, 
curriculum vita, and statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. David 
Lanoue, at dlanoue@xula.edu. AA/EOE. 
http://www.
xula.edu [R] 

Maine 

Bates C 

English, 305 College St Lewiston ME 04240 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 488 

http://www.
bates.edu/faculty-
positions-available.xml 

The Bates College Department of English invites applications for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor position in American Literature with an 
expertise in American Cultural Studies. The candidate will be a member 
of the English Department, but will at times teach the introductory 
and capstone courses in American Cultural Studies. Please see the online 
description of this program (http://www.
bates.edu/ACS.
xml). Any field 
of specialization is welcome, but particularly race and/or 
gender analysis, 
Native American Literature, and multi-ethnic literatures. An ability 
to teach fiction-writing would also be welcome. Responsibilities include 
survey courses in American literature before and after 1900, and advising 
senior theses. The teaching load is five courses per year, one of which may 
be in the five-week Short Term in May. Interviews at the MLA convention 
in Chicago. PhD preferred, ABD considered. 

Review of applications will begin November 1. Please send a letter of application, 
c.v., writing sample, syllabi from courses taught, transcripts, and 
3 letters of recommendation to: American Literature Search Committee 
R2226, c/o 
Office of Academic Services, Bates College, 2 Andrews Rd, 
7 Lane Hall, Lewiston, ME 04240 

Bates College values a diverse college community and seeks to assure 
Equal Opportunity through a continuing and effective Affirmative Action 
program. 

Colby C 

English, Waterville ME 04901 

Assistant Professor of Film and Literature 863 

http://www.
colby.edu 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position in Film and Literature 
at the level of assistant professor. The Ph.D. degree is required by 
August 2008. Teaching responsibilities include first-year writing, introduction 
to film, and introduction to theory, as well as courses in the candidate’s 
area of specialization, such as gender and/or 
sexuality studies and 
film, history of world cinema or national cinema and literature, a film 
genre and literature, British and American contemporary literature and 
film. Demonstrated excellence in teaching is required. Interviews will be 
conducted at the MLA meeting in Chicago, IL, December 27–30, 2007. 
Please send letter of application, C.V., statements of teaching and scholarly 
interests, evidence of teaching accomplishment, and three letters of 
reference to Professor Phyllis Mannocchi, Chair, English Department, 
Colby College, Waterville, ME 04901. Colby is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
committed to excell ence through diversity, 
and strongly encourages applications and nominations of persons of 
color, women, and members of other under-represented groups. For more 
information 
about the College, please visit the Colby web site: www 
.colby.edu [R] 

U of Maine, Farmington 

Humanities, 270 Main St Farmington ME 04938 

Assistant Professor of English 644 

http://www.
umf.maine.edu 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position in early American literature 
(to 1800), with additional competence in nineteenth-century 
American literature. We especially welcome candidates with a multidisciplinary 
approach, such as transatlantic studies, environmental studies or 
ecocriticism, gender studies, or ethnic studies. Teaching load three-three, 
with one section of English Composition or Literary Analysis each semester 
and one section of American Texts and Contexts each year. The 
remaining courses will be intermediate or advanced literature courses; the 
successful candidate will have the opportunity to design and offer new 
courses in early American literature and other areas of interest. Required: 
PhD (ABD considered) with evidence of excellence in college teaching 
and an active research agenda. Send letter, vita, and at least three letters of 
recommendation to Daniel P. Gunn, Chair, American Literature Search 
Committee, Department of Humanities, 270 Ma in Street, University of 
Maine at Farmington, Farmington, ME 04938. Tel.: (207) 778-7422. Email: 
dpgunn@maine.edu. Review of applications begins November 1. 
Joint applications for a shared position are welcome. Founded in 1864, 
UMF is an undergraduate public liberal arts college with an enrollment 
cap of 2000 students. It has been rated one of Americas Best Colleges for 
eleven consecutive years (U.S. News & World Report). To learn more, 
please visit www.umf.maine.edu. AA/EEO 
employer. 
[R] 

Maryland 

Loyola C 

English, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 652 

http://www.
loyola.edu/careers 


One tenure-track position for an Assistant Professor specializing in African 
American Literature, Ph.D. in hand, is available Fall 2008. Faculty 
responsibilities include teaching three classes each semester, with no composition. 
Salary is competitive. 

For more information, and to apply, please go to http://www.
loyola.edu/ 
careers 
and attach a letter of application and curriculum vita at the appropriate 
prompt. Application deadline: October 22, 2007. 

Loyola College in Maryland is a Jesuit, Catholic institution that welcomes 
applicants from all backgrounds who can contribute to the College’s 
unique educational mission. Loyola is an equal opportunity employer. 




Loyola C 

English, 4501 N Charles St Baltimore MD 21210 

Visiting Professorship: THE JEROME S. CARDIN CHAIR IN THE 
HUMANTIES 974 

On behalf of the Center for the Humanities, the Department of English 
invites applications for the Jerome S. Cardin Chair in the Humanities, a 
one or two semester visiting appointment. Endowed to foster an appreciation 
of the Judeo-Christian tradition across the Humanities, the Chair is 
to be filled by an accomplished scholar in English or American literature 
during the 2008–2009 academic year. Responsibilities include teaching 
one undergraduate course in the English Department, conducting a faculty 
seminar, and lecturing to the College and larger community. Salary 
is competitive and will be discussed with candidates on an individual 
basis. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Loyola College in Maryland is a Jesuit, Catholic institution that welcomes 
applicants from all backgrounds who can contribute to the College’s 
unique educational mission. We are located near major research facilities 
in Maryland and the District of Columbia. For more information about 
the position, and to apply, please go to http://www.
loyola.edu/careers 
to 
complete the online application. Electronically submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vita at the appropriate prompt. The deadline for application 
is November 30, 2007. 

Saint Mary’s C of Maryland 

English, 18952 E Fisher Rd St Mary’s City MD 20686 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Creative Writing 983 

http://www.
smcm.edu 

Seeking tenure-track professor of Creative Writing, PhD or MFA, to 
begin August 2008 (pending final administrative approval). The successful 
candidate will join a department in which creative writing and literary 
analysis are unusually well integrated, with many colleagues who publish 
and teach in both fields. He or she will be encouraged to participate in the 
departmental development of creative writing activities, in what is already 
a vibrant and rich campus writing community. Teaching responsibilities 
of three classes per semester, among them creative writing at all curricular 
levels; while we welcome candidates who are themselves poets, novelists, 
dramatists, or essayists, we would prefer a candidate who can comfortably 
teach in at least two genres. All faculty share in some way in the teaching 
of the Core Curriculum, which includes literature and expository writing 
classes, as well as first-year seminars and independent year-long senior 
theses. St. Mary’s College o f Maryland is Maryland’s designated public 
honors college for the liberal arts, and candidates must be committed to 
providing a liberal arts education within a small college setting. St. Mary’s 
faculty benefit from a comprehensive program of support for scholarship, 
research, travel, curriculum development, and sabbaticals for pre-tenure 
and tenured faculty. To apply, please submit a cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, writing sample of no more than 15 pages, and at least three letters 
of recommendation to Ruth Feingold, Chair. Applications postmarked 
by 15 October will receive priority. SMCM is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Towson MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of African-American Literature 168 

http://www.
towson.edu/english/ 


Tenure-track appointment starting August 2008. African-American Literature 
specialist; secondary expertise in Post-Colonial Literature is a 
plus. Candidates must possess a demonstrated commitment to teaching 
and evidence of a promising research agenda. Three-course load each semester 
for initial three-year appointment; load afterwards dependent upon 
scholarly productivity. Ph.D. in appropriate discipline must be conferred 
by time of appointment. Send cover letter and curriculum vitae to Professor 
Edwin Duncan, Chair, English Department, Towson University, 
8000 York Rd., Towson, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 15 November 2007. 
Towson University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong institutional commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, 
persons with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor, Twentieth-­Century British Literature, with strength in 
Modernism 126 

http://www.
umd.edu 

Starting Fall 2008; tenure-track appointment. Salary competitive and 
dependent upon qualifications. PhD required; publications and teaching 
experience preferred. For best consideration, please send letter of application 
and c.v., by November 1, 2007, to Kent Cartwright, Chair, Department 
of English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall, University of Maryland, 
College Park, MD 20742-8815. Appointment contingent upon funding. 
The University of Maryland is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Maryland Baltimore County 

English, 1000 Hilltop Cir, Fine Arts 449 Baltimore MD 21250 

Assistant Professor 645 

http://www.
umbc.edu 

Assistant Professor, tenure track, in Medieval Literature and Culture, with 
ability to teach history of the English Language. The successful candidate 
will have Ph.D in hand by August 2008, an active research agenda, and 
an excellent record in teaching. Teaching Assignment is 2/3 
with possibility 
of participating in a variety of interdisciplinary programs at both 
undergraduate and graduate levels. UMBC is a dynamic public research 
university located in the Baltimore-Washington corridor. The English 
Department offers two Major tracks, one in Literature and one in Communication 
and Technology. Please send letter and vita to Raphael Falco, 
Chair of the Search Committee, at University of Maryland at Baltimore 
County English Department, Fine Arts Building, 1000 Hilltop Circle 
Baltimore, Maryland 21250, by November 1, 2007. UMBC is an equal 
opportunity employer 
and encourages applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 

U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor, African-American and/or 
African Diaspora 
literature 125 

http://www.
umd.edu 

Starting Fall 2008; tenure-track appointment. Salary competitive and 
dependent upon qualifications. PhD required; publications and teaching 
experience preferred. For best consideration, please send letter of application 
and c.v., by November 1, 2007, to Kent Cartwright, Chair, Department 
of English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall, University of Maryland, 
College Park, MD 20742-8815. Appointment contingent upon funding. 
The University of Maryland is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 



Massach usetts 

Boston C 

African & African Diaspora Studies, 140 Commonwealth Av, 301 
Lyons Hall Chestnut Hill MA 02467 

Two Open Rank Professorships in African & African Diaspora Studies 199 

http://www.
bc.edu/schools/
cas/aads/ 


Boston Colleges African & African Diaspora Studies Program (AADS) 
invites nominations and applications for two open rank, open field positions 
with a cooperating department to begin September 2008. Successful 
candidates will have a Ph.D. or the equivalent, an active research profile, 
and demonstrated excellence in teaching. AADS is undergoing a major 
revitalization, and the successful candidate will join colleagues building 
a vibrant intellectual community. A cover letter, curriculum vitae, writing 
sample of no more than 30 pages, and a list of 3 referees should be 
sent to Director, African & African Diaspora Studies, Boston College, 
140 Commonwealth Avenue, Lyons Hall 301, Chestnut Hill, MA 02467. 
Electronic applications and all inquiries should be sent to aads_search@ 
bc.edu. Review of applications will begin on October 31 and continue 
until the positions are filled. Boston College is an affirmative action, equal 
opportunity employer, 
and we strongly encourage appli cations from 
women, and historically underrepresented groups. [R] 

Boston U 

English, 236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of English 784 

http://www.
bu.edu/english 


The Department is seeking to fill a position starting in September, 2008, 
pending budgetary approval, in British literature before 1700 or before 
1800. We shall be especially interested in candidates with sufficient background 
to teach classics in translation as well as Medieval or Renaissance 
literature. The successful candidate can expect to teach the first half of 
a two-term survey course in British literature, as well as upper-division 
courses in early British literature and one course each year for the Core 
Curriculum. Send letter, CV, and a 2-page description of dissertation or 
major publications by November 1, 2007 to Professor Christopher Martin, 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 236 Bay State 
Road, Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Brandeis U 

English & Amer Lit, PO Box 549110, 415 South St Waltham MA 02454 

Assistant Professor specializing in 20th-­Century literature of the 
British Isles 225 

http://www.
brandeis.edu/departments/
english/ 

The Department of English at Brandeis University seeks to appoint a tenure-
track Assistant Professor specializing in 20th-Century 
literature of 
the British Isles, beginning Fall 2008. It is expected that the successful 
candidate will have received the PhD by September 2008 and will demonstrate 
excellence as both a scholar and a teacher. We plan to interview 
at the MLA Convention in December. Please send cover letter, c.v., and 
three letters of recommendation to Prof. John Burt, Search Committee 
Chair, Department of English—MS 023, Brandeis University, Waltham, 
MA 02454-9110. First consideration will be given to applications received 
by Thursday, November 1, 2007. Brandeis University is an equal opportunity 
employer, 
committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual 
community, and strongly encourages applications from women and 
minorities. [R] 

Gordon C 

English, 255 Grapevine Rd Wenham MA 01984 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English literature 584 

http://www.
gordon.edu 

Gordon Colleges English Department seeks applicants with a specialization 
in Victorian literature for a tenure-track position at the Assistant or 
Associate Professor level. Secondary interests in literary criticism, postcolonial 
literature, or composition studies will be appreciated. Candidates 
must have a Ph.D. in hand by August 2008. 

The successful candidate is expected to embrace the mission of integrating 
faith and learning and be willing to teach core curriculum, British literature 
surveys, and upper-division courses, with a 3/3 
load. Candidates 
should demonstrate potential for excellence in teaching and scholarship 
and be enthusiastically committed to teaching undergraduates at a college 
committed to historic evangelical Christianity. Other responsibilities include 
committee service, mentoring and advising students and participating 
in scholarly, departmental, and college activities. 

Gordon College is a member of the elite Annapolis Group, a consortium 
of the nation’s leading liberal arts institutions and among the premiere 
Christian liberal arts colleges in the country. Gordon offers excellent 
academics, a strong sense of community and an atmosphere of open intellectual 
inquiry and personal responsibility within the framework of 
Christian faith. Gordon College is located in a classic New England town 
on Bostons North Shore. 

Please submit letter of application, vita with references, sample of academic 
writing, and a two-page statement of Christian commitment and 
its implications for scholarship and teaching via U.S mail to Dr. Kina 
Mallard, Academic Dean, Gordon College, 255 Grapevine Road, Wenham, 
MA 01984. A pplications must be postmarked by November 15th. 
We plan to interview at the MLA Convention in Chicago. For more information 
visit our web page at www.gordon.edu. 

Harvard U 

English & Amer Lit & Lang, 12 Quincy St Cambridge MA 02138 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English and American Literature and 
Language 640 

Harvard University. The Department of English and American Literature 
and Language seeks to appoint a tenure-track assistant or tenure-track associate 
professor in Renaissance and Early Modern British literature. 

A strong doctoral record is required. A convincing record of publication 
and teaching is desirable. Finalists will be expected to submit in December 
the entire dissertation or as much of it as is completed (or, alternatively, 
a book-length publication). 

Appointment to begin July 1, 2008. Successful candidate will be expected 
to teach four courses per year at the undergraduate and graduate level. 

Send cover letter, CV, 1–2 page abstract of dissertation, dossier and article-
length writing sample (25-
30 pages), all postmarked no later than 
October 29, 2007, to “Junior Search Committee,” c/o 
Leo Damrosch, 
Chair, Department of English and American Literature and Language, 
Harvard University, Barker Center 12 
Quincy Street, Cambridge MA 
02138. Late applications will not be considered. Complete applications 
will be acknowledged by postcard once all materials have been received. 
Harvard is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
opportunity Employer. 
Applications 
from women and minorities are strongly encouraged. [R] 

Harvard U 

Expository Writing, 8 Prescott St Cambridge MA 02138 

Preceptor in Expository Writing 744 

http://www.
fas.harvard.edu/~expos/job.
html 

The Expository Writing Program at Harvard University hires several 
preceptors each year from a variety of disciplines. Each preceptor designs 



a writing course on an academic topic, and teaches two sections per semester 
of fifteen students per section. Salary and benefits are competitive. 
Contracts are for one year, renewable for five years. Preference will be 
given to candidates who have college teaching experience and demonstrate 
a lively interest in issues of pedagogy. 

Please send a CV and a cover letter describing your approach to teaching 
academic writing and your relevant experience. Applications are due 
November 9th, addressed to Hiring Committee, Expository Writing 
Program, 8 Prescott Street, Cambridge, MA 02138. Applications will not 
be accepted via email or facsimile. 

Screening interviews will be held at MLA, and on campus. Harvard 
University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
The 
University and Program have a strong commitment to diversity among 
faculty and staff, and we encourage applications from under-represented 
groups. [R] 

Salem SC 

English, 352 Lafayette St, 216 Meier Hall Salem MA 01970 

English Literature-Tenure Track 899 

http://jobs.
salemstate.edu 

English Literature-Tenure Track 

English Literature-Rank Open, Tenure-Track. The English Department 
is seeking to fill a tenure-track faculty position for 2008–2009 to teach 
Dramatic Literature. Subject to available funding. 

Required qualifications: A Doctorate in English or related field, and ability 
to teach surveys of Western and non-Western drama; composition 
courses; and, surveys in British, World, and pre-Enlightenment European 
literature to fill out a 4/4 
teaching load. ABD with defense scheduled by 
March 30, 2008 will be considered. Preferred qualifications: Additional 
qualifications could include knowledge of theatre history, theory & criticism 
and an ability to work with Theatre faculty as dramaturg. 

We also prefer candidates with experience in and commitment to teaching 
in a multiracial, multiethnic environment with students of diverse backgrounds 
and learning styles, as well as in distance learning and instructional 
technologies, and candidates who e njoy serving as role models and 
mentors for a diverse student body. The salary is competitive and commensurate 
with education and experience. Application review will begin 
in the Fall of 2007 and continue until an adequate pool is developed. 

Application Process: To apply, complete an application on-line at https:// 
jobs.salemstate.edu (search by department) attach your resume and cover 
letter, send in the appropriate transcripts and three letters reference to: 
Office of Human Resources & Equal Opportunity. 

SALEM STATE COLLEGE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/ 
AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTIONEMPLOYER. 
PERSONS OF COLOR, 
WOMEN AND PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES ARE STRONGLY 
URGED TO APPLY. 

Salem SC 

English, 352 Lafayette St, 216 Meier Hall Salem MA 01970 

English (Professional Writing)-Tenure Track 977 

http://jobs.
salemstate.edu 

English (Professional Writing), Rank Open, Tenure-Track. Required 
qualifications: either the MFA in Creative Writing or the Ph.D. in English 
with a relevant specialization; evidence of successful teaching experience 
in courses that emphasize Publishing, New Media, Literary Journalism, 
Editing, Technical Writing, Writing in Organizations, as well as Composition. 
Preferred qualifications: additional qualifications could include 
experience in a profit or non-profit business or publishing environment 
with responsibility for content creation; knowledge of theory and practice 
for the creation of online and print media. 

We also prefer candidates with experience in and commitment to teaching 
in a multiracial, multiethnic environment with students of diverse backgrounds 
and learning styles, as well as in distance learning and instructional 
technologies, and candidates who enjoy serving as role models and 
mentors for a diverse student body. The salary is competitive and commensu 
rate with education and experience. Application review will begin 
in the Fall of 2007 and continue until an adequate pool is developed. 

Application Process: To apply, complete an application on-line at https:// 
jobs.salemstate.edu (search by department) attach your resume and cover 
letter, send in the appropriate transcripts and three letters reference to: 
Office of Human Resources & Equal Opportunity. 

SALEM STATE COLLEGE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/ 
AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTIONEMPLOYER. 
PERSONS OF COLOR, 
WOMEN AND PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES ARE STRONGLY 
URGED TO APPLY. 

Springfield C 

Humanities, 263 Alden St Springfield MA 01109 

Assistant Professor of English 447 

http://www.
spfldcol.edu 

Springfield College seeks applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor 
of English position in the Humanities Department. Applicants with a 
Ph.D. (or ABD) in English are invited to apply. The College is seeking a 
candidate who has proven expertise in the teaching of composition, and 
who is a generalist. Areas of specialization could include Asian American, 
African American, Native American, Hispanic, and Postcolonial literature. 
The normal teaching load is four courses per semester. In addition 
to a strong record of professional experience, the candidate must demonstrate 
a commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching. 

Initial review of applications will begin November 1, 2007. The appointment 
is scheduled to begin on August 28, 2008. Applicants should send a 
letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and the names of contact information 
for 3–5 professional references to: Dr. Mary Healey, Dean of the School 
of Arts/Sciences 
and Professional Studies, Springfield College, 263 Alden 
Street, Springfield, MA 01109. [R] 

Tufts U 

English, East Hall 210 Medford MA 02155 

20th Century American Literature, Assistant Professor 264 

http://ase.
tufts.edu/english/ 


Twentieth-century 
American Literature, Assistant Professor. Tenuretrack. 


PhD must be awarded by July 1, 2008. Candidates must be able to teach 
graduate and undergraduate level courses in the field. Preference given 
to candidates with secondary strength in Asian American literature, cultural 
theory, or visual/performance 
studies. Candidates must demonstrate 
significant research potential; strong teaching record preferred. Review 
of applications begins November 1, 2007 and continues until position is 
filled. Preliminary interviews will take place at the MLA convention in 
Chicago. Send letter, CV, letters of recommendation and writing sample 
to Lee Edelman, Chair, Department of English, Tufts University, Medford, 
MA 02155. Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
We are committed to increasing the diversity of our 
faculty. Members of under represented groups are strongly encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Williams C 

English, 26 Hopkins Hall Dr, Stetson Hall Williamstown MA 01267 

Assistant Professor of English 272 

http://www.
williams.edu/English/ 


We anticipate one tenure-track position in African-American Literature, 
beginning July 2008, at the Assistant Professor level. Senior appointments 
will be considered in exceptional circumstances. Additional interests in 
American Studies, Black Atlantic, and Afro-Caribbean literature would 
be welcome. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in hand by September 2008 



or be completing their dissertation, and should be prepared to teach a 
range of introductory courses as well as courses in their specialties. 

Send application letter, vita, dossier or recommendations, and writing 
sample of 25pp or less (by November 15, all in hard copy) to Peter Murphy, 
Chair, English Department, Stetson Hall, Williams College, Williamstown, 
MA 01267. Please include a list of courses taken in graduate 
school. An aff irmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
Williams 
is committed to diversity and welcomes applications from historically 
under-represented groups. [R] 

Mich iga n 

Alma C 

English, 614 W Superior Alma MI 48801 

Assistant Professor of English 883 

http://alma.
edu 

Tenure-track appointment beginning fall 2008. We seek a generalist 
committed to college teaching with a primary focus in British literature 
before 1800 with teaching experience in one or more of the following 
areas: Shakespeare, Renaissance, Medieval. 

Position requires a PhD and sincere interest in teaching in an undergraduate 
liberal-arts environment that emphasizes close faculty-student 
interaction. Six courses per year; department members teach at least one 
composition course per year and a variety of introductory and survey 
courses. The ideal candidate will bring disciplinary expertise, eagerness 
to promote critical thinking and writing through innovative pedagogy, 
and commitment to exploring educational technology. 

Alma College is a selective Phi Beta Kappa liberal-arts institution located 
in central Michigan. 

The College is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty 
and student body. 

Send letter of application and vita by November 1 to William Palmer and 
Carol Bender, Co-Chairs, Department of English, Alma College, 614 W 
Superior, Alma, MI 48801. [R] 

Aquinas C 

English, 1607 Robinson Rd SE Grand Rapids MI 49506 

Assistant Professor of English 555 

http://www.
aquinas.edu/english 


Aquinas College, a four-year Catholic liberal arts college, has a tenure 
track opening for a writing specialist to direct the freshman Inquiry and 
Expression program and teach courses in the English department. Candidate 
must have Ph. D. in rhetoric and composition, relevant experience. 
Position commences August, 2008. Candidate should have Ph. D. in hand 
by Fall 2008. Applicants should visit website at www.aquinas.edu/english 
for further information. Submit letter of application, CV, statement of 
teaching philosophy, and proofs of teaching excellence to Gary Eberle, 
Chairperson, English Department, Aquinas College, 1607 Robinson Rd. 
SE, Grand Rapids MI 49506. Deadline: applications must received by 
November 2, 2007. Express not required. Aquinas College is an equal opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing: Poetry 501 

http://www.
chsbs.cmich.edu/English/ 


Two tenure-track positions as Assistant Professor of English, beginning 
Fall 2008. Course load is 3/3 
per semester. Ph.D. or M.F.A. in English, 
Creative Writing, or related field is required. Significant creative publication 
and the expertise and ability to teach graduate and undergraduate 
courses in creative writing, contemporary literature and composition 
are required. Additional expertise in playwriting, screenwriting, creative 
nonfiction, or non-western literature desirable. Demonstrated evidence of 
effective teaching and an active research/writing 
program are required. 
Send application, curriculum vitae, copies of transcripts, writing sample 
of at least twenty pages, and letters of reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, 
Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, Central Michigan 
University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening of applications will 
begin on October 26, 2007 and continue until filled. CMU is a doctoral/ 
research 
university with opportunities fo r leadership and involvement for 
its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented groups are encouraged 
to apply. CMU, an AA/EO 
institution, strongly and actively strives to increase 
diversity within its community (see www.cmich.edu/aaeo/). 
[R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition/Basic 
Writing 503 

http://www.
chsbs.cmich.edu/English/ 


Tenure-track position as Assistant or Associate Professor of English beginning 
Fall 2008. Course load is 3/3 
per semester with a one-course release 
each semester for administrative duties. This position requires a Ph.D. in 
English or related field by August 2008, as well as the expertise and ability 
to teach graduate and undergraduate courses in Composition & Rhetoric 
and Basic Writing. Demonstrated evidence of effective teaching and an 
active research program are required. Basic Writing administrative experience 
and Writing Center theory/practice 
are preferred. Other specialties 
may include history of rhetoric, critical pedagogies, technical & professional 
communication, or critical & cultural theory. Send application, 
curriculum vita, writing sample, copies of transcripts, and letters of reference 
to Dr. Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English Language and 
Literature, Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859. Screening 
of applications will begin on October 26, 2007 and continue until 
filled. CMU is a doctoral/research 
university with opportunities for leadership 
and involvement for its entire faculty. Members from underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. CMU, an AA/EO 
institution, 
strongly and actively strives to increase diversity within its community 
(see www.cmich.edu/aaeo/). 
[R] 

Grand Valley SU 

Writing, 1 Campus Drive 326 Lake Ontario Hall Allendale MI 49401 

Assistant Professor of Writing. 30 

http://www.
gvsu.edu/writing 


The Department of Writing at Grand Valley State University is seeking to 
fill a tenure-track position beginning August, 2008. A Ph.D. in English, 
Professional or Technical Communication, Rhetoric/Composition, 
or 
Writing is required for appointment at the assistant level. The typical 
teaching load is 3 courses per semester and may include first-year composition 
and a range of courses in our curriculum, including courses in style 
and professional writing. Candidates are required to have expertise in one 
or more of the following areas: professional and technical communication, 
business/workplace 
communication, digital rhetoric, visual rhetoric, 
or composition studies. In addition, study or experience in one or more of 
the following areas is desirable: genre study, style, program development 
and administration, and WID. Please see our website for details about our 
curriculum and the range of writing courses we offer, excluding those in 
creative writing. All candidates shoul d have a promising record of teaching, 
publication, and service in a university setting. Apply online at http:// 
www.
gvsujobs.org. Include CV and cover letter addressed to Professor 
Dan Royer. The online application system will allow you to attach these 
documents electronically. If you need assistance or have questions, call 
Human Resources at 616-331-2215. Review of applications will begin 
November 5, 2007, and the position will remain open until filled. We 
will interview candidates in Chicago, IL during the MLA convention. 
GVSU is an EO/AA 
institution. 



Grand Valley SU 

Writing, 1 Campus Drive 326 Lake Ontario Hall Allendale MI 49401 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 194 

http://www.
gvsu.edu/writing 


The Department of Writing at Grand Valley State University is seeking 
to fill a tenure-track position beginning August, 2008. A Ph.D. or MFA 
in creative writing is required for appointment at the assistant level. The 
typical teaching load is 3 courses per semester and may include first-year 
composition and a range of courses in our curriculum, creative writing in 
particular. Candidates are required to have expertise and significant publication 
in one or more of the following areas: drama, fiction, creative 
nonfiction, or poetry. In addition, interest or experience in one or more 
of the following areas is desirable: playwriting, genre study, style, editing, 
publishing, literary journals, or program development. Please see our 
website for details about our curriculum and the range of writing courses 
we offer, excluding those in professional and technical writing. All candidates 
should have a promising record of teaching, publication, and service 
in a university setting. A pply online at http://www.
gvsujobs.org. Include 
CV and cover letter addressed to Professor Dan Royer. The online application 
system will allow you to attach these documents electronically. If 
you need assistance or have questions, call Human Resources at 616-331- 
2215. Review of applications will begin November 5, 2007, and the position 
will remain open until filled. The position is contingent on available 
funding. We will interview candidates in Chicago, IL during the MLA 
convention. GVSU is an EO/AA 
institution. 

Hope C 

English, PO Box 9000 Holland MI 49422 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Creative Writing 814 

http://www.
hope.edu 

Tenure track. M.F.A. or Ph.D. in Creative Writing. We seek a writer/ 
teacher 
to contribute to a thriving writing program within the Department 
of English. Understanding of undergraduate creative writing in the 
context of liberal education essential; teaching experience and publications 
in poetry, fiction, literary nonfiction, or other genres expected. We 
welcome candidates who will enhance the cultural and experiential diversity 
of the department. Ability to contribute to Women’s Studies or 
Ethnic Studies highly desirable. Course load: 3–3; assignments will include 
first-year composition and other general education courses. 

Hope College places a high priority on having a diverse faculty and staff 
to help prepare students for lives in our multi-cultural nation and global 
community. Applications from persons with diverse backgrounds and 
cultures, including women and persons of color, are, therefore, especially 
welcomed. Hope College complies with federal and state requirements for 
nondiscrimination in employment. 

Hope College is a Christian, coeducational, residential, liberal arts undergraduate 
college affiliated with the Reformed Church in America. 

To be considered for MLA interview, send letter and c.v. by November 
30, to David Klooster, Chair, Department of English. [R] 

Hope C 

English, PO Box 9000 Holland MI 49422 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Global Literatures in English 817 

http://www.
hope.edu 

Tenure track. Ph.D., teaching experience, and scholarly potential required. 
We seek a colleague with expertise in African, Asian, or Caribbean literatures 
in English, ability to teach World Literature, and a commitment to 
undergraduate liberal education. We welcome candidates who will enhance 
the cultural and experiential diversity of the department. Ability 
to contribute to Ethnic Studies, International Studies, or Women’s Studies 
highly desirable. Course load: 3–3; assignments will include first-year 
composition and other general education courses. 

Hope College places a high priority on having a diverse faculty and staff 
to help prepare students for lives in our multi-cultural nation and global 
community. Applications from persons with diverse backgrounds and 
cultures, including women and persons of color, are, therefore, especially 
welcomed. Hope College complies with federal and state requirements for 
nondiscrimination in employment. 

Hope College is a Christian, coeducational, residential, liberal arts undergraduate 
college affiliated with the Reformed Church in America. 

To be considered for MLA interview, send letter and c.v. by November 
30, to David Klooster, Chair, Department of English. [R] 

Lawrence Tech U 

Humanities, 21000 W Ten Mile Rd Southfield MI 48075 

Assistant Professor of English 631 

http://www.
ltu.edu/arts_
sciences/humanities_ss_comm/undergra 


Lawrence Technological University, the Detroit Metropolitan Region’s 
premiere private university, is seeking an assistant professor in any area 
of English and American literature, with a secondary concentration in 
creative writing and/or 
technical writing, to teach in a new, innovative 
English program that combines creative writing, literature, and technology. 
The successful candidate will have the opportunity to teach a wide 
range of courses including a great books sequence in a core curriculum 
to majors and non-majors, composition, creative writing, and upper-level 
courses in the candidate’s area of expertise. Experience with technology a 
plus. Ph.D. in literature required. 4/4 
load with some administrative duties. 
Candidates must show potential for scholarship and interest in guiding 
undergraduate research. Publications in creative writing or technical 
writing a plus. Please send CV and three letters of recommendation to 
Dr. Melinda Weinstein, Associate Professor, Hu manities, College of Arts 
and Sciences, 21000 West Ten Mile Road, Southfield, MI 48075-1058. 
Deadline: December 15, 2007. We will be interviewing at the MLA conference 
in Chicago. [R] 

Michigan Tech U 

Humanities, 1400 Townsend Dr Houghton MI 49931 

Assistant Professor of Emergent Media 94 

http://www.
hu.mtu.edu/ 

The Humanities Department of Michigan Technological University invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professor who can teach and 
conduct scholarly work in media production and design with a critical 
and interdisciplinary emphasis in some set of the following areas (listed 
alphabetically): advanced web development, cmc, content management, 
database design and management, information architecture, information 
visualization, knowledge management, networked communication environments, 
videogame development. 

Duties and responsibilities include teaching and helping develop courses 
in our undergraduate and graduate programs, so the ideal candidate is 
prepared to work across disciplines as a teacher-scholar. We have undergraduate 
programs in Scientif ic and Technical Communication, 
Communication 
and Culture Studies, English Education, and Liberal 
Arts, and a graduate program in Rhetoric and Technical Communication. 
PhD required. 

Send a letter of application, curriculum vita, and three recommendation 
letters to: Robert R. Johnson, Chair, Department of Humanities, 
Michigan 
Technological University, 1400 Townsend Drive, Houghton, 
MI 49931 

Inquiries are welcome to Bob Johnson at rrjohnso@mtu.edu. 

Review of applications will begin October 22, 2007 and the position will 
remain open until filled. 

Michigan Technological University is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action Employer/
educational 
institution. Applications from women and 
minorities are encouraged. [R] 



Saginaw Valley SU 

English, 7400 Bay Rd University Center MI 48710 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: English Education 546 

http://www.
jobs.svsu.edu 

Job Summary: Assistant or Associate Professor of English, emphasis in 
English Education. Primary assignment in courses for pre-service K-12 
teachers in English education. Additional teaching, depending on candidate’s 
background, also likely in other areas—e.g., composition or general 
education literature. 

Required qualifications: Expertise and research interest in the theory and 
methods of teaching English in K-12 environments. ABD or PhD in English 
education or closely related field. A minimum of three years of K-12 
classroom teaching experience. 

Preferred Qualifications: College teaching experience. Experience with 
both elementary and secondary English classroom practice. Experience 
with diverse student populations. 

Additional Information: Tenure-track position beginning Fall 2008; 4/4 
load teaching load. Rank commensurate with education and experience. 

For more information about SVSU please visit our website at www.svsu 
.edu . For further information an d to apply for this position please visit 
www.jobs.svsu.edu. Interested individuals must apply online at www 
.jobs.svsu.edu. SVSU is an EO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

Saginaw Valley SU 

English, 7400 Bay Rd University Center MI 48710 

Assistant Professor of English: Pre-1660 British literature 541 

http://www.
jobs.svsu.edu 

Job Summary: Assistant Professor of English, with preparation in pre-1660 
British literature including Shakespeare. Teaching assignment will include 
general education literature courses, introductory literature courses for 
students majoring and minoring in English, and upper-division courses 
in pre-1660 British literature and Shakespeare. Courses in some area of 
composition are also possible. 

Required: Ph.D. in pre-1660 British literature (completed by September 
2008), expertise in Renaissance literature including Shakespeare, 
teaching experience, an active research agenda, and an interest in university 
service. 

Additional information: Tenure-track position beginning Fall 2008; 4/4 
teaching load. 

For more information about SVSU please visit our website at www.svsu 
.edu. For further information and to apply for this position please visit 
www.jobs.svsu.edu. Interested individuals must apply online at www 
.jobs.svsu.edu. SVSU is an EO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Assistant, advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of Creative Writing 
(Poetry) 64 

http://www.
umich.edu/English 


Creative Writing (poetry), starting date September 2008, university-year 
appointment, pending approval. 

The Department of English invites applications for a poet to join the MFA 
faculty at the level of Assistant Professor, advanced Assistant, or new Associate. 
We are looking for a colleague of distinction, although not necessarily 
seniority. Candidates should have a strong record of publication (a 
minimum of one book published or in press, two books preferred) and 
a history of excellence in teaching. As a member of our department, the 
candidate will teach graduate and undergraduate poetry workshops and 
other courses reflecting his/her 
interests and departmental needs. Members 
of the MFA Program share administrative duties on a rotational basis, 
so evidence of administrative talent and experience and a willingness to 
serve will augment an otherwise strong application. Send letter of application, 
c.v., writing sample (no more than 15 pages; published material 
only), a nd evidence of teaching excellence to Professor Sidonie Smith, 
Chair, Dept of English Language and Literature, University of Michigan, 
3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, Attention: Recruitment 
Coordinator. Review of applications will begin Sept. 31 and continue 
until the position is f illed. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. The University of Michigan is a nondiscriminatory affirmative-action 
employer 
and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples. All 
applications will be acknowledged. 

U of Michigan 

Sweetland Writing Center, 435 S.State St., 1139 Angell Hall Ann Arbor 
MI 48109 

Lecturer III 986 

http://www.
lsa.umich.edu/swc 


The Sweetland Writing Center at the University of Michigan seeks applicants 
with a Ph.D. for an open Lecturer III position to begin September 1, 
2008. This is a renewable non-tenure track position which we expect to 
offer for three years. Full-time load is three courses per semester or the 
equivalent in other duties. Duties are expected to include teaching from 
first-year undergraduate through graduate pedagogy (including first-year 
writing courses, upper-level peer tutoring seminars, and graduate level 
training courses on Teaching Writing Across the Disciplines); working 
one-on-one with undergraduate and graduate students in Writing Workshop; 
conducting outreach to new faculty teaching writing across the 
College; and serving on departmental committees, such as hiring, advisory 
board, and conference committees. Candidates should have extensive 
background in composition and rhetoric. Experience in the areas of basic 
writing and the transition from high school to college, as well as in computer-
mediated instruction and technology is desirable. Terms and conditions 
of employment for this position may be subject to the provisions of 
a Collective Bargaining Agreement between the University of Michigan 
and the Lecturers Employee Organization. The University of Michigan is 
an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

To apply, send a letter of application, current CV, teaching philosophy, 
evidence of teaching excellence, and three letters of reference to Professor 
Martha Vicinus, Sweetland Writing Center, 1139 Angell Hall, 435 S. 
State St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003. Application deadline is November 
12, 2007. 

Minnesota 

Gustavus Adolphus C 

English, 800 W College Av St Peter MN 56082 

Assistant Professor of 19th-­Century British Literature 421 

http://www.
gustavus.edu 

The English Department at Gustavus Adolphus College invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor in 19th-century 
British literature; 
secondary specialization in 20th-century 
British literature. Teaching 
includes introductory and advanced literature courses for the major and 
general education; the teaching load is six courses per year. Ph.D. preferred; 
ABD considered. In order to enhance our students educational 
experiences, we encourage applicants who have an interest in developing 
and implementing curricula that address multicultural issues. 

Please send letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference to: Dr. 
Don Scheese, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, Gustavus 
Adolphus College, St. Peter, MN 56082. All applications will be acknowledged. 
Review of applications will begin November 2. Interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA. 

Gustavus Adolphus College is a coeducational, private, residential, national 
liberal arts college of 2,500 students, affiliated with the Evangelical 



Lutheran Church in America. It is the policy and practice of Gustavus 
Adolphus College to provide equal educational and employment opportunities 
for all. We specifically encourage applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 

Gustavus Adolphus C 

English, 800 W College Av St Peter MN 56082 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 602 

http://www.
gustavus.edu 

The English Department at Gustavus Adolphus College invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professor in film studies; secondary specialization 
in literature of any period. Teaching includes introductory and 
advanced courses in film studies and literature courses for the major and 
general education; the teaching load is six courses per year. Ph.D. preferred; 
ABD considered. In order to enhance our students educational experiences, 
we encourage applicants who have interest in developing and 
implementing curricula that address multicultural issues. 

Please send letter of application, CV, and three letters of reference to: 
Dr. Laura Behling, Chair, Department of English, Gustavus Adolphus 
College, St. Peter, MN 56082. All applications will be acknowledged. 
Review of applications will begin November 2. Interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA. 

Gustavus Adolphus College is a coeducational, private, residential, national 
liberal arts college of 2,500 students, affiliated with the Evangelical 
Lutheran Church in America. It is the policy and practice of Gustavus 
Adolphus College to provide equal educational and employment opportunities 
for all. We specifically encourage applications from women, minorities, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 

Macalester C 

International Studies, 1600 Grand Av St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant or Associate Professor, International Studies: Culture, Media, 
Technology & Information 822 

http://www.
macalester.edu 

The International Studies Department at Macalester College seeks to appoint 
an Assistant or Associate Professor in Culture, Media, Technology, 
and Information Flows. A vibrant department at the heart of the College’s 
mission, Macalester’s International Studies approaches a broad range of 
global phenomena from multiple disciplinary, regional, and trans-national 
perspectives. 

Successful candidates will be effective teachers and scholars in fields including 
(but not limited to) global media industries and institutions, 
video/television/
film, the Internet, worldwide news and information, or 
cross-border images and media. The history, sources, practices, circulation, 
audiences, aesthetics, politics, and gender and racial dimensions of 
information and media are all of interest. Candidates trained in any humanities 
or social science field, including (but not limited to) anthropology, 
communication, cultural studies, history, literature, media studies, 
sociology, and technology studies, are encouraged to apply. 

A global perspective is central to International Studies. Within that perspective, 
however, we seek candidates with particular strengths in South, 
Southeast, or East Asia, the Islamic world, globalizing Europe, and/or 
Latin America. PhD in hand by August 2008. This position will have a 
formal curricular link to the Humanities, Media, and Cultural Studies 
Department, and candidates are encouraged to visit both departments at 
www.macalester.edu. 

The appointment will begin September 2008. For fullest consideration, 
send initial applications, consisting of detailed introductory letter and CV, 
to David Chioni Moore, Chair, International Studies, Macalester College, 
1600 Grand Ave, St. Paul, MN 55105 USA. Email queries (but not 
applications) to mooredc@macalester.edu. Applications received by October 
22, 2007 will receive first consideration. 

Macalester is a highly selective private liberal arts college in the vibrant 
Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area, with a population of approximately 
three million people and home to numerous colleges and 
universities, 
including the University of Minnesota. Macalesters diverse 
student body comprises over 1800 undergraduates from all 50 states and 
over 90 countries. 

The College is proud of its longstanding, mission-driven commitment to 
academic excellence with special emphases on internationalism, multiculturalism, 
and service to society. We are especially interested in applicants 
dedicated to the pursuit of excellence in both teaching and research within 
a liberal arts college community. As an Equal Opportunity employer 
supportive 
of affirmative efforts to achieve diversity among its faculty, Macalester 
College strongly encourages applications from women and members 
of underrepresented minority groups. [R] 

U of Minnesota, Duluth 

English, 1201 Ordean Ct, H410 Duluth MN 55812 

Assistant Professor of American literature 701 

http://www.
d.umn.edu 

The University of Minnesota Duluth seeks applications for a tenuretrack 
position as Assistant Professor of English in American literature 
before 1900. The teaching load is two courses per semester, beginning 
fall 2008. Essential qualifications are Ph.D. with specialty in American 
literature before 1900 or ABD with Ph.D. to be completed by August 25, 
2008. The successful applicant must show evidence of successful teaching 
at the college level, an ability to teach pre-1900 American literature and 
its cultures at the advanced level, and potential for significant publication 
in the field. Desired qualifications include: ability to teach trans-Atlantic 
literatures in English and/or 
in translation to undergraduates and graduate 
students; ability to teach literary theory helpful. Please send online 
application with attached letter of application, resume/curriculum 
vitae, 
and list of completed graduate-level courses by November 2, 2007. For 
a complete position description and information on how to apply online, 
visit http://employment.
umn.edu/, and search for Job Requisition Number 
150581. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator 
and employer. 
[R] 

U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Av, Mail JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of Latino/Latina 
Literature 422 

http://www.
stthomas.edu 

The University of St. Thomas seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professorship, 
to begin in Fall 2008. 

The Department of English seeks candidates for a specialist in Latino/ 
Latina 
literature. Preference will be given to candidates who can teach 
surveys of literature of the United States from a diverse, multicultural 
perspective, but whose teaching and scholarship also embrace a notion of 
“American” that is not limited to the national borders of the U.S. Ph.D. 
preferred, ABD considered. 

All full-time members of the English Department teach six courses per 
year, including our general requirement sequence in writing and literature. 
Competitive salary. Screening interviews will be held at the MLA 
Convention in December. 

Established in 1885, the University of St. Thomas is located in the major 
metropolitan area of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and is Minnesota’s largest private 
university. Its 11,000 students pursue degrees in a wide range of liberal 
arts, professional, and graduate programs. 

Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas 
educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, 
act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good, and seeks 
to develop individuals who combine career competency with cultural 
awareness and intellectual curiosity. The successful candidate will possess 
a commitment to the ideals of this mission. 



The University of St. Thomas has a strong commitment to the principles 
of diversity and inclusion, to equal opportunity policies and practices, and 
to the principles and goals of affirmative action. In that spirit the University 
strongly encourages applications from women, persons of color, and 
persons with disabilities. 

Application deadline: November 2, 2007. To apply, please submit a cover 
letter that notes the 200367 position number, a CV, and a writing sample 
electronically via the Employment Opportunities link at www.stthomas 
.edu/hr. 
In addition, please submit three conf idential letters of reference 
and documentation of successful classroom teaching to Human Resources, 
University of St. Thomas, Mail AQU 217, 2115 Summit Avenue, 
St. Paul, MN 55105. [R] 

U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Av, Mail JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Assistant Professor of Native American Literature 424 

http://www.
stthomas.edu 

The University of St. Thomas seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professorship, 
to begin in Fall 2008. 

The Department of English seeks candidates for a specialist in Native 
American literature. Preference will be given to candidates who can teach 
surveys of literature of the United States from a diverse, multicultural 
perspective, but whose teaching and scholarship also embrace a notion of 
“American” that is not limited to the national borders of the U.S. Ph.D. 
preferred, ABD considered. 

All full-time members of the English Department teach six courses per 
year, including our general requirement sequence in writing and literature. 
Competitive salary. Screening interviews will be held at the MLA 
Convention in December. 

Established in 1885, the University of St. Thomas is located in the major 
metropolitan area of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and is Minnesota’s largest private 
university. Its 11,000 students pursue degrees in a wide range of liberal 
arts, professional, and graduate programs. 

Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas 
educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, 
act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good, and seeks 
to develop individuals who combine career competency with cultural 
awareness and intellectual curiosity. The successful candidate will possess 
a commitment to the ideals of this mission. 

The University of St. Thomas has a strong commitment to the principles 
of diversity and inclusion, to equal opportunity policies and practices, and 
to the principles and goals of affirmative action. In that spirit the University 
strongly encourages applications from women, persons of color, and 
persons with disabilities. 

Application deadline: November 2, 2007. To apply, please submit a cover 
letter that notes the 200026 position number, a CV, and a writing sample 
electronically via the Employment Opportunities link at www.stthomas 
.edu/hr. 
In addition, please submit three conf idential letters of reference 
and documentation of successful classroom teaching to Human Resources, 
University of St. Thomas, Mail AQU 217, 2115 Summit Avenue, 
St. Paul, MN 55105 [R] 

Mississippi 

Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of English 213 

http://www.
msstate.edu/dept/
english 

Tenure-track position for assistant professor to begin in fall 2008, pending 
funding. PhD in English and college teaching experience required. We 
seek candidates with expertise in early American literature, as well as experience 
teaching first-year composition and survey courses in American 
literature. The successful candidate will carry a 2–2 teaching assignment 
for the first year, then a 3–2 assignment in subsequent years. Publications 
and professional service are required for tenure and promotion. Members 
of Phi Beta Kappa honor society are encouraged to apply. Salary will be 
competitive. Affordable and comfortable faculty housing is usually available 
in the first two years of employment. Mississippi State University is 
a Carnegie Doctoral/Research-
Extensive institution with approximately 
16,000 students on the main campus. To apply, please send a letter and 
cv by November 15, 2007, to Dr. Richard Raymond, Head, Department 
of English, Mississippi State Univer sity, Drawer E, Mississippi State, MS 
39762. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor, English Education 675 

http://usm.
edu/english 


The Department of English at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor level, 
specializing in English Education. The successful candidate will provide 
leadership to the English Licensure program, teach courses in English 
methods, advise and supervise teacher candidates, and serve as liaison 
to the universitys secondary education program. High school English 
teaching 
experience and familiarity with NCATE/NCTE 
accreditation 
are essential. 

The University of Southern Mississippi is a Carnegie I, doctoral-granting 
research institution. Comprised of active scholars and dynamic teachers, 
our department of 28 tenured and tenure-track faculty is currently 
in the midst of a five-year initiative in which we expect to hire as many 
as twelve new colleagues. The department houses the Robert Frost Review 
and is home to the Center for Writers and its prize-winning literary 
journal, Mississippi Review. Located mid-way between New Orleans, 
Mobile, and Jackson, Mississippi, and a short drive from the beaches of 
the Gulf Coast, the Gulf South region boasts a rich and vital literary and 
cultural heritage. 

Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English by time of appointment; an 
active research agenda; and a commitment to teaching and service. Salary 
is competitive, and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Position is contingent upon funding. Send letter, vita, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation by November 19 to Michael Mays, 
Chair, The University of Southern Mississippi, Department of English, 
118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS, 39406-0001. 

Interviews at MLA. Applicants must complete an employment application 
form located on the University of Southern Mississippi Human Resources 
website at www.usm.edu/hr. 
The University of Southern Mississippi is an 
AA/EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and 
minority candidates. [R] 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor, Contemporary Literature 681 

http://usm.
edu/english 


The Center for Writers in the Department of English at The University 
of Southern Mississippi invites applications for a tenure track 9-month 
appointment in modern and contemporary literature at the Assistant or 
Associate Professor level beginning August 2008. We seek an individual 
with substantial publications, an interest in the craft of writing, and teaching 
experience. This position is associated with a nationally recognized 
program in creative writing program and is designed to help students develop 
a sophisticated sense of the history and craft of contemporary literature. 
Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. or equivalent in modern and/or 
contemporary literature, demonstrated evidence of ability to teach effectively 
and to publish research and creative work. Salary is commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Position is contingent upon funding. 



Duties involve graduate and undergraduate teaching, possible editorial 
work on the literary magazine Mississippi Review, thesis and dissertation 
committee work, and participation in the life of the English Department 
and of the Center for Writers, an autonomous program within the department. 
The Center for Writers web site address is www.centerforwriters 
.com. Departmental website is at www.usm.edu/english. 


Completed applications received by December 15, 2007 will receive 
full consideration. A complete application will contain a vita, three letters 
of reference, academic transcripts, samples of published work. Send 
applications to Director, Center for Writers, 118 College Drive # 5144, 
Hattiesburg, MS 39406-0001. Applicants must complete an employment 
application form located on the University of Southern Mississippi 
Human Resources website at www.usm.edu/hr. 


The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/EEO/
ADAI employer, 
and encourages applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English 672 

http://usm.
edu/english 


The Department of English at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant or associate 
professor level, specializing in world literature in English outside of Britain 
and the U.S. We are especially interested in candidates who specialize 
in literatures of Africa or the Caribbean, as well as those whose work 
explores the theoretical intersections of postcolonialism, transnationalism, 
and globalization. The successful candidate will be expected to develop 
and teach upper-level undergraduate and graduate courses and to contribute 
broadly to our thriving M.A. and Ph.D. programs. 

The University of Southern Mississippi is a Carnegie I, doctoral-granting 
research institution. Comprised of active scholars and dynamic teachers, 
our department of 28 tenured and tenure-track faculty is currently 
in the midst of a five-year initiative in which we expect to hire as many 
as twelve new colleagues. The department houses the R obert Frost Review 
and is home to the Center for Writers and its prize-winning literary 
journal, Mississippi Review. Located mid-way between New Orleans, 
Mobile, and Jackson, Mississippi, and a short drive from the beaches of 
the Gulf Coast, the Gulf South region boasts a rich and vital literary and 
cultural heritage. 

Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English by time of appointment; an 
active research agenda; and a commitment to teaching and service. Salary 
is competitive, and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Position is contingent upon funding. Send letter, vita, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation by November 19 to Michael M ays, 
Chair, The University of Southern Mississippi, Department of English, 
118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS, 39406-0001. Interviews at 
MLA. Applicants must complete an employment application form located 
on the University of Southern Mississippi Human Resources website at 
www.usm.edu/hr. 
The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/ 
EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 

U of Southern Mississippi 

English, 118 College Dr, #5037 Hattiesburg MS 39406 

Assistant Professor, American Literature 670 

http://usm.
edu/english 


The Department of English at The University of Southern Mississippi invites 
applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor level, 
specializing in twentieth-century 
American fiction. The successful candidate 
will be expected to develop and teach upper-level undergraduate 
and graduate courses and to contribute broadly to our thriving M.A. and 
Ph.D. programs. 

The University of Southern Mississippi is a Carnegie I, doctoral-granting 
research institution. Comprised of active scholars and dynamic teachers, 
our department of 28 tenured and tenure-track faculty is currently 
in the midst of a five-year initiative in which we expect to hire as many 
as twelve new colleagues. The department houses the Robert Frost Review 
and is home to the Center for Writers and its prize-winning literary 
journal, Mississippi Review. Located mid-way between New Orleans, 
Mobile, and Jackson, Mississippi, and a short drive from the beaches of 
the Gulf Coast, the Gulf South regio n boasts a rich and vital literary and 
cultural heritage. 

Minimum qualifications: Ph.D. in English by time of appointment; an 
active research agenda; and a commitment to teaching and service. Salary 
is competitive, and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
Position is contingent upon funding. Send letter, vita, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation by November 19 to Michael Mays, 
Chair, The University of Southern Mississippi, Department of English, 
118 College Drive #5037, Hattiesburg, MS, 39406-0001. Interviews at 
MLA. Applicants must complete an employment application form located 
on the University of Southern Mississippi Human Re sources website 
at www.usm.edu/hr. 
The University of Southern Mississippi is an AA/ 
EOE/
ADAI employer 
and encourages applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 

Missouri 

Central Methodist U 

English & Mod For Langs, 411 Central Methodist Sq Fayette MO 
65248 

Assistant or Associate Professor of American Literature 627 

http://www.
centralmethodist.edu/ 

Central Methodist University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
or Associate Professor to begin August 2008. Required: Ph.D. in 
American literature by August 2008; one year teaching experience; demonstrated 
ability to conduct scholarly, publishable work. Preferred: experience 
teaching cinema. The 4/4 
workload will include upper-division 
American literature courses and upper-and lower-division world literature, 
composition, expository writing, and technical writing. Submit letter 
of application, c.v., and names of three references with phone numbers 
and e-mail addresses. Review of applications begins 15 December 2007: 
Dr. John Healy, Department of English, Central Methodist University, 
411 Central Methodist Square, Fayette, MO 65248-1192. [R] 

Missouri Western SU 

English, For Langs, & Journalism, 4525 Downs Dr St Joseph MO 
64507 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English, Writing 46 

http://www.
missouriwestern.edu/eflj/ 


ENGLISH ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE 
PROFESSOR-tenure-track to 
join a team of writing faculty that shares responsibility for a variety of 
courses and programs. Candidates should have competencies in two or 
more writing areas, including composition theory, advanced composition, 
composition pedagogy, creative writing, media writing, digital media, 
web design, and/or 
technical writing. REQUIRED: Ph.D. (or ABD with 
degree in hand by position start date of August, 2008) in a related field. 
The successful candidate will contribute to the departments programs 
in composition, journalism, public relations, technical communication, 
digital media and/or 
convergent media and will have the opportunity to 
contribute to our National Writing Project site. PREFERRED: demonstrated 
abilities in computer classroom teaching. Twelve teaching hours/ 
semester, 
including f irst-year composition and upper-division courses 
based on applicants specialty areas. Qualified applicants must submit a letter 
of interest, vita, unofficial transcripts, a one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and at least three letters 
of reference to Dr. Mike Cadden, Chair, Department of English, Foreign 
Languages and Journalism, Missouri Western State University, 4525 
Downs Drive, Saint Joseph, MO. 64507 or via email to cadden@mis



souriwestern.edu. For full consideration, applications should be received 
by October 1, 2007. AA/EOE 
[R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor of Composition 453 

http://www.
nwmissouri.edu/hr/
JOBS/FACULTY.
HTM 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialty in Composition, beginning 
August 2008, to teach a 4/4 
load. Specialization in developmental 
composition, technical/workplace 
writing, or first-year composition desirable. 
Teaching includes primarily general education writing courses, 
with the opportunity to assist in developing WAC initiatives and contribute 
to community outreach efforts, and with some opportunity to teach 
upper-level or graduate writing courses such as Pedagogy of College 
Composition. Earned doctorate, successful teaching experience at the college 
level, student support, departmental and university service, and ongoing 
scholarship required. Salary commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial transcripts, three 
letters of reference, and contact information for three additional references 
to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department of English, Colden Hall, 
Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, MO 64468. Screening 
will begin November 1st and will continue until position is filled. Interviews 
at the 2007 MLA convention in Chicago. Application will be 
acknowledged by letter. Inquire to Mhobbs@nwmissouri.edu or (660) 
562-1265. Northwest is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

English, 800 University Dr Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor/Generalist 
457 

http://www.
nwmissouri.edu/hr/
JOBS/FACULTY.
HTM 

Tenure track Assistant Professor position, beginning August 2008, to 
teach a 4/4 
load of general education freshman composition and introductory 
literature courses. Specialization open. Some opportunity to teach 
undergraduate courses beyond the general education sequence. Earned 
doctorate, successful teaching experience at the college level, student support, 
departmental and university service, and ongoing scholarship required. 
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Send 
letter of application, resume, transcripts, three letters of reference, and 
contact information for three additional references to Dr. Michael Hobbs, 
Chair, Department of English, Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State 
University, Maryville, MO 64468. Screening will begin on November 1st 
and will continue until the position is filled. Interviews at the 2007 MLA 
convention in Chicago. Application will be acknowledged by letter. Inquire 
to Mhobbs@nwmissouri.edu or (660) 562-1265. Northwest is an 
equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Missouri, St Louis 

English, 484 Lucas Hall 1 University Blvd St Louis MO 63121 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor English Education 533 

http://www.
umsl.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant/Associate 
Professor with a joint appointment 
in English and Education; beginning date is August, 2008. Completed 
Ph.D./Ed.D. in English Education, Literature, or Composition and Rhetoric 
(strongly preferred) or ABD. Successful candidates must have a strong 
research agenda in English Education and exemplary experience in secondary 
school settings. 

Desirable qualifications include background in a National Writing Project 
site, teaching experience at the university level, experience with urban 
partnerships and diverse populations, field experience supervision, collaboration 
with K-12 colleagues, successful grant writing, and skill with 
electronic resources in English Education. 

Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in 
English and/or 
Education, advising and supervising interns and student 
teachers, and providing leadership for the English Education program and 
the Gateway Writing Project. UM-St. Louis offers masters a nd doctoral 
degrees in Education, a masters degree in English, and a graduate certificate 
in the teaching of writing. Ours is a technology-rich campus with a 
well-established National Writing Project site. 

Application deadline is October 15, 2007, or until the position is filled. 
Interviews at NCTE and MLA are desirable. 

Please send application cover letter, vita, transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
and a sample of published or publishable writing to: 

Dr. Nancy Robb Singer, Search Committee Chair, 443 Lucas Hall, University 
of Missouri-St. Louis, 1 University Blvd., St. Louis, MO 63121. 
Electronic submissions are encouraged. Email: singerna@umsl.edu. 
Phone: (314) 516-5517 

The University of Missouri-St. Louis is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
committed to excellence through diversity. [R] 

U of Missouri, St Louis 

English, 484 Lucas Hall 1 University Blvd St Louis MO 63121 

Assistant Professor of English—Shakespeare/Early 
Modern 538 

http://www.
umsl.edu 

The Department of English seeks applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor, specializing in Shakespeare and the literature of the English 
Renaissance, to teach upper and lower division courses in Shakespeare 
and related writers, broad period surveys and/or 
genre courses, and graduate 
courses in area of specialization, beginning in August 2008. Normal 
teaching load is 3/2, 
with opportunities for release time for research. PhD 
by time of appointment strongly preferred. Candidates should demonstrate 
evidence of promise in scholarship and commitment to success in 
university-level teaching. 

Send letter of application, CV, and complete dossier to Frank Grady, Department 
of English, University of Missouri-St. Louis, One University 
Boulevard, St. Louis, MO 63121-4499. Review of applications will begin 
on November 2 and continue until the position is f illed; we expect to 
interview at MLA. The University of Missouri-St. Louis is an AA/EO 
employer 
committed to exce llence through diversity. [R] 

U of Missouri, Rolla 

English & Tech Communication, 1870 Miner Cir, 236 H/SS 
224 H-SS 
Rolla MO 65409 

Assistant Professor of English 151 

http://english.
umr.edu 

The University of Missouri-Rolla invites applications for a tenure-track 
position at the rank of assistant Professor in Medieval Literature, beginning 
Fall 2008 (pending funding). Teaching responsibilities are three 
courses per semester (9 hours) at both the introductory and advanced undergraduate 
level. Candidates should be able to teach courses in Medieval 
Literature as well as the History of the English Language, the British 
Literature Survey to 1780, and Freshman Composition. We particularly 
welcome candidates with teaching interests in fantasy literature. The University 
of Missouri-Rolla is a Research I university, and successful applicants 
will demonstrate significant research potential and evidence of 
effective teaching. Ph.D. in Medieval Literature required and must be 
awarded by August 2008. 

The University of Missouri-Rolla is one of four campuses comprising the 
University of Missouri, and enrolls approximately 4500 undergraduates 
and 1350 graduate students. Its 284-acre campus is situated amid the scenic 
rolling hills of Missouri and near some of the state’s most beautiful 
spring-fed creeks, caves, and other natural formations. Rolla, a community 
of about 17,000 residents, was named one of the best small towns in 
America and the number one small town in Missouri, according to Norm 
Cramptons The 100 Best Small Towns in America. 



The University of MissouriRolla is an AA/EEO 
employer, 
and we are 
committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty. Members of underrepresented 
groups are strongly encouraged to apply. Please send letter, 
CV, and three current letters of recommendation to Human Resources 
Services (hrsinfo@umr.edu), Reference Number: 00035993, University 
of Missouri–Rolla, 113 University Center, 1870 Miner Circle, Rolla, MO 
65409-1050 

Electronic applications (put the reference number in the subject line) may 
be sent to: hrsinfo@umr.edu. 

Complete applications must be received by November 16, 2007. Preliminary 
interviews will take place at the MLA convention in Chicago. For 
more information about our department, please see our website at http:// 
english.
umr.edu. 

Washington U 

English, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Theater Studies: Washington University in St Louis 357 

Theater Studies: Washington University in St Louis intends to make a 
tenured appointment in theater studies in the Performing Arts Department. 
The successful candidate should have a Ph.D. and significant publications, 
and will be expected to take a leadership role within 1–4 years 
of the date of appointment. Candidates may have particular involvement 
with performance studies, dramatic theory and/or 
theater history. Candidates 
who bring interdisciplinary approaches to the study of theater and 
performance are encouraged to apply. Send applications to Prof. Derek 
Hirst, Chair of Performing Arts Search, History Dept., Washington 
University, St Louis, MO 63130. Review of applications will begin on 
Nov. 15, and will continue until the position is filled. Washington University 
is an AA/EOE 
employer, 
and particularly welcomes applications 
from women and members of under-represented groups. 

Washington U 

English, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Postdoctoral Lecturer: English. Specialization in Queer Studies 74 

Postdoctoral Lecturer: English. Specialization in Queer Studies. Washington 
University invites applications from recent Ph.D.s for the position 
as Postdoctoral Lecturer. The selected Lecturer will receive a three 
semester appointment beginning Spring 2008 with an annual salary of 
$38,000. Postdoctoral Lecturers have an opportunity to plan and pursue 
their own continuing research while teaching two classes per semester. 
We are looking for a candidate with a demonstrated commitment to 
excellent teaching and research in Queer Studies in the fields of American 
(including hemispheric) and/or 
British literature. Please send letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, letters of recommendation and writing 
sample to David Lawton, Chair, Department of English, One Brookings 
Drive, Box 1122, St. Louis, MO 63130 (dalawton@wustl.edu) or submit 
application materials electronically (for guidance contact engchair@artsci. 
wustl.edu). Priority will be given to applications received b y October 15, 
2007. Washington University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
Applications from women and other members of underrepresented 
groups are especially encouraged. Employment eligibility verification 
required upon hire. [R] 

Washington U 

English, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Film Studies: Washington University in St Louis 356 

Film Studies: Washington University in St Louis intends to make a tenured 
appointment in film studies in the Film and Media Studies Program. 
The successful candidate should have a Ph.D. and signif icant publications, 
and will be expected to take a leadership role; more generally, s/ 
he 
will help to develop the curriculum for an expanding Major as well 
as contributing to the core elements of the program, which cover film 
theory (including feminist theory), film history, and close textual analysis. 
Send applications to Prof. Derek Hirst, Chair of Film Studies Search, 
History Dept., Washington University, St Louis, MO 63130. Review of 
applications will begin on Nov. 15, and will continue until the position is 
filled. Washington University is an AA/EOE 
employer, 
and particularly 
welcomes applications from women and members of under-represented 
groups. [R] 

Westminster C 

English, 501 Westminster Av Fulton MO 65251 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 317 

http://www.
westminster-mo.edu 

Westminster College seeks applications for a full-time tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of English. Position begins in Fall 2008. Ph.D. required 
with strong commitment to undergraduate teaching/advising 
and continued 
scholarly development. Specialization in 19th or 20th c. American 
literature, and ability to teach pre-civil war period. Teaching load (8 
courses/year) 
will include composition, survey courses, an upper level 
seminar, and courses supporting Westminsters general education program. 
Preference will be given to candidates with secondary expertise 
in film studies or journalism/media 
studies. For details, please log on to: 
http://www.
westminster-mo.edu/go/
jobs. 

Please send letter of application, c.v., transcript, and three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Wayne Zade, Department of English, Westminster 
College, 501 Westminster Ave., Fulton, Missouri 65251. Review 
of applications will begin in early November and will continue until the 
position is fill ed. Receipt of applications will be acknowledged by letter. 
EOE [R] 

Montana 

Montana SU, Bozeman 

English, Wilson Hall Bozeman MT 59717 

Assistant Professor in English 746 

http://www1.
english.montana.edu 

Composition and Rhetoric 

We are seeking candidates with the ability and interest to teach in composition 
and rhetoric and a secondary related field. Start date August 15, 
2008. 

Required: Ph.D. in English by time of hire with demonstrated specialization 
in Composition and rhetoric and demonstrated promise of excellence 
in both teaching and scholarship. 

Preferred qualifications: Specialization in one or more of these areas: 

English education language and linguistics literacy studies service learning 
pedagogy or other related field. 

We have a strong interest in a candidate with experience teaching in a 
non-university setting, such as community literacy, K-12 education, adult 
learning, and second language education. 

The successful candidate will 

1. have the opportunity to teach and develop undergraduate and graduate 
courses in composition, rhetoric, English Education, language and linguistics, 
and literature; 

2. maintain an active research program leading to pub lication in peer-reviewed 
journals and other venues; 

3. advise undergraduate students and participate on departmental, college, 
and university committees. 

Letter of application, CV, transcript, and three letters of recommendation, 
with screening to begin November 1, 2007, to Dr. Kirk Branch, Committee 
Chair, Department of English, MSU Bozeman, P.O. Box 172300, 
Bozeman, MT 59717-2300 or via email at dept@english.montana.edu. 
ADA/AA/
EOE Veterans Preference. Visit departmental website at http:// 
www1.
english.montana.edu/ [R] 



Montana SU, Bozeman 

English, Wilson Hall Bozeman MT 59717 

Assistant Professor in English 749 

http://www1.
english.montana.edu 

Postcolonial literature, tenure-track, assistant professor 

The English Department at Montana State University seeks an Assistant 
Professor of English, specializing in Postcolonial literature and with the 
ability to teach lower division British Literature courses. Start date August 
15, 2008. 

Requirements at the time of appointment: 

1. Ph.D. in English or related field in hand; 

2. Demonstrated preparation and interest in Postcolonial Literature, with 
a secondary focus on British Literature; 

3. Demonstrated promise of excellence in both teaching and scholarship. 

Preferred qualifications: 

1. University classroom teaching experience in English 

2. Publication or professional presentations in Postcolonial or English literature 


The successful candidate will: 

1. teach lower division, upper division, and graduate courses in 
Postcolonial 
and British literature, including introduction to literature 
and surveys; 

2. maintain an active research program leading to publication in peer- 
reviewed 
journals and other venues; 

3. advise undergraduate students and participate on departmental, college, 
and university committees as appropriate. 

Letter of application, CV, transcript, and three letters of recommendation, 
screening to begin November 1, 2007, to Dr. Gwendolyn Morgan, Committee 
Chair, Department of English, MSU Bozeman, P.O. Box 172300, 
Bozeman, MT 59717-2300 or via email at dept@english.montana.edu. 
ADA/AA/
EOE Veterans Preference. Visit departmental website at http:// 
www1.
english.montana.edu/ [R] 

Nebraska 

U of Nebraska 

English, PO Box 880333, 625 N 14th St Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant Professor of English 788 

http://english.
unl.edu/ 

The Department of English seeks a specialist in Twentieth-Century 
Poetry 
for a tenure-track appointment in English at the assistant professor 
level, beginning August 2008. We welcome applications from candidates 
whose primary area of scholarly and teaching expertise is in twentieth- 
century 
British and/or 
Anglophone and/or 
American poetry. Expertise in 
theories of poetics is required. Faculty at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln 
have a strong commitment to both scholarship and teaching. Candidates 
for this position should be actively engaged in scholarly research and 
writing and prepared to teach literature courses to undergraduates and 
graduate students. Qualifications: PhD in English by May, 2008, a record 
of excellent teaching, and an active research program. 

To be considered for the position applicants must complete the Faculty/ 
Administrative 
Information Form at http://employment.
unl.edu, requisition 
070743. Then send letter of application and curriculum vitae to 
Amelia M. L. Montes, Recruitment Chair, Department of English, University 
of Nebraska-Lincoln, PO Box 880333, 625 N 14th St., Lincoln, 
NE 68588-0333. For information about the application process, contact 
Professor Montes; for information about the position, contact Professor 
Nick Spencer, nspencer1@unl.edu or 402-472-1885. Review of applications 
will begin November 2, 2007 and continue until a suitable candidate 
is found. The University of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic 
campus community through affirmative action and equal opportunity 
and is responsive to the needs of dual career couples. We assure reasonable 
accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act: Contact 
Professor Montes at 402-472-8291 for assistance. 

U of Nebraska 

English, PO Box 880333, 625 N 14th St Lincoln NE 68588 

Assistant Professor of English and Ethnic Studies 797 

http://english.
unl.edu/ 

The Department of English seeks a specialist in U.S. Latina/Latino 
literatures, 
including Chicana/Chicano 
literatures (late nineteenth century 
to contemporary) for a tenure-track appointment in English and Ethnic 
Studies at the assistant professor level, beginning August 2008. Scholarteachers 
whose scope of inquiry encompasses transnational networks of 
discourse and publication are encouraged to apply. We particularly welcome 
applications from candidates with secondary interests in immigrant 
literatures, queer theory and/or 
film. Faculty at the University of Nebraska-
Lincoln have a strong commitment to both scholarship and teaching. 
Candidates for this position should be actively engaged in scholarly 
research and writing and prepared to teach literature courses to undergraduates 
and graduate students. Qualifications: PhD in English by May, 
2008, a record of excellent teaching, and an active research program. 

To be considered for the position applicants must com plete the Faculty/ 
Administrative 
Information Form at http://employment.
unl.edu, requisition 
070736. Then send letter of application and curriculum vitae to 
Amelia M. L. Montes, Recruitment Chair, Department of English, University 
of Nebraska-Lincoln, PO Box 880333, 625 N 14th St., Lincoln, 
NE 68588-0333. For information about the application process, contact 
Professor Montes; for information about the position, contact Professor 
Susan Belasco, sbelasco2@unl.edu or 402-472-1857. Review of applications 
will begin November 2, 2007 and continue until a suitable candidate 
is found. The University of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic 
campus community th rough affirmative action and equal opportunity 
and is responsive to the needs of dual career couples. We assure reasonable 
accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act: Contact 
Professor Montes at 402-472-8291 for assistance. 

Nevada 

U of Nevada, Reno 

English, /098 Reno NV 89557 

Assistant Professor, Literature and Environment 709 

http://www.
unr.edu 

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English announces an 
entry-level, tenure-track position in literature and environment. Desired 
areas of specialization include, but are not limited to, American and/or 
British environmental literature, comparative literature, ecocriticism and 
theory, green cultural studies, literature and science, and postcolonial or 
indigenous literatures. The faculty member will teach a range of intermediate 
and advanced undergraduate courses, graduate seminars, and Core 
Curriculum classes. Our tenure-track faculty who teach and mentor in 
the M.A. and Ph.D. programs and engage in research typically teach a 2/ 
2 
load. A strong record of research is expected as well as experience and 
promise as an excellent teacher. Ph.D. must be completed by July 1, 2008. 
Competitive starting salary. 

The University of Nevada requires job applicants to submit materials electronically 
at www.unrsearch.com/applicants/
Central?quickFind=52615. 
To apply, complete the brief form and submit your letter of application 
and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications must be submitted electronically 
no later than October 26, 2007. 

The search committee will interview at MLA. For additional information 
about the University of Nevada Department of English, see http://www 
.unr.edu/cla/
engl. AA/EOE. 
[R] 



U of Nevada, Reno 

English, /098 Reno NV 89557 

Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition (two positions) 704 

http://www.
unr.edu 

The University of Nevada, Reno Department of English announces two 
tenure-track positions in rhetoric and composition, to be filled at the level 
of assistant professor. Primary expertise must be in rhetorical theory and 
composition studies. Preference will be given to candidates who also demonstrate 
background in some combination of the following areas: critical 
race studies, transnational rhetorics, political/cultural/
civic rhetorics, 
gender studies, technology studies, new media, professional writing, theory 
and practice of creative nonfiction, WAC/WID, 
writing assessment, 
WPA, writing centers, qualitative research methods, discourse studies. 
The faculty members will teach intermediate and advanced undergraduate 
courses, graduate seminars, and Core Writing classes. Our tenure-track 
faculty who teach, mentor in the MA and PhD programs, and engage in 
scholarly research typically teach a 2/2 
load. A strong record of research is 
expected as well as experience and promise as an excellent teacher. PhD 
must be completed by July 1, 2008. Competitive starting salary. 

Located in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains, Reno provides 
ready access to numerous outdoor recreational opportunities in nearby 
Lake Tahoe. Reno is four hours from San Francisco and the Pacific Ocean. 

The University of Nevada requires job applicants to submit materials electronically 
at www.unrsearch.com/applicants/
Central?quickFind=52616. 
To apply, complete the brief form and submit your letter of application 
and CV in .doc or .pdf format. All applications must be submitted electronically 
no later than October 26th, 2007. 

The search committee will i nterview at MLA. For additional information 
about the University of Nevada Department of English, see http:// 
www.
unr.edu/cla/
engl. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

New Hampshire 

Dartmouth C 

German Studies, 6084 Dartmouth Hall Hanover NH 03755 

Endowed Chair in the Digital Humanities 77 

http://dartmouth.
edu 

Dartmouth College invites applications for a newly endowed chair in the 
Digital Humanities. The successful candidate should be committed to interdisciplinary 
collaboration, technological innovation, and creating curricular 
links within the Humanities and across divisions. The position offers 
the opportunity to define a new area of research and teaching, and to build 
on Dartmouths existing strengths in the Humanities and Computing. 

The field of research and teaching is open; we seek candidates with practical 
and/or 
theoretical expertise in one or several of the following fields 
in the Arts and Humanities: visual arts, visual culture, new media, screen 
studies, performance arts, music and sound, film, TV/Video, 
literature, 
and human-computer interaction. Expertise in computer hardware and/ 
or 
software will be welcome but is not essential. 

The role of the Chair in Digital Humanities is intended to be broad in 
scope, potentially incorporating current or future initiatives in cyberculture 
and the creation, performance, and critical study of digital arts, 
including a consideration of the socio-political and theoretical implications 
of new artistic technologies. The endowment for this Chair provides 
additional funds for projects involving research, teaching, and program 
building in the Digital Humanities. 

Our intention is to hire at the rank of associate or full professor with tenure. 
The successful candidate will be located in a single Dartmouth department 
or program, or jointly appointed to one or more departments 
or programs. Considerable flexibility exists regarding joint appointments, 
which may cross departmental or even divisional boundaries. 

Dartmouth College combines a commitment to innovative scholarship, 
creative practice, and excellent teaching, primarily but not only of undergraduate 
students. One of the most diverse institutions of higher education 
in New England, Dartmouth College is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to diversity. In 
that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from 
a broad spectrum of people, including women, persons of color, persons 
with disabilities, and veterans. 

The Search Committee will begin reviewing applications after October 1, 
2007. Applications will be considered unt il the position is filled. 

Applications should be submitted in digital form. Please send letter of 
application, CV, and the names of three references to: digital.search@dartmouth.
edu 

Please contact Mark Williams, Chair of the Search Committee with any 
questions: Mark Williams (Mark.J.Williams@Dartmouth.edu), Dept. of 
Film and Television Studies, 317 Wilson Hall, Dartmouth College, Hanover, 
NH 03755 USA 

Saint Anselm C 

English, 100 Saint Anselm Dr Manchester NH 03102 

Assistant Professor of English, Post-colonial Literature Specialist 
(Anglophone) 853 

http://www.
anselm.edu 

The English Department of Saint Anselm College seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor to expand its current offerings and to teach courses in 
postcolonial literature, written in English, from various regions around the 
world. Teaching responsibilities will include composition and Humanities 
and other literature courses. Four-three teaching load. Ph. D. preferred. 
Applicants should be committed to teaching undergraduates, respectful 
of the College’s Catholic identity, and engaged in scholarship on transnational 
post-colonialism. Located one hour north of Boston, Saint Anselm 
College is a Catholic liberal arts college in the Benedictine tradition and 
is committed by its mission to actively building a diverse academic community 
that fosters an inclusive environment. It therefore encourages a 
broad spectrum of candidates to apply. Begins Aug. 1, 2008. Send letter of 
application, vita, and current letters of recommendation to Dr. Ann Norton, 
Chair, Dept. of English, Saint Anselm College, 100 Saint Anselm 
Drive, Manchester, NH 03102-1310. Preliminary interviews at the MLA 
Conference, Chicago. Deadline: Postmarked by Nov. 9, 2007 or until position 
is filled. Saint Anselm College is an EOE. [R] 

Southern New Hampshire U 

English & Mod Langs, 2500 N River Rd Manchester NH 03106 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 158 

http://www.
snhu.edu 

Southern New Hampshire University invites applications for an assistant 
professor with a Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition to begin Fall 
2008. The successful candidate will have a strong background in rhetoric/ 
composition 
theory and pedagogy and substantial teaching experience at the 
undergraduate level. Successful candidates will be able to teach introductory 
and advanced writing as well as Grammar and Linguistics. The candidate 
may be asked to assume responsibilities in the writing program, to assist with 
curriculum development and assessment, and to support the WAC program. 
The successful candidate must have Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment. 

Southern New Hampshire University is a small, private university in New 
England located in Manchester, New Hampshire, 50 miles north of Boston, 
40 miles from the coast, and 30 miles from the mountains. SNHU 
has a 4/3 
teaching load with small classes, competitive salary, and benefits. 
Review of applications begins November 10, 2007. Initial interviews will 
be conducted by telephone. 

Send letter of application addressing qualifications, statement of teaching 
philosophy, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to: Office 
of Human Resources-RHET, Southern New Hampshire University, 
2500 River Road, Manchester, NH 03106-1045 

EOE/AA 




U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Assistant Professor of English (Fiction) 251 

http://www.
unh.edu 

Tenure-track positions (2) in English, in fiction writing, beginning September, 
2008. Both at the assistant professor level, but advanced assistant 
professors are strongly encouraged to apply. Salary will be commensurate 
with experience and publications. Teaching responsibilities: fiction workshops, 
Fiction: Form and Technique, and other courses at the undergraduate 
(both introductory and advanced) and graduate levels. Course load 3/ 
2. 
Opportunity to help develop a newly-launched MFA and to work with 
a well-established Writers Series. Minimum requirements: at least one 
novel or story collection published or accepted by a national press, teaching 
experience at the college level, and preferably an MFA completed by 
8/08. 
Send letter, C.V., dossier, graduate transcripts, published novel or 
story collection, and SASE by November 1, 2007. Interviews will be conducted 
at MLA. 

Fiction Search Committee, English Department, University of New 
Hampshire, 95 Main Street, Durham, NH 03824. The University seeks 
excellence through diversity among its administrators, faculty, staff, and 
students. T he university prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, 
color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity 
or expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. Application 
by members of all underrepresented groups is encouraged. 

U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Assistant Professor of English (Composition and Technical Writing) 438 

http://www.
unh.edu 

Assistant Professor of English. We invite applicants with a broad background 
in Composition Studies and a specialization in technical writing 
to teach first-year and intermediate writing courses; to develop and teach 
a graduate technical writing course; to develop advanced undergraduate 
courses in technical writing; to teach and advise in an established doctoral 
program, beginning September 2008. The position will at some point include 
writing program administration. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in Composition Studies or related field by 8/08. 
Send 
letter, dossier, vita, writing sample, and self-addressed stamped envelope by 
November 1, 2007 to: Composition Studies Search Committee, English 
Department, University of New Hampshire, Durham, NH 03824. 

The University seeks excellence through diversity among its administrators, 
faculty, staff, and students. The university prohibits discrimination 
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual 
orientation, 
gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or 
marital status. Application by members of all underrepresented groups is 
encouraged. 

U of New Hampshire 

English, 95 Main St Hamilton Smith Hall Durham NH 03824 

Associate or Advanced Assistant Professor of English (Poetry) 437 

http://www.
unh.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
beginning Fall 2008. The position is at the rank of associate or advanced 
assistant professor: a poet, with established national reputation, significant 
publications, and demonstrated excellence in teaching poetry at the college/
university 
level. Teaching will include undergraduate and graduate 
poetry workshops, “Form and Theory of Poetry,” and other courses in 
literature and writing, possibly including the short story. Opportunity to 
help develop an MFA in Writing. 3/2 
teaching load. 

Applicants should send a letter, CV, dossier, dissertation abstract, and 
stamped self-addressed envelope to: Mekeel McBride, Chair of the Search 
Committee for Asst. Prof./Poetry, English Department, University of 
New Hampshire, Hamilton Smith Hall, 95 Main Street, Durham, NH 
03824-3574. Application review will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. 

The University seeks excellence through diversity and strongly encourages 
women and minority candidates to apply. 

New Jersey 

Bloomfield C 

Humanities Div, 467 Franklin St Bloomfield NJ 07003 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric & Composition 330 

http://www.
bloomfield.edu 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition and Coordinator of 
First-Year Writing and Analysis Program 

The Bloomf ield College Humanities Division invites applications for 
a tenure-track position beginning fall 2008 in Rhetoric and Composition 
that includes the coordination of our First-Year Writing and Analysis 
Program. Ideal candidates will have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric/Composition 
or 
related field, and administrative experience. Desirable secondary interests: 
developmental writing, assessment, WAC/WID. 
Teaching load: 2/2 
plus 
administrative duties. 

Please send letter, CV, official transcripts, and three recommendation letters 
to Toni Furman, Administrative Secretary to the Associate Dean, 
Academic Affairs, Bloomfield College, 467 Franklin Street, Bloomfield, 
NJ 07003 or via email at Tonderlaya_Furman@bloomfeld.edu. 

Applications received by November 9, 2007 will receive full consideration. 
The position will remain open until filled. All applications will be 
acknowledged. Salary and benefits based on credentials and experience. 

Founded in 1868, Bloomfield College is an independent, four-year college 
of 2,000 students, offering programs in the liberal arts, sciences, and 
pre-professional studies. It is located 12 miles west of New York and enjoys 
commuter access to the city. The College has earned national recognition 
for its academic and co-curricular programs, its commitment to 
serve students from diverse backgrounds, and for its mission: to prepare 
students to attain academic, personal and professional excellence in a multicultural 
and global society. Bloomfield College is an equal opportunity 
employer 
that enc ourages applications from women and members of minority 
communities. [R] 

Rutgers U 

English, 360 Dr M L King, Jr Blvd Newark NJ 07102 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 981 

http://english-
newark.rutgers.edu 

The Newark campus of Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, invites 
applications from a scholar with expertise in postcolonial theory and 
literature. The ideal candidate for this tenure track Assistant Professor position 
in the English Department will have a specialists knowledge in the 
literature of South Asia and/or 
Africa. Record of publication desirable. 
The position will involve teaching on the undergraduate and graduate 
level. The distinctive features of our programs reflect the strength of the 
institution and its urban setting; for the last decade we have been designated 
the most diverse research university in the nation. Relevant University 
programs and institutes include a new M.F.A. in creative writing, and 
a new Ph.D. in American Studies, the Institute on Ethnicity, Culture and 
the Modern Experience, the Center for Global Change and Governance, 
and the Joseph C. Cornwall Center for Metropolitan Studies. 

A Ph.D. is required by September 2008. Inte rested candidates should send 
a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference by 
November 1 to: Professor Fran Bartkowski, Acting Chair, Department of 
English, Hill Hall 501, Rutgers University, Newark NJ 07102. mailto: 
franb@andromeda.rutgers.edu. Rutgers University is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
and especially welcomes applications 
from women and members of minority groups. [R] 



Rutgers U 

English, 311 N Fifth St Camden NJ 08102 

Assistant Professor of English 361 

http://camden.
rutgers.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure track, at the Camden campus of 
Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey. Primary field American literature 
with special emphasis on African American literature. Candidates 
must demonstrate potential for significant scholarship. 

The Department of English at Camden has seventeen full-time members, 
offering, in addition to an undergraduate major, a multi-track Master’s 
degree and an MFA in Creative Writing. The department also contributes 
to general education and to numerous cross-disciplinary programs including 
American Studies and Women’s Studies, so versatility is regarded 
with favor. A prospective faculty member should expect to offer graduate 
and undergraduate courses in the primary field, as well as undergraduate 
courses in secondary areas of interest. World Masterpieces (Homer 
through Dante), ethnic American literatures, creative writing, and film 
represent important current secondary needs. Teaching load and salary a 
re competitive with those at major research institutions. The position begins 
in September 2008, when the Ph.D. must be in hand. Women and 
minorities are especially encouraged to apply. 

Send curriculum vitae and a letter detailing interests in teaching, research, 
and service to Timothy Martin, Chair, Department of English, Rutgers 
University, Camden NJ 08102 by November 15. Letter and vita may be 
sent as email attachments to ryanline@camden.rutgers.edu. We will request 
dossiers and writing samples from candidates in whom we are interested 
and will interview at MLA. All applications will be acknowledged. 

Rutgers is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
[R] 

Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Associate Professor, World Anglophone Literature 694 

http://english.
rutgers.edu 

The Department of English at Rutgers University (New Brunswick- 
Piscataway) seeks to fill a position of associate professor, with tenure, in 
World Anglophone Literature, pending available funds. We seek a candidate 
with a specialization in colonial or post-colonial studies, globalization 
studies, transnational studies, comparative/multi-
lingual studies, 
and/or 
in speciific literatures of Africa, Asia, Latin America, or the Caribbean. 
No specif ic period requirements. Send application letter and 
curriculum vita postmarked no later than October 26th to Richard E. 
Miller, Chair, Department of English, Rutgers University, Murray Hall, 
510 George Street, New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1167. Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Associate or Assistant Professor, Media Studies 696 

http://english.
rutgers.edu 

The Department of English at Rutgers University (New Brunswick-Piscataway) 
is seeking an associate or assistant professor in Media Studies, 
pending the availability of funds. We envisage media studies in the broadest 
possible sense: we intend the term to include not just work on the contemporary 
moment, but also to encompass such potential areas as history 
of the book, technologies and literature, film theory, performance studies, 
visual culture, the future of literacy, web-authoring, and multi-media 
composition. Send application letter and curriculum vita postmarked no 
later than October 26th to Richard E. Miller, Chair, Department of English, 
Rutgers University, Murray Hall, 510 George Street, New Brunswick, 
NJ 08901-1167. Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
We will conduct interviews for this position at the MLA. 

Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Associate or Full Professor, American Literature 686 

http://english.
rutgers.edu 

As part of a hiring initiative funded by the Mellon Foundation, the English 
Department at Rutgers University (New Brunswick-Piscataway) 
welcomes applications from associate and full professors for a position 
in American literature. We have a particular need in the colonial period 
but will gladly consider applicants in other areas as well. Applications 
and nominations will be accepted and reviewed on a continuing basis. 
Send application letter and curriculum vita to Richard E. Miller, Chair, 
Department 
of English, Rutgers University, Murray Hall, 510 George 
Street, New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1167. Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 


New Mexico 

New Mexico SU 

English, PO Box 30001 Las Cruces NM 88003 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Professional Communication 921 

http://www.
nmsu.edu/~english/ 

Expertise in digital literacies, new media theory and production, and critical 
theories of technologies. Prefer candidate with background in some 
combination of: visual and spatial rhetorics; workplace or community 
communications; related developments in globalization or localization of 
information; multimodal interaction and application. Ph.D. and teaching 
experience required; publications preferred. All requirements for the 
Ph.D. completed by date of hire in August 2008. 

The Department of English offers the B.A. in English, the M.A. in English 
(with emphases in literature, pedagogy, and rhetoric and professional 
communication), the M.F.A. in Creative Writing, and the Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Professional Communication. All tenure-track faculty contribute 
to undergraduate and graduate programs in English and to the undergraduate 
general education program through courses in literature and writing. 

New Mexico State University is the only land-grant institution ranked by 
the Carnegie Foundation in the top research category, Research-Extensive, 
and classified as a Hispanic-serving by the federal government, with 
a minority enrollment over 48%. Home to the state’s NASA Space Grant 
Program, NMSU is located in Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, 
the farmlands of the Rio Grande Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an 
extension of the Rocky Mountain chain. 

Application screening begins October 31, 2007; position remains opens 
until f illed. Please send letter of application with current CV, writing 
sample, and dossier (with three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Patti 
Wojahn, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, MSC 3E, 
Box 30001, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM 88003. 

NMSU is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
We encourage 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

New Mexico Inst of Mining & Tech 

Humanities, 801 Leroy Pl Socorro NM 87801 

Assistant Professor 95 

http://www.
nmt.edu 

The Humanities Department at New Mexico Tech invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Technical Communication, beginning 
August 2008. An early start date of January 2008 may be available 
for qualified applicants. The successful candidate will contribute to 
a well-established Bachelors of Science program in Technical Communication. 
Teaching load is typically three courses a semester and includes 
Technical Writing, a general degree requirement for junior and senior science, 
engineering, and math majors. Requirements: PhD in Technical or 



Professional Communication or Rhetoric and Composition by August 1, 
2007; two years experience teaching at the college level as well as evidence 
of excellence in this endeavor; evidence of scholarly potential. Preference 
will be given to candidates with research interests in digital media 
and/or 
editing who can demonstrate experience with incorporating critical 
technologies in their pedagogy. To apply, send a lette r of application, 
c.v., statement of teaching philosophy, and contact information for three 
references to Human Resources, 801 Leroy Pl., Socorro, NM 87801. 

New York 

Adelphi U 

English, South Av Garden City NY 11530 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Fiction 551 

http://www.
adelphi.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Creative Writing, Fiction. Requirements: 
MA, MFA, or PhD; significant publications and ability to teach 
literature from diverse perspectives. Successful candidate will teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in MFA program, including writing 
workshops, surveys, seminars, composition. 18-credit teaching load with 
possibility for release time. Please apply online with letter of application 
and c.v at: www.adelphi.edu/positions/
faculty. We will begin considering 
applications on November 12 and continue until position is filled. 

All appointments are subject to final approval by the Board of Trustees. 
Adelphi University is committed to building a diverse faculty and strongly 
encourages applications from minority and women candidates. Adelphi 
University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Columbia U 

Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race, 1130 Amsterdam Avenue 
New York NY 10027 

Associate Professor or Professor 52 

http://www.
columbia.edu/cu/
cser/ 

The Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race at Columbia University 
invites applications for the position of tenured Associate Professor or 
Professor in an Arts and Sciences Department that will be the candidate’s 
tenure home. CSER is currently engaged in a redefinition of its intellectual 
direction; this senior scholar will play an active role in consolidating 
this effort. Areas of expertise are open though candidates with a disciplinary 
background either in the historically oriented social sciences, in 
critical theory or in the humanities are especially sought. The Center is 
committed to developing a research and pedagogical agenda that is simultaneously 
attuned to conceptual innovation and political relevance. Research 
in areas such as ethnicity and intellectual property rights; trauma, 
historicity and race; ethnography, embodied practice, and race; frontiers, 
borders and boundaries; sovereign power, governmental power and racial 
formation; geographies of inequali ty and race; and immigration, public 
sphere and public space are some possible examples. CSER is home to 
three undergraduate majors: Comparative Ethnic Studies, Asian American 
Studies and Latino/a 
Studies. Candidates are not required to have their 
primary research site in the United States, but their research and teaching 
interests must be relevant for students working on the United States. 
PhD required. Application deadline is November 30, 2007. Please send 
cover letter, CV, list of referees and writing sample to Claudio Lomnitz, 
Chair/CSER 
Senior Search Committee/422 
Hamilton Hall MC 2880/ 
Columbia 
University/1130 
Amsterdam Avenue/NY, 
NY 10027. Columb 
ia University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
Minorities 
and women are encouraged to apply. 

Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 
10027 

Assistant Professor 692 

http://www.
columbia.edu/cu/
english 

We invite applications for an entry-level professorship in the f ield of 
drama, theatre, performance, and/or 
media studies. We are seeking candidates 
committed to teaching dramatic texts, history, and theory in 
the modern period (broadly construed but not including early modern 
drama), but we welcome applications from those whose work cuts across 
fields and disciplines. The Ph.D. must be completed by July 2008. Beyond 
teaching in the field of specialization, the successful candidate will also 
teach two courses a year in Columbia’s core curriculum, typically Literature 
Humanities. Applications should be postmarked by October 31st, 
2007. Send cover letter, cv, and dossier only to: Chair, Search Committee, 
Department of English and Comparative Literature, Columbia University, 
602 Philosophy Hall, MC 4927, 1150 Amsterdam Avenue, New 
York, NY 10027. 

Columbia University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Assistant Professor of Twentieth-­Century British Literature 653 

http://www.
arts.cornell.edu/english/ 


The Cornell English Department invites applications and nominations for 
a tenure-track assistant professorship in twentieth-century 
British literature. 
Please send a letter of application, vita, dossier, dissertation abstract 
and brief writing sample to the Department of English, 256 Goldwin 
Smith Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. Review of applications 
begins October 15, 2007. Deadline: November 1, 2007. Please 
do not fax applications. Cornell is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Advanced Associate or Full Professor, African-American Literature 656 

http://www.
arts.cornell.edu/english/ 


The Cornell Department of English invites applications and nominations 
for a full-time tenure-track Advanced Associate or Full Professorship. 
We require a primary commitment to teaching, publishing, and directing 
research in African-American literature and culture. Position begins 
August 2008. Please send a letter of application, c.v., dossier, and writing 
sample to African-American Search Committee, Department of English, 
256 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. 
Applications will be considered upon receipt. Deadline: November 15. 
Cornell is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
[R] 

Daemen C 

English, 4380 Main St Amherst NY 14226 

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 600 

http://www.
daemen.edu 

Tenure-track Composition appointment to coordinate writing program 
beginning in Fall 2008. Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
and evidence 
of strong undergraduate teaching required. Duties include designing/ 
teaching 
freshman and advanced composition (3/3 
load); managing 
OWL; overseeing composition program; supervising developmental instruction; 
conducting assessment. Opportunity exists for expansion of 
writing program. Secondary specialty in a non-traditional area (e.g., mass 
media, non-western literature), experience with learning communities/ 



integrated 
learning models, and/or 
administrative experience in a writing 
program strongly preferred. Candidates must have ability and desire to 
work with ethnically, culturally, and socioeconomically diverse student 
population. DC is an AA/EO 
employer 
and is committed to a diverse 
workplace. Women and people of color are encouraged to apply. Please 
address letter and c.v. to Dr. Shirley Peterson, Chair, English Department, 
and submit both electronically to personnel@daemen.edu. [R] 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

The Rev. John Boyd S.J. Chair 931 

http://www.
fordham.edu/english 


The Rev. John Boyd S.J. Chair honors the distinguished Jesuit scholar and 
teacher who centered his scholarship, literary criticism, and teaching upon 
an investigation of the poetic imagination and its relation to life. Fordham 
University invites applications from senior scholars, poet-scholars, or 
poet-critics whose work addresses the history of poetry and poetics, as 
well as the relations between poetry and philosophy and/or 
poetry and 
theology. Review of applications will begin on October 15. We prefer 
submission of materials in both hard and electronic versions. Please send 
letter, cv, and the names of three references to Boyd Chair Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, Fordham University 10458 and to boydsearch@ 
fordham.edu [R] 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature 932 

http://www.
fordham.edu/english 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature, beginning fall 
2008 at Fordham University’s Lincoln Center campus in Manhattan. The 
department especially welcomes applicants whose specializations include 
theory, the novel, and/or 
cultural studies. We prefer submission of materials 
in both hard and electronic versions. Please send letter, CV, and 
dissertation abstract only by November 1 to Victorian Search Committee, 
Department of English, Fordham University, Bronx, New York 10458- 
9993 and to vicsearch@fordham.edu. Fordham is an independent, Catholic 
university in the Jesuit tradition and welcomes applications from men 
and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Assistant Professor of Restoration and/or 
18th-­century lit. 935 

http://www.
fordham.edu/english 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Restoration and/or 
18th-century 
literature, 
beginning fall 2008 at Fordham University’s Rose Hill (Bronx) 
campus. We are interested in excellence of many kinds, but we particularly 
welcome applicants with expertise in one or more of the following: 
post-colonial theory, poetry, non-fiction prose, gender studies. We prefer 
submission of materials in both hard and electronic versions. Please send 
letter, CV, and dissertation abstract only by November 1 to 18thc. Search 
Committee, Department of English, Fordham University, Bronx, New 
York 10458-9993 and to ecsearch@fordham.edu. Fordham is an independent, 
Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition and welcomes applications 
from men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an affirmative action/
equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

Hartwick C 

English & Theatre Arts, 1 Hartwick Dr Oneonta NY 13820 

Assistant Professor of English 331 

http://www.
hartwick.edu/x564.
xml 

Assistant professor, tenure-track position (pending final administrative 
approval) in modern and postmodern American fiction, beginning Fall 
2008. We seek a Ph. D. in English with expertise in cultural studies (African 
American, U.S. ethnic, & gender studies) and a working knowledge 
of literary theory, evidence of excellence in teaching, and evidence and/ 
or 
promise of scholarship. Teaching responsibilities averaging 20 semester 
hour credits per year include American literature surveys, composition, 
interdisciplinary seminars, upper-level topics courses, and senior project 
supervision. Candidates should have a strong commitment to teaching 
in the undergraduate liberal arts context. Applicants should submit letter 
of application, c.v., and names of three references to Thomas Travisano, 
English Search Committee Chair, Hartwick College, One Hartwick 
Drive, Oneonta, NY 13820. Include e-mail address for acknowledgment. 
Applications accepted until position is filled, but th ose received 
by November 16, 2007, will receive first consideration. Interviews will 
be conducted at the MLA Convention. The College permits shared positions, 
so partners may apply individually or for one shared appointment. 
The College offers health benefits to domestic partners of employees and 
prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation/preference 
and 
gender identity/expression. 
Hartwick College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer, 
and members of underrepresented groups are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Hobart & William Smith Colleges 

English & Comp Lit, Geneva NY 14456 

Assistant Professor, Renaissance Position, Department of English and 
Comparative Literature 140 

http://hws.
edu 

The Department of English and Comparative Literature at Hobart and 
William Smith Colleges invites applications for a full-time, Assistant Professor, 
tenure track in Shakespeare and Renaissance Studies. 

Candidates will be expected to teach specialty courses in Shakespeare and 
other renaissance authors. We encourage strong theoretical orientation in 
literary, artistic, social and cultural perspectives, including the developing 
global and multicultural perspectives of the period. 

The teaching load is five courses per year, one or two of which would be 
sections of the introductory course to the English major. The Colleges 
have a generous junior leave and sabbatical policy. 

We seek broad competencies that will allow our candidates to work with 
faculty from other departments in our general curriculum and to cross list 
courses with our interdisciplinary programs (see catalogue; these include, 
for example, Womens Studies, European Studies, and Environmental 
Studies). PhD should be in hand or to be completed by July 2008. 

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: 

DEADLINE: Applications must be postmarked by: November 16th, 
2008 

Applications should include a cover letter, C.V., graduate transcript, and 
three letters of recommendation. Send applications to: 

Renaissance Position, c/o 
Department of English and Comparative Literature, 
Hobart and William Smith Colleges, Geneva, N.Y. 14456 

EOE 

Hobart and William Smith Colleges are committed to attracting and 
supporting a faculty and staff of women and men that fully represent the 
racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity of the nation and actively seek applications 
from under-represented groups. 

The Colleges do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, 
marital status, national origin, age, disability, veteran’s status, or sexual 
orientation or any other protected status. [R] 



Hofstra U 

English, 1000 Hempstead Tpk Hempstead NY 11549 

Associate or full Professor in Writing Studies and Composition 464 

http://www.
hofstra.edu 

Associate or Full Professor in Writing Studies and Composition: Hofstra 
University seeks an innovative writing specialist to join a faculty committed 
to the dynamic development and growth of a Department of Writing 
Studies and Composition to open in fall 2008. We invite applications for 
a position at the rank of associate or full professor from candidates with 
primary specializations in WAC/WID 
theory and programs and/or 
writing 
center pedagogy. Hofstra is a private university located in the greater 
New York City area and offering bachelors degrees in 140 programs of 
study and advanced degrees, certificates, and professional diplomas in 150 
graduate programs of study. The regular teaching load is 9 hours for each 
of two semesters, but Hofstras AAUP contract provides research leaves as 
well as released time for research. Please send a letter of application (including 
statement of teaching approach), curriculum vitae, dossier and 
writing sample by November 5 to: Dr. Jose ph Fichtelberg, Chair, Department 
of English and Freshman Composition, Hofstra University, Hempstead, 
NY 11549. We ask that, in addition to mailing those hard-copy 
items, applicants email an electronic copy of writing samples (in Word 
DOC or PDF) to Gloria Hoovert at Gloria.J.Hoovert@hofstra.edu 

Hofstra University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to fostering 
diversity in its faculty, administrative staff and student body, and 
encourages applications from the entire spectrum of a diverse community. 

Hofstra U 

English, 1000 Hempstead Tpk Hempstead NY 11549 

Assistant Professors in Writing Studies and Composition 465 

http://www.
hofstra.edu 

Assistant Professors in Writing Studies and Composition: Hofstra University 
seeks innovative writing specialists to join a faculty committed to the 
dynamic development and growth of a Department of Writing Studies 
and Composition to open in fall 2008. We invite applications for tenure-
track positions at the rank of assistant professor from candidates with 
primary specializations in WAC/WID 
theory and programs and with secondary 
interests in one or more of the following areas: technical and science 
writing, classical and modern rhetoric, new writing technologies and 
media, writing center pedagogy, or writing assessment. Ph.D. in composition 
or literature must be completed by time of appointment. Hofstra is a 
private university located in the greater New York City area and offering 
bachelors degrees in 140 programs of study and advanced degrees, certificates, 
and professional diplomas in 150 graduate programs of study. The 
regular teaching load is 9 hours for each of two semesters, but Hofstras 
AAUP contract provides tenure-track faculty with released time for research. 
Please send a letter of application (including statement of teaching 
approach), curriculum vitae, dossier and writing sample by November 5 
to: Dr. Joseph Fichtelberg, Chair, Department of English and Freshman 
Composition, Hofstra University, Hempstead, NY 11549. 

We ask that, in addition to mailing those hard-copy items, applicants 
email an electronic copy of their writing samples (in Word DOC or PDF) 
to Gloria Hoovert at Gloria.J.Hoovert@hofstra.edu 

Hofstra University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed to fostering 
diversity in its faculty, administ rative staff and student body, and 
encourages applications from the entire spectrum of a diverse community. 

Hunter C, CUNY 

English, 695 Park Av New York NY 10065 

Assistant Professor of English 500 

http://www.
hunter.cuny.edu/~english/ 

Modern and Contemporary Drama 

The English Department of Hunter College invites applications for a tenure-
track appointment to teach and to publish scholarship in modern and 
contemporary drama. Areas of particular interest include: world, British, 
and American drama; theatre history, performance theory, gender, postcolonial, 
transnational, multicultural, and comparative approaches. Candidates 
should also be able to teach in other genres, such as fiction, poetry, 
literary criticism, and cultural studies. This appointment is at the Assistant 
Professor rank and starts fall of 2008. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand 
by the starting date. The salary range is $38,801-$71,732, commensurate 
with experience. We are seeking candidates who have a strong commitment 
to teaching undergraduate and graduate students from diverse cultural 
backgrounds and who show excellent scholarly potential. Please 
submit a letter describing research and teaching interests, CV, writing samp 
le, and three letters of recommendation by November 1, 2007 to Professor 
Barbara Webb, Chair of the Drama Search Committee, Department 
of English, 1212W, Hunter College, CUNY, 695 Park Ave, New York, 
NY 10065. Hunter College is an EO/AA/
ADA/IRCA 
employer. 
We are 
strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. 

Hunter C, CUNY 

English, 695 Park Av New York NY 10065 

Assistant Professor of English 498 

http://www.
hunter.cuny.edu/~english/ 

Composition and Rhetoric 

The English Department of Hunter College invites applications for a tenure-
track appointment to teach and to publish scholarship in Composition 
and Rhetoric. We are especially interested in a rhetoric and composition 
theory specialist, with interests in linguistics and the history of the English 
language. This appointment is at the Assistant Professor rank and starts 
fall of 2008. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand by the starting date. 
The salary range is $38,801-$71,732, commensurate with experience. 
We are seeking candidates who have a strong commitment to teaching 
undergraduate and graduate students from diverse cultural backgrounds 
and who show excellent scholarly potential. Please submit a letter describing 
research and teaching interests, CV, writing sample, and three letters 
of recommendation by November 1, 2007 to Professor Trudy Smoke, 
Chair of the Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, Department 
of English, 1212W, Hunter College, CUNY, 695 Park Ave, New York, 
NY 10065. Hunter College is an EO/AA/
ADA/IRCA 
employer. 
We are 
strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural diversity. 

Hunter C, CUNY 

English, 695 Park Av New York NY 10065 

Assistant Professor of English 504 

http://www.
hunter.cuny.edu/~english/ 

Renaissance/Early 
Modern British literature, 1500–1800 

The English Department of Hunter College invites applications for a 
tenure-track appointment to teach and to publish scholarship in Renaissance/
Early 
Modern British literature, broadly conceived as covering poetry 
and prose, including womens literature, from 1500–1800. Areas of 
particular interest include colonial, transatlantic, comparative, interdisciplinary, 
and post-modern approaches; nation, race, gender, class, British 
and indigenous encounters. This appointment is at the Assistant Professor 
rank and starts fall of 2008. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand by the 
starting date. The salary range is $38,801-$71,732, commensurate with 
experience. We are seeking candidates who have a strong commitment 
to teaching undergraduate and graduate students from diverse cultural 
backgrounds and who show excellent scholarly potential. Please submit 
a letter describing research and teaching interests, CV, writing sam ple, 
and three letters of recommendation by November 1, 2007 to Professor 
Cristina Alfar, Chair of the Renaissance/Early 
Modern Search Committee, 
Department of English, 1212W, Hunter College, CUNY, 695 Park 
Ave, New York, NY 10065. Hunter College is an EO/AA/
ADA/IRCA 
employer. 
We are strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. 



Hunter C, CUNY 

English, 695 Park Av New York NY 10065 

Assistant Professor of English 837 

http://www.
hunter.cuny.edu/~english/ 

Shakespeare 

The Hunter College, CUNY Department of English invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position to teach and to publish 
scholarship in Shakespeare and Renaissance drama. Areas of particular interest 
include textual studies, visual and material culture, performance, 
early modern notions of subjectivity and authorship, controversies over 
gender, race, empire, and national identity. The position is at the Assistant 
Professor rank and begins in the fall of 2008. Applicants must have 
a Ph.D. in hand by the starting date. We are seeking candidates with a 
strong commitment to teaching undergraduate and graduate students from 
diverse cultural backgrounds and who show excellent scholarly potential. 
The salary rate is $38,801-$71,732, commensurate with experience. Please 
submit a letter describing research and teaching interests and a dossier, including 
a CV, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation by 
Nov 1, 2007 to Professor Cri stina Alfar, Chair of the Shakespeare Search 
Committee, Department of English, Hunter College, CUNY, 695 Park 
Ave, New York NY 10065. Hunter College is an EO/AA/
ADA/IRCA 
employer. 
We are strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. 

Ithaca C 

English, 953 Danby Rd, 303 Muller Faculty Ctr Ithaca NY 14850 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor-African American Literature 212 

http://www.
icjobs.org 

Ithaca College’s Department of English invites applications for a tenureeligible 
position in African-American literature at the Assistant or Associate 
level (with a shortened probationary period at the Associate level), to 
begin August 16, 2008. In addition to teaching African American literature 
courses at the undergraduate level, the successful candidate will have 
the opportunity to teach courses in African American and/or 
multicultural 
literature to graduate students in our MAT program. PhD in English 
or related field required; however, ABD candidates who have made 
significant progress towards completion of the degree are also strongly encouraged 
to apply. Teaching experience preferred. 

Interested individuals are encouraged to apply online at www.icjobs.org, 
and attach a cover letter and a vita. The College is committed to building 
a culturally diverse educational environment. Applicants are requested to 
include in their cover letter information about how they wi ll further this 
goal. Under separate cover, please send a writing sample and arrange for 
three (3) letters of reference to be sent to: Claire Gleitman, Chair, Department 
of English, Ithaca College, 309 Muller Center, Ithaca, NY 14850. 
Questions about online the application may be directed to the Office of 
Human Resources at (607) 274-1207. Review of materials will begin immediately 
and will continue until the position is filled. Interviews will be 
held at the MLA Convention in Chicago (December 2007). 

Ithaca College is an equal opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action Employer. 
Members of underrepresented groups (including people of color, persons 
with disabilities, military veterans and women) are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Long Island U 

English, 1 University Plz Brooklyn NY 11201 

Assistant Professor, English, Professional Writing 514 

http://www.
brooklyn.liu.edu/depts/
English/ 

The English Department at the Brooklyn campus of Long Island University 
anticipates, pending budget approval, a September 2008 opening for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor in PROFESSIONAL AND TECHNICAL 
WRITING. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in either Professional 
and Technical Communication or Rhetoric and Composition, or a terminal 
degree in a closely related field. We are seeking a colleague who 
can teach a broad range of professional writing courses. The department 
is developing a new concentration in Professional Writing with a Masters 
degree and a certificate in the field. All faculty are expected to teach 
composition as well as advanced undergraduate and graduate courses. The 
position requires nine credit-hours of teaching per semester, research and 
publication, and active service to the University. 

Long Island University is a private, non-sectarian university located in the 
heart of revitalized downtown Brooklyn. The Brooklyn campus is home 
to 11,000 students and serves an ethnically and economically diverse population. 
Assistant Professors start at $59,265. 

Review of applications begins November 1, 2007. Please submit letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, and a statement 
of teaching philosophy to: Sealy Gilles, Chair, English Department, Long 
Island University, One University Plaza, Brooklyn, NY 11201. 

LIU is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
The English 
Department has a strong commitment to pro moting diversity: women 
and persons of color are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

New York U 

English, 19 Univ Pl, Rm 200 New York NY 10003 

Assistant Professor 180 

http://www.
nyu.edu 

Late 18th-/Early 19th-Century 
British Literature 

Arts and Science 

The Department of English in the Faculty of Arts and Science at New 
York University invites applications for a tenure-track position at the 
rank of Assistant Professor to start September 1, 2008, pending final administrative 
and budgetary approval. We seek a scholar with expertise in 
British Romanticism who is engaged with current developments—historiographic 
and methodological—in the broader field of Britain’s long 
eighteenth century. The successful candidate will demonstrate scholarly 
excellence and a commitment to both graduate and undergraduate teaching, 
and must have the PhD in hand by July 1, 2008. 

Please send letter of application, CV, and (under separate cover) three letters 
of recommendation by November 1, 2007, to: Junior Faculty Search 
Committee, Department of English, Faculty of Arts and Science, New 
York University, 13–19 University Place, 5th Floor, New York, NY 
10003. All applications will be acknowledged. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmation 
Action Employer 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 326 

http://www.
qc.edu/english 


We seek applications for a tenure-track position in Early American Literature 
to start in Fall 2008. We seek a specialist in any period of American 
Literature from the beginning to 1865, and are especially interested in 
candidates who focus on one of the following: Colonial American Literature; 
American Poetry; 18th-19th century African American literature; 
Native American Literature; the Black Atlantic; diaspora studies. Continued 
research and publication expected, and ability to teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses. PhD required at time of appointment as well 
as demonstrated excellence in scholarship and teaching. Salary range 
$38,801-$67,902 commensurate with experience. Excellent benefits. Send 
letter of application, vita, and dossier with at least three current letters by 
November 30, 2007 to: Nancy R. Comley, Chair, Department of English, 
Queens College, CUNY, Flushing, NY 11367. AA/EOE/
ADA [R] 



Rochester Inst of Tech 

English, 92 Lomb Memorial Dr Rochester NY 14623 

Assistant Professor of English 848 

http://www.
english.rit.edu/ 

The English Department is seeking a teacher and scholar with a specialization 
in literature and science for a tenure-track position. We are 
particularly interested in applicants with expertise in the conjunction of 
literary forms and scientific knowledge and will consider any historical 
focus from the Early Modern Period to the Present. We seek candidates 
who approach literature and science with fresh critical and theoretical 
perspectives, revisionist insights, and recognition of the complexity of 
cultural formations. Given the technological context of RIT, we welcome 
research interests in electronic literatures, new media, and the history of 
technology. The teaching load for new faculty is two courses per quarter 
and includes an opportunity to develop courses in our proposed science 
writing degree program. Ph.D. is required by the date of appointment. 

The Rochester Institute of Technology is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer. 
Members of protected c lasses and individuals 
with the ability to contribute in meaningful ways to the university’s 
continuing commitment to cultural diversity, pluralism, and individual 
differences are encouraged to make application. Deadline: November 9, 
2007. Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier to Dr. 
Sandra Saari, Search Committee Chair, College of Liberal Arts, Rochester 
Institute of Technology, 92 Lomb Memorial Drive, Rochester, NY 
14623-5604. A specific online application is also required: apply online 
at https://mycareer.rit.edu and search for IRC#10453 where you submit 
a letter of interest; a vita; a statement of your experience with a nd interest 
in cultural diversity; and the names, addresses and phone numbers for 
three references. [R] 

SU of New York, U at Albany 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor 629 

http://www.
albany.edu/english/ 


The Department of English of the University at Albany (SUNY) invites 
applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in early nineteenth century 
British literature, with emphasis on poetry. Evidence of successful 
teaching and significant scholarly potential is expected. Candidates should 
also have a demonstrated ability to work with and instruct a culturally 
diverse group of people. Ph.D. by time of employment from a university 
accredited by a U.S. Department of Education internationally recognized 
accrediting organization is required. Send letter of application, c.v., dossier 
of letters of reference, and a writing sample of no more than 30 pages, 
postmarked by November 9, 2007. Apply to Professor Helen Elam, English 
Department, HU 333, University at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue, 
Albany, NY 12222. The University at Albany is an EO/AA/
IRCA/ 
ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York, U at Albany 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor 628 

http://www.
albany.edu/english/ 


The Department of English at the University of Albany invites applications 
for a tenure-track position in creative writing and literature at the 
rank of Assistant Professor to begin August 2008. We seek a poet interested 
in working in an active undergraduate literature and writing program, 
and in a graduate program leading to an M.A. and a doctorate that 
can include creative writing. The candidate is also expected to make substantial 
contributions to the creation and editing of a new literary magazine 
(with both online and print elements). Candidates with additional 
teaching interests in contemporary U.S. ethnic literatures and/or 
world 
literatures are especially welcome, as are those who can teach in genres 
other than poetry (fiction, creative nonfiction, drama). Candidates should 
possess a Ph.D. from a university accredited by the U.S. Department of 
Education internationally recognized accrediting organization, although 
an appropriate advanced degree and evidence of substantial professional 
experience and achievement in creative writing may substitute for the 
Ph.D. Evidence of successful teaching and significant scholarly potential 
is expected. Candidates should also have a demonstrated ability to work 
with and instruct a culturally diverse group of people. Send letter of application, 
c.v., dossier of letters of reference, and a writing sample of no more 
than 30 pages, postmarked by November 9, 2007 to Pierre Joris, Chair, 
Search Committee, English Department, HU 333, University at Albany, 
1400 Washington Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. The University at Albany 
is an EO/AA/
IRCA/ADA 
employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Associate or Assistant Professor in Renaissance/Early 
Modern British 
Literature 560 

http://www.
ubjobs.buffalo.edu 

1 Associate or 1 tenure-track Assistant Professor in Renaissance/Early 
Modern British Literature (c. 1450–1700), start Fall 2008. Candidates, 
typically holding the Ph.D., should bring fresh perspectives to the study 
and teaching of Renaissance/Early 
Modern Literature at both the undergraduate 
and the MA/Ph.
D graduate levels. Teaching load (2/2), 
salary, benefits, and privileges competitive with other Research I-AAU 
universities. Submit letter of application, CV, and a list of recommenders 
electronically at www.ubjobs.buffalo.edu under Department of English, 
Renaissance/Early 
Modern. Applications submitted by November 1, 
2007 will receive the fullest consideration; preliminary interviews to be 
held at MLA. The University at Buffalo is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance/Early 
Modern British Literature 564 

http://www.
ubjobs.buffalo.edu 

1 tenure-track Assistant Professor in Renaissance/Early 
Modern British 
Literature (c. 1450–1700), start Fall 2008. Candidates, typically holding or 
about to be granted the Ph.D., should bring fresh perspectives to the study 
and teaching of Renaissance /Early Modern Literature at both the undergraduate 
and the MA/Ph.
D. graduate research levels. Teaching load (2/2), 
salary, benefits, and privileges competitive with other Research I-AAU 
universities. Submit letter of application, CV, and a list of recommenders 
electronically at www.ubjobs.buffalo.edu under Department of English, 
Renaissance/Early 
Modern. Applications submitted by November 1, 
2007 will receive the fullest consideration; preliminary interviews will be 
held at MLA. The University at Buffalo is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

SU of New York, U at Buffalo 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

Associate/Full 
Professor of English 106 

http://www.
ubjobs.buffalo.edu 

The University at Buffalo seeks a poet at the senior level who will bring 
fresh perspectives to the study of poetry and poetics as demonstrated by a 
record of writing and teaching interests appropriate to undergraduate and 
PhD mentoring and instruction. Teaching load 2/2, 
salary, benefits, and 
privileges competitive with other Research I-AAU universities. Preference 
given to applications received by October 15. Please submit letter of 
application, CV, and a list of recommenders electronically at www.ubjobs. 
buffalo.edu. posting #0601592. UB is an affirmation action/equal 
opportunity 
employer; 
women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 



SU of New York, Buffalo SC 

English, 1300 Elmwood Av, Ketchum Hall 326 Buffalo NY 14222 

American Literature Twentieth Century 897 

http://www.
buffalostate.edu/english/ 


American Literature Twentieth Century, Assistant Professor of English, 
tenure-track, beginning January, 2008. Required qualifications include 
a Ph.D. in American literature or related discipline with dissertation and 
research interests in an area of twentieth-century 
American literature; 
ability to teach literary and critical theory and survey courses in American 
literature; potential for excellence in teaching, scholarly research and publication; 
and commitment to the college mission, vision, and values. Preferred 
qualifications include college-level teaching experience, expertise 
in postmodern American literature and ethnic American literature. 

For more information and application deadline, see Jobs at: www 
.buffalostate.
edu/off 
ices/hr. Buffalo State College is an Aff irmative 
Action/
Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York, C at Cortland 

English, PO Box 2000 Cortland NY 13045 

Assistant Professor of English 808 

http://jobs.
cortland.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=51218 

Available August 2008, tenure-track Assistant Professor position in modern 
and contemporary British and Anglophone literatures. Additional 
competence in postcolonial and transnational studies encouraged. 3–3 
teaching load includes introductory, advanced, and graduate courses as 
well as British literature survey. Ph.D by the time of appointment, record 
of teaching excellence, and evidence of scholarly potential required. 
Please submit an online employment application at https://jobs.cortland 
.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=51218 and attach a letter of application, 
cv and three letters of recommendation. Applications will be considered 
until the position is filled; however, for full consideration, application 
must be postmarked by November 1, 2007. 

The State University of New York College at Cortland hosts approximately 
7000 students and offers bachelor’s and master’s degrees. Twenty 
miles northeast of Ithaca and thirty miles south of Syracuse, the college is 
located in a county of 45,000 near the Finger Lakes region of central New 
York. SUNY Cortland is an AA/EEO/
ADA employer. 
We have a strong 
commitment to the affirmation of diversity and have interdisciplinary degree 
programs in the area of Multicultural Studies. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Cortland 

English, PO Box 2000 Cortland NY 13045 

Assistant Professor of English 795 

http://jobs.
cortland.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=51218 

Tenure-track Old English/Medieval 
Literature position with rank of Assistant 
Professor beginning fall semester 2008. In addition to courses in 
Old and Middle English and History of the English Language, candidates 
will be expected to teach survey courses in British Literature before 
1800. Responsibilities will include teaching courses from the introductory 
to the master’s level. Desirable ancillary skills include the ability to 
teach Shakespeare and/or 
a background in teacher education. Applicants 
must have their PhD or attain it by August 31, 2008. Please submit an 
on-line employment application at http://jobs.
cortland.edu/applicants/ 
Central?quickFind=51218 and attach a letter of application, cv and three 
letters of recommendation. Review of application material will continue 
until the position is filled. The State University of New York College 
at Cortland hosts approximately 7000 students and offers bachelor’s and 
master’s degrees. Twenty miles northeast of Ith aca and thirty miles south 
of Syracuse, the college is located in a county of 45,000 near the Finger 
Lakes region of central New York. SUNY Cortland is an AA/EEO/
ADA 
employer. 
We have a strong commitment to the affirmation of diversity 
and have interdisciplinary degree programs in the area of Multicultural 
Studies. [R] 

SU of New York, Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor of British literature 545 

http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm 

The SUNY Fredonia Department of English invites applications for a position 
as a full-time (3/4 
load), tenure-track assistant professor specializing 
in nineteenth-century 
British literature. Secondary expertise in Anglophone 
literature desirable. Candidates demonstrating ability to contribute 
courses beyond their primary area of specialization for a writing minor 
or for an undergraduate major with a strong world literature emphasis are 
especially welcome. Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Review of 
applications begins October 16, 2007. Refer to the Human Resources 
website at SUNY Fredonia for details about the position and required application 
materials (http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty 
.htm). SUNY Fredonia prides itself on an outstanding workforce. To 
support organizational excellence, the university conducts background 
screens on applicants. SUNY Fredonia is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
that actively seeks and encourages a pplications from 
minorities, women, and people with disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York, Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor of British literature 543 

http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm 

The SUNY Fredonia Department of English invites applications for a 
position as a full-time (3/4 
load), tenure-track assistant professor specializing 
in British literature of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. 
Candidates demonstrating ability to contribute courses beyond their 
primary area of specialization for a writing minor or for an undergraduate 
major with a strong world literature emphasis are especially welcome. 
Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Review of applications begins 
October 16, 2007. Refer to the Human Resources website at SUNY 
Fredonia for details about the position and required application materials 
(http://www.
fredonia.edu/humanresources/
faculty.htm). SUNY Fredonia 
prides itself on an outstanding workforce. To support organizational 
excellence, the university conducts background screens on applicants. 
SUNY Fredonia is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer 
that 
actively seeks and encourages applications from minorities, women, and 
people with disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Geneseo 

English, 1 College Cir Geneseo NY 14454 

Assistant Professor of English 118 

http://www.
geneseo.edu/ 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track, 18th-Century 
British Literature. The 3/ 
3 
teaching load will include courses in the specialization, other literature 
courses, interdisciplinary humanities surveys, and writing-across-thecurriculum 
courses. Ph.D. required by 9/1/
08. Evidence of teaching excellence 
and promise of publication required. 

To apply, submit an online faculty application by November 5, 2007 at 
http://jobs.
geneseo.edu and attach a cover letter and c.v. If you have questions, 
contact Richard Finkelstein (finkelst@geneseo.edu). 

SUNY Geneseo is a highly selective public liberal arts college. It is located 
in the western Finger Lakes, about 30 miles south of Rochester, a 
lively city in upstate New York. With 23 full-time members, the English 
Department at Geneseo is home to a diverse faculty with a tradition of 
excellence in scholarship and teaching. 



SUNY Geneseo is an aff irmative action/equal 
opportunity employer 
committed to recruiting, supporting, and fostering a diverse community 
of outstanding faculty, staff, and students. [R] 

SU of New York 

English, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature 577 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu/hr/
displayjobdetails.cfm?id=806 

Primary teaching responsibilities will include advanced undergraduate 
and graduate courses in Victorian literature, part 2 of an undergraduate 
English literature survey (Restoration through the present), and one or 
more 100-or 200-level general education courses offered by the English 
Department. 

PhD in English with specialization in Victorian literature (or ABD with 
degree conferral no later than 8/08) 
is required. We seek candidates with 
a strong commitment to excellent teaching and serious scholarship. 

Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts (official transcripts are not 
required at this point), three letters of recommendation, writing sample 
(chapter or article), and one-page statement of teaching philosophy to: 

Nancy Johnson, Chair, Victorianist Search, English Department, SUNY 
New Paltz, 600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY 12561-2440. (Please note 
search # F07–06 on all materials submitted). 

Deadline: November 1, 2007 

SUNY New Paltz is an AA/EOE/
ADA employer 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor—Open Specialization 567 

Primary teaching responsibilities will include a survey in English or 
American literature, advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in 
f ield of specialization, and some of the following general education 
courses: Composition, Honors English, Analysis and Interpretation, Great 
Books—Western Literature, Great Books—Asian Literature, Women in 
Literature, American Women Writers of the Twentieth Century, The 
Novel, Short Story, The Bible, and Ethnic Literature of the United States. 

Qualifications: PhD in English or Comparative Literature. Area of specialization 
is open. We seek candidates with a strong commitment to excellent 
teaching and serious scholarship. 

Contact Information: Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts (official 
transcripts are not required at this point), three letters of recommendation, 
writing sample (chapter or article), and one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy to: 

Stella Deen, Chair, Open Specialization Search, English Department, 
SUNY New Paltz, 600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY 12561-2440. (Please 
note search # F07–09 on all materials submitted). 

Deadline: October 10, 2007 

SUNY New Paltz is an AA/EOE/
ADA employer 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of English Romantic Literature 581 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu/hr/
displayjobdetails.cfm?id=808 

Primary teaching responsibilities will include advanced undergraduate 
and graduate courses in English Romantic literature, part 2 of an undergraduate 
English literature survey (Restoration through the present), and 
one or more 100-or 200-level general education courses offered by the 
English Department. 

PhD in English with specialization in English Romanticism (or ABD 
with degree conferral no later than 8/08) 
is required. We seek candidates 
with a strong commitment to excellent teaching and serious scholarship. 

Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts (official transcripts are not 
required at this point), three letters of recommendation, writing sample 
(chapter or article), and one-page statement of teaching philosophy to: 

Daniel Kempton, Chair, Romanticist Search, English Department, 
SUNY New Paltz, 600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY 12561-2440. (Please 
note search # F07–07 on all materials submitted). 

Deadline: November 1, 2007 

SUNY New Paltz is an AA/EOE/
ADA employer [R] 

SU of New York 

English, 600 Hawk Drive New Paltz NY 12561 

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 573 

http://www.
newpaltz.edu/hr/
displayjobdetails.cfm?id=810 

Duties: Teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Rhetoric and Composition 
and contribute to the Composition Program. 

Qualifications: PhD in English with specialization in Composition and 
Rhetoric/Composition 
Studies. Secondary area of expertise in literary 
theory OR the history of the English language is desirable. Candidates 
should have training and experience in the teaching of college writing. 
We seek candidates with a strong commitment to excellent teaching and 
serious scholarship. Administrative experience is also desirable. 

Contact Information: Please send letter, vita, graduate transcripts, three 
letters of recommendation, writing sample (chapter or article), one-page 
statement of teaching philosophy, and sample syllabi to: 

Pauline Uchmanowicz, Chair, Composition Search, English Department, 
SUNY New Paltz, 600 Hawk Drive, New Paltz, NY 12561-2440. (Please 
note search # F07–08 on all materials submitted). 

Deadline: November 1, 2007 

SUNY New Paltz is an AA/EOE/
ADA employer 
[R] 

SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU 

English, 101 Broad St Champlain Valley Hall, Rm 103 Plattsburgh NY 
12901 

Assistant Professor English Education/Language 
Arts 622 

The English Department of the State University of New York College at 
Plattsburgh invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor 
position in English Education/Language 
Arts for Fall 2008. Our 
program in English Language Arts is one of three study options in the 
English Department. We offer a strong foundation in the content area of 
English with a focus in Education and innovative English Language Arts 
methodology for the preparation of Adolescence Education teachers. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. or Ed.D. in English or English Education awarded 
by August 2008 and publication or promise of sustained scholarly activity 
and commitment to university service are required. Evidence of successful 
college and/or 
secondary school teaching will be highly regarded. 
Teaching interests outside of specialization will be considered and should 
be included in the cover letter. Familiarity with national accreditation 
standards is a plus. 

Responsibilities include: 3/3 teaching load includes courses from the following 
areas: methods in teaching composition, literature, and language 
arts; composition/writing; 
general education; core curriculum in the 
major; and upper-division literature. University service and ELA scholarship 
are required. 

SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity. 

Review of applications begins November 5 and continues until the position 
is filled. Original transcripts will be required prior to the start of employment. 
Please submit cover letter specifically addressing this position, 
curriculum vitae, scholarly writing sample (as MS-WORD d ocument 
and/or 
hard copy), and three letters of reference to: Chair, Search Committee 
(PJ# 4854-MLA), c/o 
Human Resource Services, SUNY Platts



burgh, 101 Broad Street, Plattsburgh, NY 12901-2681. Email: hr.apply@ 
Plattsburgh.edu. www.plattsburgh.edu 

SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU 

English, 101 Broad St Champlain Valley Hall, Rm 103 Plattsburgh NY 
12901 

Assistant Professor Rhetoric/Composition 
and Director of Freshman 
Composition 616 

The State University of New York, College at Plattsburgh invites applications 
for a full-time tenure-track assistant professorship in Rhetoric/ 
Composition 
for Fall 2008. This position includes directorship of the 
first-year composition program. 

Qualifications: Earned doctorate by appointment date is required. Ideal 
candidates will have English Ph. D. in Rhetoric/Composition 
or related 
field with teaching and some administrative experience, especially in the 
areas of placement testing, assessment, and mentoring composition faculty. 
WAC/WID 
useful. Secondary interest is open but could include writing, 
literature and English Education. 

Responsibilities include: 2/2 
teaching load with compensated summer responsibilities; 
teaching first-year writing and other courses commensurate 
with expertise, including General Education and upper-division courses. 
University service and scholarship in rhetoric/composition 
are required. 

SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opport unity employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity. 

Review of applications begins November 5 and continues until the position 
is filled. Original transcripts will be required prior to the start of employment. 
Please submit cover letter specifically addressing this position, 
curriculum vitae, scholarly writing sample (as MS-WORD document 
and/or 
hard copy), and three letters of reference to: Chair, Search Committee 
(PJ# 4853-MLA), c/o 
Human Resource Services, SUNY Plattsburgh, 
101 Broad Street, Plattsburgh, NY 12901-2681. Email: hr.apply@ 
Plattsburgh.edu. www.plattsburgh.edu 

SU of New York, Stony Brook U 

English, 2096 Humanities Building Stony Brook NY 11794 

Director of Program in Writing and Rhetoric 429 

http://www.
stonybrook.edu/jobs 


Stony Brook University seeks to hire a Director for the Program in Writing 
and Rhetoric at the advanced Associate or Full Professor level. Required: 
Applicants must have experience with administration of a writing 
program as well as a substantial publication record. Apply online at www 
.stonybrook.edu/jobs 
or send letter of application with C.V., postmarked 
no later than Thursday, November 1, 2007, to: Director Search, Department 
of English, 2096 Humanities Building, Stony Brook University, 
Stony Brook, NY 11974-5350. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer. 


Saint John Fisher C 

English, 3690 East Av Rochester NY 14618 

Assistant Professor of English 582 

http://www.
sjfc.edu and http://home.
sjfc.edu/English/ 


Tenure-track position in composition/rhetoric; 
Ph.D. in composition/ 
rhetoric 
or English with a strong focus on composition and rhetoric (degree 
completed by September 2008), to teach introductory and upper level 
courses in writing and rhetorical theory. A specialty in cultural rhetorics, 
globalization, ethnic literatures or postcolonial studies is desirable. Successful 
teaching experience is essential. 

St. John Fisher College offers a 3/3 
teaching load and small class sizes. 
The English major in writing is vibrant, staffed by dynamic teachers and 
mentors, and integrates both writing and literature faculty. We seek a 
creative, collaborative, and energetic professional with a commitment to 
undergraduate education to teach a variety of courses in a multi-faceted 
writing major and to work with other writing and literature faculty. The 
successful candidate will teach a variety of courses in the writing major 
and in the colleges first-year Learning Community program, and will be 
expected to contribute to writing curriculum development within the 
major and college-wide. Opportunities exist to create new courses in a 
supportive departmental environment. 

Rochester is a nexus of commerce and the arts, home to seven colleges 
and universities and several major corporations. St. John Fisher College is 
a comprehensive institution enrolling approximately 3,000 full-and parttime 
students. 

Send vita and letter only, describing teaching experience, teaching philosophy, 
and scholarly interests by November 12 to Deborah VanderBilt, 
English Department, St. John Fisher College, 3690 East Avenue, Rochester, 
NY 14618. St. John Fish er College is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer 
and strongly encourages applications from 
women and minorities. [R] 

Sarah Lawrence C 

Literature, 1 Mead Way Bronxville NY 10708 

African-American & African Literatures 217 

http://www.
sarahlawrence.edu 

Sarah Lawrence College announces a new full-time, tenure-track opening 
in African-American and African Literatures beginning fall 2008. 
Sarah Lawrence is a small liberal arts college based on the seminar-tutorial 
system and the position entails teaching undergraduates in seminar-
style classes and directing their independent projects. Requirements 
include demonstrated teaching ability and active engagement with current 
intellectual developments in African-American and African literatures. 
Research can center in African-American or African literatures, but 
the candidate must be able to teach in both areas. 

Interested applicants should have the Ph.D. in hand by August, 2008 and 
should send a dossier including letter of interest, curriculum vitae, two 
syllabi for possible courses and three letters of recommendation to: African-
American and African Literatures Search Committee, c/o 
Rosemary 
Weeks, Sarah Lawrence College, 1 Mead Way, Bronxville, NY 10708. 
The application deadline is December 1, 2007. Interviews will be held at 
the MLA annual meeting in Chicago, December 27–30. Please advise in 
your letter if plan to attend that meeting. 

For information on Sarah Lawrence College, our curriculum, teaching 
methods, and philosophy of education, please see our web site at http:// 
www.
slc.edu. Sarah Lawrence has a strong commitment to the principle 
of diversity. In that spirit, we especially welcome applications from underrepresented 
groups. [R] 

Skidmore C 

English, 815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866 

Visiting Assistant Professor of American Literature 78 

http://www.
skidmore.edu 

Three-year position as Visiting Assistant Professor with specialization in 
American Literature to begin Sept. 2008. This appointment is not tenuretrack 
and is not renewable. The successful candidate will be prepared to 
teach a range of courses in American Literature at the intermediate and 
advanced levels; will demonstrate an ability and willingness to oversee 
independent work and senior theses; and will demonstrate excellence in 
both teaching and scholarship. Of interest to the department are candidates 
able to teach one or more of the following: Asian-American Literature, 
Latina/Latino 
Literature, Native American Literature, Ethnic 
American Literature. Teaching load 3/3 
first year and five courses a year 
in second and third year. Teaching responsbilities include one section of 
a theme-based expository writing seminar each semester. Doctorate expected 
by August 2008. Send cover letter and vita with names of three 
references to Prof. Linda Simon, Chair, Department of E nglish, Skidmore 
College, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866. Review of applications begins October 
15. All applications will be acknowledged; interviews will be held 



at MLA convention. Skidmore encourages applications from women and 
men of diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds. [R] 

U of Rochester 

English, PO Box 270451 Rochester NY 14627 

Assistant Professor of American Literature before 1900 651 

http://www.
rochester.edu/ 

We seek a promising candidate committed to the study and teaching of 
American literature and culture at both the undergraduate and graduate 
levels. Preference will be given to those whose interests focus on the 
nineteenth century or earlier periods to join a faculty with widely diverse 
literary, scholarly, and theoretical talents and accomplishments. By 
October 15th, please send a letter of application, a c.v., and a dissertation 
abstract or book prospectus to Professor John Michael, Chair, English Department, 
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 14627. The University 
of Rochester is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce 
and is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Rochester 

English, PO Box 270451 Rochester NY 14627 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing: Fiction 654 

http://www.
rochester.edu/ 

We seek a promising fiction writer (MFA or Ph.D.) to join a distinguished 
writing program fully integrated into the intellectual and pedagogical life 
of a major research department. This position entails regularly teaching 
both creative writing seminars and classes in literature to undergraduate 
and graduate students. By October 15th, please send a letter of application, 
a c.v., a short creative writing sample and (if appropriate) a dissertation abstract 
or book prospectus to Professor John Michael, Chair, English Department, 
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 14627. The University 
of Rochester is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce 
and is an equal opportunity employer 
[R] 

Vassar C 

English, 124 Raymond Av, Box 744 Poughkeepsie NY 12604 

Assistant Professor of English 608 

http://english.
vassar.edu/ 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position (beginning fall 2008) 
from candidates with the Ph.D. in hand and a specialization in eighteenth- 
century 
British literature, particularly fiction. Particularly attractive to us 
will be candidates who combine this specialization with an interest in 
queer studies/theory 
and/or 
environmental studies. Vassar College is an 
equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and is strongly and actively 
committed to diversity within its community. Applications from members 
of historically under-represented groups are especially encouraged. 

Vassar is a highly competitive liberal arts college of about 2400 undergraduates 
(no graduate students), located seventy-five miles north of New 
York City. All members of the English department participate in teaching 
introductory courses, and many choose also to teach courses in writing 
poetry, fiction, or nonfictional prose. Classes are small, and the teaching 
load is 3/2. 
The College maintain s a generous leave policy, which includes 
untenured faculty, and it provides strong support for research. It 
also provides faculty with rich opportunities to teach singly or as part of a 
team in its many multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary programs, such 
as American Culture, Africana Studies, Asian Studies, Environmental 
Studies, Media Studies, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, Urban Studies, 
and Womens Studies. 

Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, 
and a brief writing sample. If possible, send materials electronically to 
maausanio@
vassar.edu addressed to Chairs, Peter Antelyes and Michael 
Joyce. Otherwise mail to the a bove at Department of English, Box 744, 
Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, NY 12604-0744. The deadline for receiving 
applications is November 8. We can acknowledge receipt of applications 
by e-mail only. [R] 

Vassar C 

English, 124 Raymond Av, Box 744 Poughkeepsie NY 12604 

Assistant Professor of English 605 

http://english.
vassar.edu/ 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position (beginning fall 2008) 
from candidates with the Ph.D. in hand and a specialization in Latino/ 
a 
literatures and cultures. Particularly attractive to us will be candidates 
who combine this specialization with an interest in queer studies/theory 
and/or 
environmental studies. Vassar College is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer 
and is strongly and actively committed to diversity 
within its community. Applications from members of historically 
under-represented groups are especially encouraged. 

Vassar is a highly competitive liberal arts college of about 2400 undergraduates 
(no graduate students), located seventy-five miles north of New 
York City. All members of the English department participate in teaching 
introductory courses, and many choose also to teach courses in writing 
poetry, fiction, or nonfictional prose. Classes are small, and the teaching 
load is 3/2. 
The College maintains a generous leave policy, which includes 
untenured faculty, and it provides strong support for research. It also provides 
faculty with rich opportunities to teach singly or as part of a team 
in its many multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary programs, such as 
Latin-American and Latino/a 
Studies, American Culture, Africana Studies, 
Asian Studies, Environmental Studies, Media Studies, Urban Studies, 
and Womens Studies. 

Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, 
and a brief writing sample. If possible, send materials electronically to 
maausanio@
vassar.edu addressed to Chairs, Peter Antelyes & Michael 
Joyce. Otherwise mail to the above at Department of Eng lish, Box 744, 
Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, NY 12604-0744. The deadline for receiving 
applications is November 8. We can acknowledge receipt of applications 
by e-mail only. [R] 

North Carolina 

Catawba C 

English, 2300 W Innes St Salisbury NC 28144 

Assistant Professor of English and Writing Center Director 713 

http://www.
catawba.edu 

Tenure-track specialist in rhetoric & composition or related field with expertise 
in Writing Center theory/practice. 
Duties include hiring, training, 
and supervising tutors; working in the center and administering the 
college’s writing competency exam; and teaching 3 courses each semester. 
Course assignments will include general education writing courses at 
the first and second-year level, upper division courses, or courses in our 
First-Year Experience program. Experience with WAC and faculty development 
also welcomed, as is a background or interest in liberal arts 
education. Scholarly potential expected. Qualifications: Ph.D. at time of 
appointment; evidence of successful teaching. 

Send letter of application and CV with references to Gordon Grant, Chair, 
English Department, Catawba College, 2300 West Innes Street, Salisbury, 
NC 28144. Applications will be acknowledged; dossiers will be requested 
after initial review. Applications reviewed beginning November 5, 2007 
for interview at MLA convention. 

Catawba College is an Aff irmative Action and Equal Opportunity 
Employer 
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, 
sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, marital status, 
veteran status, or disability. [R] 



Duke U 

Lit Prog, Box 90670 Durham NC 27708 

Assistant Professor Tenure Track 803 

http://www-
history.aas.duke.edu 

The Duke History Department seeks to hire an assistant professor, tenure 
track, in the early modern history of the British Isles and/or 
the British 
Empire (1500–1800) beginning Fall 2008. Please send a cover letter and 
three letters of recommendation to Professor Gunther Peck, British History 
Search Committee, The Department of History, Box 90719, Duke 
University, Durham, NC 27708. Applications received by December 1, 
2007 will be guaranteed consideration. Duke University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Duke U 

Lit Prog, Box 90670 Durham NC 27708 

Assistant Professor Tenure Track 807 

http://www-
history.aas.duke.edu 

The Duke History Department seeks to hire an assistant professor, tenure 
track, in the history of Sub-Saharan Africa to begin August 1, 2008. The 
department is especially interested in persons specializing in west, central, 
or southern Africa. Please send a cover letter and three letters of recommendation 
to Professor Peter English, African History Search Committee, 
The Department of History, Box 90719, Duke University, Durham, 
NC 27708. Applications received by November 15, 2007 will be guaranteed 
consideration. Duke University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 


Fayetteville SU 

Eng & For Langs, 1200 Murchison Rd Fayetteville NC 28301 

Assistant Professor of English 901 

http://www.
uncfsu.edu 

Tenure Track Position. Ph.D in English or Comparative Literature. Possible 
areas of specialization : 20th century British Literature; Contemporary 
World Literature; Drama. All department members teach composition. 
The normal teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per semester. Send 
application, vita, and three letters of reference to Edward McShane, 
Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, Fayetteville State 
University, Fayetteville, N.C. 28301. Postmark deadline is Nov. 8, 2007. 
Interviews at MLA. Fayetteville State is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Oppotunuty 
Employer. 
[R] 

Guilford C 

English, 5800 W Friendly Av Greensboro NC 27410 

Assistant Professor of English 407 

http://www.
guilford.edu/english 


Small Quaker college seeks an educator with creativity and vision to fill a 
full-time tenure-track position as assistant professor of English. We seek a 
writing generalist to teach a range of courses including fiction and professional 
writing (e.g., new media, technical writing, business writing), starting 
August 2008. Candidates must also demonstrate commitment to and 
excellence in teaching first-year writing (one-third of the annual 6-course 
load). The ideal candidate should be able to design and teach cross-listed 
courses in Guilfords interdisciplinary programs. The Ph.D. is preferred; 
MFA will be considered. Guilford is a selective coeducational liberal arts 
college founded in 1837 by the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) 
with about 1,400 traditional and Early College students and about 1,100 
students enrolled in Continuing Education. The College seeks applications 
representative of diversity based on age, race, gender, sexual orientation, 
disabilities, ethnici ty, religion, national origin, career and life 
experiences, socio-economic background, geographic roots; it also seeks 
them from members of the Society of Friends. EOE/AA. 
Submit cover 
letter, current CV, dossier, writing sample, statement of educational philosophy, 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation (sent under separate 
cover) to Professor James W. Hood, Chair, English Department, c/o 
Fred Devine, Director of Human Resources, Guilford College, 5800 W. 
Friendly Ave., Greensboro, NC 27410. Deadline for applications: Nov. 5. 
Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail; interviews at MLA. [R] 

Guilford C 

English, 5800 W Friendly Av Greensboro NC 27410 

Assistant Professor of English 408 

http://www.
guilford.edu/english 


Small Quaker college seeks an educator with creativity and vision to fill 
a full-time tenure-track position as assistant professor of English, starting 
August 2008. We seek a specialist in modern and contemporary literature 
with the ability to teach the survey of American literature since 1865, 
world literature, and postcolonial literature. Candidates must also demonstrate 
commitment to and excellence in teaching first-year writing (onethird 
of the annual 6-course load). The ideal candidate should be able to 
design and teach cross-listed courses in Guilfords interdisciplinary programs, 
particularly in womens studies or African American studies. The 
Ph.D. is required. Guilford is a selective coeducational liberal arts college 
founded in 1837 by the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) with about 
1,400 traditional and Early College students and about 1,100 students 
enrolled in Continuing Education. The College seeks applications representative 
of diversity based on age, race, gender, sexual orientation, disabilities, 
ethnicity, religion, national origin, career and life experiences, 
socio-economic background, geographic roots; it also seeks them from 
members of the Society of Friends. EOE/AA. 
Submit cover letter, current 
CV, dossier, writing sample, statement of educational philosophy, transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation (sent under separate cover) to 
Professor James W. Hood, Chair, English Department, c/o 
Fred Devine, 
Director of Human Resources, Guilford College, 5800 W. Friendly Ave., 
Greensboro, NC 27410. Deadline for applications: Nov. 5. Applications 
will be acknowledged by e-mail; interviews at MLA. [R] 

High Point U 

English, University Station, Montlieu Av High Point NC 27262 

Assistant Professor of English 163 

http://www.
highpoint.edu 

High Point University invites applications at the Assistant Professor level 
for a tenure-track position in the Department of English to begin in the 
Fall of 2008. PhD required. 

We are looking for an energetic, flexible candidate who has an equal enthusiasm 
for Rhetoric and Composition and 19th-Century 
British Literature. 
Interest in Post-Colonial Literature would be a plus. The candidate 
should be actively involved in scholarly research, writing, and publication. 
We are a vibrant, 12-member department that practices mutual respect 
and prizes adaptability and innovation. Four/four 
teaching load. Telephone 
interviews will begin in the Fall 2007 with on-campus interviews 
to follow. 

High Point University is a private, four-year liberal arts institution committed 
to excellence and diversity and is located in the beautiful North 
Carolina Piedmont Triad area. Please send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, graduate transcripts, statement of teaching philosophy, and thr 
ee current references to Dr. Ed Piacentino, Department of English, High 
Point University, 833 Montlieu Ave., High Point, NC 27262. EOE [R] 

U of North Carolina, Wilmington 

English, 601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Assitant Professor in English Education 446 

http://www.
uncwil.edu/english 


Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 



We invite applications for an assistant professorship beginning August 
2008. Required: doctorate in English or closely related field, with 
substantial work in childrens or adolescent literature as well as secondary 
English education, and demonstrated commitment to teaching. The successful 
candidate will have opportunities to teach courses in childrens and 
adolescent literature, writing for teachers, and other courses appropriate 
for future educators, as well as graduate seminars in his or her scholarly 
specialty. Course listings and descriptions can be found at http://www 
.uncw.edu/english/. 
Candidates should expect to engage in research as 
well as contribute to departmental and university service. Typical teaching 
load for research-active faculty is three courses per semester; all English 
faculty teach basic-studies courses in composition or literature. 

To apply, please complete the online appl ication process available at 
http://consensus.
uncw.edu. A letter of application, vita, and contact information 
for three professional references should be addressed to Keith 
Newlin (newlink@uncw.edu), search committee chair, and attached to 
the online application—not emailed, mailed, or faxed. Microsoft Word or 
Adobe PDF attachments are required. Review of applications will begin 
October 15, 2007, and continue until the position is filled. Finalists will 
be invited to interview at MLA. Under North Carolina law, applications 
and related materials are confidential personnel documents and not 
subject 
to public release. UNC Wilmington is located in an his torical 
coastal resort 
city. 

UNCW is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply 

U of North Carolina, Wilmington 

English, 601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Assistant Professor of English 441 

http://www.
uncwil.edu/english 


We invite applications for an assistant professorship beginning August 
2008. Required: doctorate in English or a closely related field with 
a concentration in rhetoric and composition and demonstrated commitment 
to teaching. The successful candidate will have opportunities to 
teach undergraduate courses in rhetorical theory, composition pedagogy, 
and/or 
literacy studies as well as graduate seminars in his or her scholarly 
specialty. Course listings and descriptions can be found at http://www 
.uncw.edu/english. 
Typical teaching load for research-active faculty is 
three courses per semester; all faculty teach basic-studies courses in composition 
or literature. 

To apply, please complete the online application process available on the 
Web at http://consensus.
uncw.edu. A letter of application, vita, and contact 
information for three professional references should be addressed to 
Christopher Gould (gouldc@uncw.edu), search committee chair, and 
attached to the online application—not emailed, mailed, or faxed. Microsoft 
Word or Adobe PDF attachments are required. Review of applications 
will begin October, 15, 2007, and continue until the position is 
filled. Finalists will be invited to interview at MLA. Under North Carolina 
law, applications and related materials are confidential personnel documents 
and not subject to public release. UNC Wilmington is located in 
an historical coastal resort city. 

UNCW is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

U of North Carolina, Wilmington 

English, 601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Assistant Professor in Professional & Technical Writing 444 

http://www.
uncwil.edu/english 


Tenure-track Assistant 

We invite applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship in professional 
and technical writing, beginning August 2008. Required: 
doctorate in English, PTW, or a closely related field and demonstrated 
commitment to teaching. Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses in professional and technical writing. Course 
listings and descriptions 
can be found at: http://www.
uncw.edu/english. 
We are particularly interested in candidates with expertise and demonstrated 
research potential in intercultural communication, visual rhetoric, 
organizational communication, and/or 
research methods. The strongest 
candidates will have experience teaching in technology-rich environments 
and be prepared to engage in research as well as to contribute to 
departmental and university service. Typical teaching load for researchactive 
faculty is three courses per semester; a ll faculty teach basic-studies 
courses in composition or literature. 

To apply, please complete the online application process available at http:// 
consensus.
uncw.edu. A letter of application, vita, and contact information 
for three professional references should be addressed to Diana Ashe 
(ashed@uncw.edu), search committee chair, and attached to the online 
applicationnot emailed, mailed, or faxed. Adobe PDF or Microsoft Word 
attachments are required. Review of applications will begin October 15, 
2007, and continue until the position is filled. Finalists will be invited to 
interview at MLA. Under North Carolina law, applications and related 
materials are confidential personnel documents and not subject to public 
release. UNC Wilmington is located in an historical coastal resort city. 

UNCW is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of Composition/Rhetoric 
743 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

UNC Pembroke seeks to fill multiple tenure-track positions in Composition/
Rhetoric. 
Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
required, ABDs considered. 
Specialization open, but particularly interested in candidates 
working in such fields as professional writing, computers and composition, 
digital rhetorics, critical race theory, working class rhetorics, the 
pedagogy of composition, and basic writing. Seeking candidates who 
can contribute to a growing composition/rhetoric 
curriculum at the undergraduate 
and M.A. levels as well as to UNCP’s General Education 
composition sequence. Expectation of service/scholarly 
activity. UNCP, 
founded in 1887 as the nation’s first Native American normal school, is 
today one of the most culturally diverse rural universities in the nation. A 
growth enrollment institution whose student population has grown 65% 
in five years, UNCP values faculty as teacher-scholars, and the successful 
candidate will join a dynamic department whose faculty are act ive in the 
American Indian Studies major, the Gender Studies minor, the Writing 
minor, the Honors College, a writing across the curriculum program, the 
University Writing Center, and more. Send letter of application, cv, copy 
of transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Kim Gunter, 
Composition/Rhetoric 
Search Chair, Department of English, Theatre, & 
Languages, University of North Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, 
One University Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. Review of applications 
will begin October 19 but will continue until all positions are filled, 
with interviews at MLA expected. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of English 751 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

We seek applications for multiple full-time tenure-track positions, open 
specialty, to begin August 2008. We will consider a Ph.D. in any field of 
literature and are particularly interested in areas that will enhance expansion 
of intra-departmental and interdisciplinary offerings . We look for 
demonstrated evidence of successful teaching, research publication, and 
other scholarly professional activities, with a commitment to teaching and 
service; ABDs who will have the degree in hand by August 2008 will 
be considered. The successful candidate will be expected to develop and 



teach undergraduate and/or 
graduate courses in areas of specialization and 
interest, to pursue scholarship in literary studies, and to serve on committees. 
Duties include significant commitments to the freshman composition 
series as well as developing and teaching a variety of undergraduate lecture 
and seminar classes. 4/4 
course load. Rank and salary commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Interested applicants should submit a letter 
describing teaching and research interests, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of recommendation, copy of transcripts, one writing sample, and syllabi 
and teaching evaluations, if available. The University of North Carolina 
at Pembroke is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution with 
historical ties to local indigenous peoples and compliance with the Americans 
and Disabilities Act. Candidates who promote and enhance diversity 
are strongly desired. Application materials will be reviewed beginning 
November 9, 2007, and will continue under review until positions are 
filled. Interviews at MLA expected. Send materials to Dr. Dennis Sigmon, 
Chair, Department of English, Theatre, & Languages, University 
of North Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One University Drive, 
Pembroke NC 28372-1510. AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of North Carolina, Asheville 

Lit & Lang, 1 University Hts Asheville NC 28804 

Assistant Professor of Literature and Language 430 

http://www.
unca.edu/lit/ 


UNC-Asheville, North Carolinas designated liberal arts institution, invites 
applications for an Americanist to teach in an established, thriving 
undergraduate English department. Specialty: Pre-Twentieth Century 
American Literature. Breadth of teaching experience and interest in 
multi-ethnic literature and rhetoric/composition 
a plus. Tenure Track. 
The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated record of excellence as a 
teacher. She or he will teach a full range of literature courses, including 
surveys and special topics. Other teaching expectations in addition to 
composition, include UNCAs Integrative Liberal Studies and other interdisciplinary 
programs. The teaching load is 12 hours/semester 
(4/4). 
PhD 
in hand. Starting date is August 1, 2008. Applications are due no later 
than November 1, 2007. For consideration send an applicati on letter, 
vita, and a brief statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. Merritt Moseley, 
Chair, Search Committee, Department of Literature and Language, 
CPO #2130, University of North Carolina at Asheville, One University 
Heights, Asheville, North Carolina, 28804. Electronic submissions of 
application materials will NOT be accepted at this stage. UNCA is an 
EEO/AA 
employer. 
Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Assistant or Associate Professor of African American Literature 162 

http://www.
wfu.edu/english 


The Department of English at Wake Forest University has an opening for 
a tenure-track assistant or associate professor in African-American literature. 
Position to begin August 2008. ABD or PHD required with a commitment 
to publication and high quality teaching in a liberal arts college. 
Teaching load is 3/2, 
with courses ranging from small first-year writing 
seminars to advanced electives and MA-level courses. Salary competitive. 
Send letter and vita only to Claudia Kairoff, Chair, Wake Forest University, 
Department of English, P.O. Box 7387, Winston-Salem, NC 27109, 
postmarked by October 31. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Ohio 

C of Wooster 

English, 1189 Beall Avenue Wooster OH 44691 

Assistant Professor of English 334 

http://www.
wooster.edu 

ENGLISH—Assistant Professor of English. Tenure-track position, beginning 
Fall 2008. Expertise in African-American literature OR in African-
American literature and fiction writing. The successful applicant will 
participate in the Colleges interdisciplinary programs, including First-Year 
Seminar and the program in writing; teaching load includes four or five 
courses a year as well as directing Senior Independent Study projects. The 
College of Wooster provides significant research support, including travel 
funds and a generous leave program. Ph.D. in English required. Letter of 
application, vita, official graduate school transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to the Chair, Department of English, The College of 
Wooster, 1189 Beall Avenue, Wooster, OH 44691. Postmark deadline for 
applications: November 11, 2007. 

The College of Wooster is an independent college of the liberal arts and 
sciences with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate education. 

The College values diversity, strives to attract qualified women and minority 
candidates, and encourages individuals belonging to these groups 
to apply. Wooster seeks to ensure diversity by its policy of employing 
persons without regard to age, sex, color, race, creed, religion, national 
origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or political affiliation. 
The College of Wooster is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action 
Employer. 
Employment is subject to federal laws requiring verification of 
identity and legal right to work in the United States as required by the 
Immigration Reform and Control Act. Drug-free workplace. [R] 

Case Western Reserve U 

English, 10900 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44106 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Early Modern British Literature 312 

A tenure track position in early modern British literature. PhD required. 
Rank open, Assistant-level preferred. Teaching load two and two. Salary 
commensurate with credentials and experience. 

Electronic applications only (consisting of a letter of application and a 
cv) to William R. Siebenschuh, Chair, at wrs2@case.edu. Other correspondence 
to William R. Siebenschuh, Chair, English Department, Case 
Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio 44106. Applications will be 
accepted until the search is completed. Those received by November 15, 
2007 will receive full consideration. Case Western Reserve University 
is committed to diversity and is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
Applications from women and members of minority groups are 
particularly encouraged. 

Case Western Reserve U 

English, 10900 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44106 

Assistant Professor of Composition and Rhetoric 313 

A tenure-track position in rhetoric and composition broadly construed 
with special consideration given to candidates with an interest and experience 
in professional and/or 
disciplinary writing. Responsibilities will 
include teaching in our Writing History and Theory (WHiT) program 
and participation in departmental writing programs. Assistant level. Ph.D. 
required. Teaching load two and two. Salary commensurate with credentials 
and experience. 

Electronic applications only (consisting of a letter of application and a 
cv) to William R. Siebenschuh, Chair, at wrs2@case.edu. Other correspondence 
to William R. Siebenschuh, Chair, English Department, Case 
Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio 44106. Applications will be 
accepted until the search is completed. Those received by November 15, 
2007 will receive full consideration. Case Western Reserve University 



is committed to diversity and is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
Applications from women and m embers of minority groups 
are particularly encouraged. 

Denison U 

English, 200 Barney Hall Granville OH 43023 

Assistant Professor of English 223 

http://www.
denison.edu/academics/
departments/english/ 


Denison University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor of English, 
specializing in postcolonial studies. Applicants whose scholarly interests 
are in African, Caribbean, or African American literature are encouraged 
to apply. The 3/2 
teaching assignment typically includes survey-level 
courses, first-year writing courses, and advanced courses of the candidates 
design. Position to begin Fall 2008. Ph.D must be in hand by the start 
of the academic year. Interviews at MLA. Denison University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. We welcome a diversity of backgrounds and lifestyles. 
Please send letter of application and cv to Linda Krumholz, Chair, 
Department of English, Denison University, Granville, OH 43023 by 
November 12, 2007. [R] 

Kent SU 

English, PO Box 5190, 113 Satterfield Hall Kent OH 44242 

Assistant or Associate Professor in Textual Editing and Literature 483 

http://www.
kent.edu 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor. The Department of English will hire a tenure-
track Assistant or Associate Professor, pending final budget approval, 
in scholarly textual editing, with secondary research area open, beginning 
August 2008. The successful candidate will take a leading role in 
the Cambridge Edition of the Works of Joseph Conrad. We seek a colleague 
who has demonstrable experience in scholarly textual editing and 
who is qualified to teach in our undergraduate and graduate programs. 
Competitive salary and benefits with opportunities for full semester and 
summer research appointments and pre-tenure workload releases. Teaching 
will include undergraduate literature courses, as well as senior-level 
and graduate courses in the candidates research area. A Ph.D. in English 
or related field is required by time of appointment in August 2008. Relevant 
teaching experience required. Publications preferred. Screening will 
begin November 5, 2007; interviews at MLA. 

Applicants should visit our jobsite at: http://jobs.
kent.edu and complete 
an academic data form. In addition, please send by November 30 a letter 
of application, vitae, three letters of recommendation, and one offprint or 
writing sample to Professor Ron Corthell, Chair, Department of English, 
Kent State University, Kent, OH 44242-0001. Attn: Textual Editing 
Search Committee. Kent State is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action 
Employer. 
[R] 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor in Latina/o 
or Chicana/o 
Literary & 
Cultural Studies 524 

http://www.
units.muohio.edu/english/ 


The English Department at Miami University seeks to fill an open rank 
position for a tenure-track assistant, associate, or full professor with a specialization 
in Latina/o 
or Chicana/o 
literary and cultural studies, beginning 
in August 2008. 

For assistant professor, a clear demonstration of potential for excellence as 
a scholar is required, as well as a commitment to teaching excellence in 
courses at all levels, including first-year seminars, undergraduate courses 
for majors, and graduate seminars for M.A. and Ph.D. students. Responsibilities 
include student advising as well as institutional and professional 
service at an appropriate level. For associate professor, significant 
publications 
are required as well as demonstrated excellence in teaching 
and a record of institutional and professional service. For appointment as 
tenured full professor, a distinguished record of publication and excellence 
in teaching and service are required. Potential for affiliation with Miami 
University’s Latin American Studies Program. 

Candidates will be interviewed at MLA; Ph.D. required by date of appointment. 
Send letter of application and cv to Kerry Powell, Acting 
Chair, postmarked by November 6, 2007; screening of applications will 
begin November 7, 2007, and continue until the position is filled. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. Miami is an EOE/AA 
employer 
offering benefits to same-sex domestic partners. 

The campus safety report and information on tuition, fees, and graduation 
rate are available at www.muohio.edu/righttoknow 


Learn more about Oxford, Cincinnati, and Dayton at www.muohio.edu/ 
living_
at_miami/oxandbe yond/index.
cfm [R] 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant Professor in Technical and Scientific Communication 537 

http://www.
units.muohio.edu/english/ 


We seek a tenure-track assistant professor specializing in technical and scientific 
communication theory and practice, beginning August 2008. This 
person will teach and assist in curriculum/program 
development for nationally 
recognized bachelor’s and master’s programs in technical and scientific 
communication. Responsibilities include student advising as well 
as institutional and professional service. 

We desire applicants who could also contribute to other vibrant department 
programs, including rhetoric, composition, linguistics, or digital 
media studies. The department would also welcome candidates who have 
scholarly interests in intercultural or interactive communication. 

The ideal candidate will have a commitment to teaching excellence at all 
levels of the curriculum and a clear potential for excellence as a scholar. 
Ph.D. required by date of appointment. Candidates will be interviewed 
at MLA. 

Send application letter and cv to Kerry Powell, Acting Chair, postma rked 
by November 6, 2007. Screening of applications will begin November 7, 
2007, and continue until the position is filled. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. Miami is an EOE/AA 
employer 
offering benefits to 
same-sex domestic partners. 

The campus safety report and information on tuition, fees, and graduation 
rate are available at www.muohio.edu/righttoknow 


Learn more about Oxford, Cincinnati, and Dayton at www.muohio.edu/ 
living_
at_miami/oxandbeyond/index.
cfm [R] 

Ohio SU, Mansfield 

English, 1680 University Dr Mansfield OH 44906 

Assistant Professor of English 19th and/or 
20th Century British
Literature 202 

The English Department at the Mansf ield campus of The Ohio State 
University seeks applications for a tenure-eligible position beginning 
Autumn 2008 in nineteenth-and/or 
twentieth-century 
British literature 
with a specialty in poetry and/or 
drama. Ph.D. and teaching experience 
required, with strong commitment to continuing scholarly activity. English 
faculty on the Mansfield campus teach in a multi-disciplinary small 
college environment but are active and integrated members of the Ohio 
State English Department, which includes faculty on all campuses of the 
university. Teaching load is two courses each quarter. OSU offers a number 
of degree programs on its Mansfield campus, including English, as 
well as some graduate programs. 

OSU-Mansfield anticipates increased enrollments and continued expansion 
of its programs. Located on 670 wooded acres in a city midway between 
Columbus and Cleveland, the campus currently has over 1,600 students, a 
growing number of whom reside in University-owned apartments. 



The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities 
are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application and CV to Dr. Barbara 
McGovern, The Ohio State University at Mansfield, 1760 University 
Drive, Mansfield, OH 44906. Review of applications will begin by November 
15, 2007 and will continue until the position is filled. If you have 
questions, please direct e-mail to mcgovern.2@osu.edu. 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Associate or Full Professor in Narrative Studies/Narrative 
Theory 252 

http://english.
osu.edu/ 

The English Department at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a senior position in narrative studies/narrative 
theory that will begin 
in Autumn 2009. Candidates should have teaching and research credentials 
in narrative scholarship appropriate for an Associate or Full Professor, 
and their scholarly profile should complement those of the other core faculty 
members associated with Project Narrative (http://projectnarrative. 
osu.edu), an interdisciplinary initiative designed to promote state-of-theart 
research and teaching in narrative studies. Candidates should also have 
a secondary area of expertise in English studies (e.g., a historical period 
of English or American literature, critical theory, literacy research, etc.). 
Review of applications will begin on November 5, 2007, and continue 
until the position is filled. Please send a letter of application, a CV, and a 
writing sample of about 25 pages from recent or current work in narrative 
studies to Profes sor Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of English, The Ohio 
State University, 164 West 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210-1370. 
The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans, 
and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of Business and Professional Communication 254 

http://english.
osu.edu/ 

The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a tenure-eligible assistant professor in Business and Professional 
Communication. We are interested in candidates with training in rhetoric, 
composition, literacy studies, and/or 
digital media whose research and 
administrative interests focus on professional communication. Send letter 
of application and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of English, The 
Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210. Review 
of applications will begin on November 5, 2007 and continue until 
the position is filled. The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, 
disabled veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of English 321 

http://www.
marion.ohio-state.edu/ 

The Ohio State University at Marion invites applications for an assistant 
professor (tenure-eligible, beginning Sept. 2008) in Composition/ 
Rhetoric. 
The successful candidate will be an experienced teacher with a 
productive and high-quality research agenda in basic writing, professional 
writing, literacy studies, or disability studies. Experience teaching multimodal 
composition and a commitment to undergraduate teaching desired. 
We seek applicants interested in teaching basic writing, composition, and 
upper-division courses in their specialty in a multi-disciplinary small college 
atmosphere within a premier land grant university (quarter system; 
a mix of f ive and four courses during the f irst three years; six courses 
thereafter). Send detailed application letter and CV to Human Resources, 
Ohio State University at Marion, 1465 Mt. Vernon Ave., Marion OH 
43302. Screening of applications begins Oct. 22nd, continuing until the 
position is filled; dossiers will be requested after initial screening. Selected 
candidates will be interviewed at the December MLA meeting. To build 
a diverse workforce, Ohio State encourages applications from individuals 
with disabilities, minorities, and women. EEO/AA 
employer. 


Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor in 20th Century Literature of the British Isles 255 

http://english.
osu.edu/ 

The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications 
for a tenure-eligible assistant professor in twentieth-century 
literature 
of the British Isles. We are especially interested in scholars whose 
work moves beyond traditional conceptions of the field. Ph.D. required. 
Send letter of application and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of 
English, The Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, 
Ohio 43210. Review of applications will begin on November 5, 2007 
and continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews at the 
MLA Convention. The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, 
disabled veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Ohio Wesleyan U 

English, 61 S Sandusky St, Sturges Hall Delaware OH 43015 

Assistant Professor of Creative Non-Fiction, Expository Writing and 
Literature 811 

http://english.
owu.edu 

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH: Ohio Wesleyan University. 
Ohio Wesleyan University seeks a specialist in creative non-fiction 
writing and expository writing with a compatible literary field. A fulltime, 
tenure-track position, pending university approval. The load is six 
courses a year, three in writing and three in literature. We seek a candidate 
who demonstrates excellence in teaching and writing. Candidates 
should have the Ph.D. or M.F.A. by August 2008. AA/EOE: 
women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter, vita, writing sample, 
dossier, and a syllabus of your design to Lynette Carpenter, Chair, Department 
of English, Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, OH 43015. 
Acknowledgment by e-mail or SAS card. Deadline: postmarked by 
9 November 
2007. [R] 

U of Toledo 

English Lang & Lit, 2801 W Bancroft Toledo OH 43606 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in African-American Literature 816 

http://www.
utoledo.edu 

Pending budgetary approval, the University of Toledo Department of 
English Language and Literature invites applications for a tenure-track, 
assistant professor position in African-American literature to begin August 
2008. The candidate should demonstrate commitment to excellence 
in research and teaching and will have earned the PhD by the time of 
appointment. Duties will include teaching undergraduate and graduate 
courses in American and African-American literature and culture, as well 
as general English courses. 

Candidates should send a letter of application containing a brief description 
of their research program, a CV, representative published or unpublished 
scholarly work, and at least three letters of recommendation to Dr. 
Sara Lundquist, Search Committee, Department of English, MS 925, 
University of Toledo, Toledo, OH 43606. The search committee will 
begin reviewing applications on November 10, 2007. Interviews will be 
conducted at the MLA convention, December 2007, in Chicago. 



The University of Toledo is an AA/EO 
employer. 
Interest from members 
of under-represented groups is strongly encouraged. 

Wright SU 

English, 3640 Colonel Glenn Hwy Dayton OH 45435 

Assistant Professor, Renaissance English Literature and Drama 428 

http://www.
wright.edu/cola/
Dept/eng/ 


Assistant professor in Renaissance English Literature and Drama, including 
Shakespeare, to begin September 2008. Doctorate in English by time 
of appointment is required. Candidates also able to teach in Womens 
Studies or Gender Studies are especially encouraged to apply. Additionally, 
we welcome candidates with a second field of teaching and research 
in (for example) English and American drama, Medieval literature, literary 
theory, cultural studies, disability studies, ethnic literature, or gay 
and lesbian literature. Also preferred: teaching experience and evidence of 
successful college-level teaching; evidence of successful scholarly publication 
or real promise of future publication in field. 

Responsibilities include seven courses over three quarters in addition to 
advising and service. Courses will include graduate and undergraduate 
courses in primary field, introductory major courses, general education 
“great books” survey. All department faculty must be able to t each writing 
classes. Salary competitive. 

Preliminary interviews at MLA in Chicago. Please send cv and letter 
discussing scholarship and teaching interests by November 26, 2007 
to Annette Oxindine, Search Committee Chair, Department of English 
Language and Literatures, Wright State University, Dayton, OH 45435. 

AA/EOE 


henry.limouze@wright.edu [R] 

Oklah oma 

U of Oklahoma 

English, 760 Van Vleet Oval, Rm 113 Norman OK 73019 

Assistant Professor of English in Renaissance Drama including
Shakespeare 420 

http://www.
ou.edu/cas/
english 

Tenure-track, 2–2 teaching load. PhD in hand by July 2008. Send letter, 
vita, and letters of recommendation to Professor Eve Bannet, English 
Department, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK 73019-0240. 
Final review of applications will begin November 10th and continue until 
position is filled. The University of Oklahoma is an AA/EO 
employer. 
Women and/or 
minorities are encouraged to apply. Interviews will be 
conducted at MLA. [R] 

Oregon 

Oregon SU 

English, 238 Moreland Hall Corvallis OR 97331 

Assistant Professor of English 227 

http://oregonstate.
edu/jobs 


A nine-month tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor, beginning 
fall 2008, in Early Modern English Studies, with desirable areas of 
focus or secondary specialties to include Shakespeare, 17th century British 
literature, and/or 
critical theory. Ph.D required at time of appointment. 
Significant teaching experience, publication record, and demonstrated 
scholarly innovation and commitment preferred. Preferred qualifications 
include a demonstrable commitment to promoting and enhancing diversity. 
Qualified applicants are invited to electronically upload the following 
materials: 1) letter of interest, 2) resume/vita, 
3) a record of course and 
thesis work, 4) contact information for three personal references. 
For full 
consideration apply by November 9, 2007. For review of the full position 
announcement refer to our website http://oregonstate.
edu/jobs. 
OSU is 
an AA/EOE 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor of Environmental Literature and Theory 222 

http://darkwing.
uoregon.edu/~engl/php/
webpage.php?home 

The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a tenuretrack 
assistant professor in Environmental Literature and Theory. Scholars 
working in areas of British, North American, colonial, post-colonial, indigenous, 
and ethnic American literary studies, as well as critical theory 
and rhetoric, are urged to apply. The most competitive applicants will 
possess teaching and research profiles capable of enhancing the University’s 
long-standing reputation for environmental leadership and “green” 
campus life, its well-established Environmental Studies undergraduate and 
graduate programs, and its tradition of innovative environmental research 
in science, social science, policy, law, and humanities. Research areas of 
special interest might include, without being limited to, discourses of science, 
place (including built and urban environments), race/ethnicity, 
environmental 
justice, and risk, as well as issues involving gender, animal 
studies, and post-humanism. 

Minimum Requirements: Ph.D. in English or related f ield in hand by 
time of appointment. Salary is competitive. Applicants should send a letter, 
c.v. references, and a writing sample of approximately 20 pages to: 

Professor Henry B. Wonham, English Department Head, University of 
Oregon, Eugene, OR 97403-1286 

Materials received after November 9, 2007 will not be considered. No 
electronic submissions. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action 
institution committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the 
Americans with Disabilities Act. We strongly encourage applications from 
candidates who share our commitment to diversity. [R] 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Robert D. and Eve E. Horn Endowed Chair in English 226 

http://darkwing.
uoregon.edu/~engl/php/
webpage.php?home 

The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a specialist 
in African American literary studies at the Full or Associate Professor 
rank. The successful candidate will hold the newly established Robert 
D. and Eve E. Horn Endowed Chair in English. We invite applications 
from scholars who have a distinguished record of research and teaching 
and who engage the field of African American literary and cultural studies 
in critically innovative and theoretically complex ways. This position 
is part of a five-position hiring initiative at the University in the fields of 
History, Ethnic Studies, and English. 

The deadline for applications, including, c.v., the names of three references, 
and a writing sample of at least 20 pages, is November 12, 2007. 
Applications should be sent to: 

Professor Henry B. Wonham, English Department Head, University of 
Oregon, Eugene, OR 97403-1286 

No electronic submissions. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans 
with Disabilities Act. We invite applications from candidates who 
share our commitment to diversity. [R] 



U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 224 

http://darkwing.
uoregon.edu/~engl/php/
webpage.php?home 

The University of Oregon English Department seeks candidates for a position 
in Renaissance/Early 
Modern British Literature (Assistant Professor, 
tenure track). We particularly encourage candidates who specialize in Renaissance 
prose, poetry and/or 
non-Shakespearean drama, and who demonstrate 
a broad understanding of the varieties of contemporary literary theory. 
The department is also committed to building on its current strengths in a 
variety of specialist sub-fields: these include, but are not limited to, issues of 
race, nation & empire; gender and sexuality, including queer theory; literature 
and the environment; and post-historicist aesthetics. 

Minimum Requirements: Ph.D. in English or related f ield in hand by 
time of appointment. Salary is competitive. Applicants should send a letter, 
c.v. references, and a writing sample of approximately 20 pages to: 

Professor Henry B. Wonham, English Department Head, University of 
Oregon, Eugene, OR 97403-1286 

Materials received after November 9, 2007 will not be considered. No 
electronic submissions. 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action 
institution committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the 
American with Disabilities Act. We strongly encourage applications from 
candidates who share our commitment to diversity. [R] 

Willamette U 

English, 900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant Professor of American Ethnic Literatures 561 

http://www.
willamette.edu/dept/
hr/employment/
faculty/ 

The Willamette University English Department invites applications for 
a tenure-track position in American Ethnic Literatures (Latino/a 
Literature, 
Native American Literature, or Asian-American Literature). The 
department seeks a Ph.D. with publications in her/his 
field and a strong 
commitment to teaching both literature and writing. Teaching load is five 
courses per year. 

Applications should include a short essay (1000 words maximum) on 
your approaches to teaching and your expected contribution to a department 
both generalist and interdisciplinary. Please send essay, letter of application, 
vitae, and contact information for three references to Gretchen 
Flesher Moon, Chair, Department of English, Willamette University, 900 
State Street, Salem, Oregon 97301. Review begins 5 November 2007. 

Willamette University is a very selective residential, liberal arts college 
in the heart of the Willamette Valley. Believing that diversity contributes 
to academic excellence and to rich and rewarding communities, WU is 
committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty, staff, and student 
body. We seek candidates, particularly those from historically under-represented 
groups, whose work furthers diversity and who bring to campus 
varied experiences, perspectives and backgrounds. For more information, 
see http://www.
willamette.edu/dept/
hr/employment/
faculty/ [R] 

Willamette U 

English, 900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant Professor of Medieval/Early 
Modern English 565 

http://www.
willamette.edu/dept/
hr/employment/
faculty/ 

The Willamette University English Department invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in Medieval and/or 
Early Modern English (Chaucer 
to Milton). The department seeks a Ph.D. with publications in her/his 
field and a strong commitment to teaching both literature and writing. 
Teaching load is five courses per year. 

Applications should include a short essay (1000 words maximum) on your 
approaches to teaching and your expected contribution to a department 
both generalist and interdisciplinary. Please send essay, letter of application, 
vitae, and contact information for three references to Gretchen 
Flesher Moon, Chair, Department of English, Willamette University, 900 
State Street, Salem, Oregon 97301. Review begins 5 November 2007. 

Willamette University is a very selective residential, liberal arts college 
in the heart of the Willamette Valley. Believing that diversity contributes 
to academic excellence and to rich and rewarding communities, WU is 
committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty, staff, and student 
body. We seek candidates, particularly those from historically under-represented 
groups, whose work furthers diversity and who bring to campus 
varied experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds. For more information, 
see http://www.
willamette.edu/dept/
hr/employment/
faculty/ [R] 

Pennsylvania 

Allegheny C 

English, 400 N Main St Meadville PA 16335 

Assistant Professor of Women’s Studies and English Renaissance 
Literature 183 

http://webpub.
allegheny.edu/dept/
english/ 

Allegheny College invites applicants for a joint, tenure track position in 
Women’s Studies and English Renaissance literature beginning in August, 
2008. Ph.D. required. Teaching responsibilities include core courses 
in Women’s Studies and both introductory and advanced courses in Early 
Modern British literature, including Shakespeare. In addition, all faculty 
are expected to teach first-year/sophomore 
seminars that emphasize writing 
and speaking. The successful candidate must provide evidence of excellence 
in teaching, ongoing scholarship and professional development. 
Allegheny College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a 
dedicated faculty of teacher-scholars. Please send letters of application and 
cv’s before November 1, 2007 to Professor David Miller, Chair, Department 
of English, Allegheny College, Meadville, PA 16335. Requests for 
dossiers and writing samples may follow. Allegheny College is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer 
with a strong institutio nal commitment to develop 
a diverse faculty and staff. Women and members of other underrepresented 
groups are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Arcadia U 

English, Communications, & Theater Arts, 450 S Easton Rd Glenside 
PA 19038 

Assistant Professor of English 847 

http://www.
arcadia.edu 

Arcadia University seeks an Assistant Professor for a full-time tenure-track 
position beginning in September 2008. Ph.D in composition and rhetoric 
preferred. Candidates should have a strong background in the pedagogy 
of writing and writing theory, an excellent teaching record and some administrative 
experience in a Writing Across the Curriculum program. S/ 
he 
should be able to help develop our writing program within a revised 
liberal arts curriculum. Expertise in a literary period is a plus. Send letter 
of application and curriculum vitae by November 1, 2007 to Jo Ann 
Weiner, Chair, Department of English, Communications and Theater 
Arts, Arcadia University, Glenside, PA, 19038. MLA interviews possible. 
AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Bryn Mawr C 

English, 101 N Merion Av Bryn Mawr PA 19010 

Assistant Professor of English and Film Studies 26 

http://www.
brynmawr.edu 

The English Department invites applicants for a tenure-track position at 
the rank of Assistant Professor, beginning fall 2008. We seek as candidates 
scholars whose expertise spans literary and film studies and who might 
bring one or more of the following specialties: narrative form including 



non-fiction or documentary; cross-cultural approaches; critical theory; 
new approaches to genre; performance studies; television and new media. 
We welcome those whose scholarship is informed by both historical and 
theoretical methodologies, and who are engaged in scholarly and curricular 
dialogue and innovation. Candidates should have some teaching experience 
and are expected to hold the PhD. by the time of appointment. 

In the English Department at Bryn Mawr College faculty teach at all levels 
of the undergraduate curriculum. Everyone teaches, at various times, 
the core course in our major, Methods of Literary Study, as well as courses 
in the multi-disciplinary College Seminar Prog ram for first year students. 
The successful candidate will also regularly contribute to Bryn Mawrs 
Film Studies program, including both introductory and advanced courses. 

Located in suburban Philadelphia, Bryn Mawr is a highly selective liberal 
arts college for women. Our students share an intense intellectual commitment, 
a self-directed and purposeful vision of their lives, and a desire 
to make meaningful contributions to the world. Bryn Mawr comprises 
an undergraduate college with 1,200 undergraduate students, as well as 
coeducational graduate schools in some humanities, sciences, and social 
work. The College supports faculty excellence in both teaching a nd research. 
Bryn Mawr is an equal-opportunity, affirmative action employer. 
Minority candidates and women are especially encouraged to apply. 

We will conduct interviews at the MLA convention in Chicago, IL. 
Please send a letter of application with your CV, a writing sample, and 
at least three current letters of reference by November 1 to: Katherine 
Rowe, Chair, Department of English, Bryn Mawr College, 101 North 
Merion Avenue, Bryn Mawr, PA, 19010-1022. [R] 

Bucknell U 

English, Lewisburg PA 17837 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 277 

http://www.
bucknell.edu/English.
xml 

Bucknell University seeks to hire an entry-level, tenure-track assistant professor 
with expertise in Renaissance (16th and 17th century) English literature, 
including drama; ability to teach Shakespeare required; secondary 
expertise in medieval literature desirable. The position is to begin in the 
fall of 2008. Candidates will be expected to teach at beginning, intermediate, 
and advanced levels on a five-course per year teaching load. Ph.D. preferred; 
ABD considered; teaching experience and publications preferred. 

Application deadline is November 1, 2007. Send letter of application, 
CV, and three letters of recommendation to Professor Harold Schweizer, 
Chair, Department of English, Bucknell University, Lewisburg, PA 17837. 
Bucknell University encourages applications from women and members of 
minority groups (EEO/AA). 
Please visit the Bucknell English Department 
on the web at http://www.
departments.bucknell.edu/english. 
[R] 

Cabrini C 

Lang, 610 King of Prussia Rd Radnor PA 19087 

Assistant Professor of English (Writing Program) 982 

http://www.
cabrini.edu/hr 


Cabrini College invites applications for a full-time faculty position (Assistant 
Professor of English/Writing 
Program Director) in the Department 
of English to begin August 2008. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate 
courses in literature and writing, show evidence of a strong 
background in the area of social justice education, and assume significant 
responsibility for development and administration of the College writing 
program. A completed English Ph.D. in an area other than American literature 
is preferred. Expectations for Cabrini faculty include teaching excellence, 
scholarship and professional activities, curriculum development, 
student advising, and departmental and college-wide service. Application 
materials should be received no later than November 15th. Selected candidates 
will be interviewed at MLA. Send CV, cover letter, three letters of 
recommendation and statement of teaching philosophy to: Cabrini College, 
HR, English Search, 610 King of Pr ussia Road, Radnor, PA 19087. 
Visit www.cabrini.edu Cabrini College is actively committed to diversity 
within its community. [R] 

Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 5000 Forbes Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Assistant Professor of English 705 

http://english.
cmu.edu 

The Program in Literary and Cultural Studies in the English Department 
at Carnegie Mellon University is searching for an Assistant Professor of 
English in the area of African American Studies. The ideal candidate will 
show promise of a distinguished research career and may have interests 
or expertise in any of the following areas: nineteenth and/or 
twentieth 
century African American literature and culture, nineteenth century 
American literature, African American drama and performance, critical 
race/ethnicity 
studies, transatlantic black studies, or film. The Literary 
and Cultural Studies program at CMU is one of the oldest in the country, 
offering four undergraduate and graduate degrees (BA, MA, M.Litt., and 
Ph.D.) with emphases in a range of periods and national traditions. As 
a faculty, we are committed to a vision of teaching and scholarship that 
is both theoretically aware and grounded in the concerns of a particular 
historical period and cultural context. Interes ted candidates may send not 
later than November 15a letter of interest, CV and letters of reference to 
LCS Search Committee, c/o 
Vickie Makel, Department of English, Baker 
Hall 259, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, 
PA 15213-3890. 

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Dickinson C 

English, PO Box 1773 Carlisle PA 17013 

Assistant Professor of English 515 

http://www.
dickinson.edu/ 

Tenure track. The department invites applications from candidates with 
a primary specialization in Shakespeare. We also desire a secondary specialization 
in film studies. Other areas of interest and competence which 
would enrich our offerings include Elizabethan and Jacobean drama and 
16th-century 
poetry. Teaching responsibilities: Five courses per year on a 
two-semester schedule. Faculty must teach at every undergraduate level. 
Candidates should have the Ph.D. in hand by July 2008, when the appointment 
begins, or soon thereafter. Requirements include excellence 
in teaching and scholarship demonstrated by recommendations (with 
teaching 
evaluations if available) and evidence of scholarly activity and/ 
or 
publication. 

Dickinson College is a private, highly selective liberal arts college of 2300 
undergraduate students located in central Pennsylvania 20 miles southwest 
of the state capitol in Harrisburg and within easy driving distance (from 1 
½-3 hours) of Baltimore, Washington, Philadelphia, and New York. The 
college is known and respected widely for its international and interdisciplinary 
programs. Salary and benefits are very competitive, support for 
travel to conferences and for research is generous, and sabbatical (every 
six years) support includes pre-tenure leave. Dickinson is committed to 
diversity, and we encourage candidates who will contribute to meeting 
that goal to apply. 

Send letters of application, with curriculum vitae, to Professor Carol Ann 
Johnston, Chair, at English Department, Dickinson College, P.O. Box 
1773, Carlisle, PA 17013 by November 15, 2007, or by email attachment 
to the departments admi nistrative assistant, Ms. Winters-Fazio, at wintersk@
dickinson.edu. Applications will be acknowledged by email, and 
further requests for dossiers and writing samples will follow if appropriate. 
We will hold interviews at the MLA convention in December and invite 
finalists to campus in 2008. For more information, please contact Professor 
Johnston at johnston@dickinson.edu. We especially encourage applicants 
to visit our web sit at http://www.
dickinson.edu to see the scope 
and shape of our departmental curriculum. [R] 



Drexel U 

English & Philos, 3141 Chestnut St Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Professor of English 101 

http://www.
drexel.edu/coas/
engphil 

Drexel University is seeking an Assistant Professor of English with a 
specialty in composition and rhetoric who will teach first-year writing 
courses and assist in the development of new writing initiatives at the 
University. Based in the Department of English & Philosophy (www 
.drexel.edu/coas/
engphil), this tenure-track appointment begins September 
1, 2008. 

Candidates for the Assistant Professor position in composition and rhetoric 
should have the following qualifications: 

A Ph.D. in composition and rhetoric 

A research agenda that will provide strong evidence of the potential for 
ongoing scholarly activity 

Expertise in writing assessment 

Expertise in composition pedagogy 

Evidence of strong teaching ability 

Interest in and competency with digital learning technologies, both in 
terms of theory and practice 

Applicants should direct a letter of application and curriculum vitae to 
Scott Warnock, Ph.D., Chair of the Hiring Committee, Director of 
the Freshman Writing Program, Department of English & Philosophy, 
Drexel University, 3141 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104. Email: 
sjwarnock@drexel.edu 

The deadline for application is October 22, 2007. 

Drexel University is an Equa l Oppor tunity/Af 
f irmat ive Act ion 
Employer. 
[R] 

Eastern U 

English, 1300 Eagle Rd St Davids PA 19087 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 468 

http://www.
eastern.edu/academic/
trad_undg/sas/
depts/english/ 


Full-time, tenure-track appointment beginning August 2008. Applicants 
should have an emphasis in some aspect of British Literature before the 
Eighteenth Century, and competency in the teaching of composition. 

A Ph.D. and some teaching experience are required; commitment to excellence 
in undergraduate teaching, mentoring students, and scholarship 
are expected. 

Duties include teaching a standard load (currently four courses each semester), 
and standard responsibilities after the first year, including student 
advising and committee assignments. Courses include Restoration and 
Eighteenth Century, Chaucer, and introductory composition, and after 
the first year Shakespeare and Milton. Specialties can be negotiated. Salary 
is commensurate with experience. 

Eastern is a Christian university; applicants should have a religious commitment 
compatible with the Christian mission of the university (http:// 
www.
eastern.edu/welcom/
missionstatement.shtml). 

Applications should be postm arked before November 20, 2007. Applications 
will be acknowledged by email. Submit letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, transcripts, three letters of recommendation, and evidence 
of teaching ability to: 

Eastern University, Off ice of Human Resources, Attn: Search #0762, 
1300 Eagle Road, St. Davids, PA [R] 

Franklin & Marshall C 

English, PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Renaissance literature 893 

The Franklin & Marshall English Department invites applications for a 
possible three-year visiting Assistant Professorship, beginning in the fall of 
2008. We are looking for an English Renaissance literature specialist. We 
welcome secondary teaching interests in any other literatures written in 
English. Evidence of scholarly activity, a commitment to undergraduate 
teaching, and a Ph.D. preferred. The 3/2 
teaching load will include a Renaissance 
literature course and a Shakespeare course—no composition— 
as well as involvement in the general education program. Please submit a 
letter of application, c.v., graduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, 
a writing sample, and, if possible, teaching evaluations to: Judith 
Mueller, Chair, English Department, Franklin & Marshall College, P.O. 
Box 3003, Lancaster, PA 17604-3003. F&M is a highly selective private 
liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to cultural pluralism. 
EOE. Application deadline: N ovember 16, 2007. We will not accept 
materials submitted electronically. [R] 

Franklin & Marshall C 

English, PO Box 3003 Lancaster PA 17604 

Visiting Assistant Professor of creative writing 896 

The Franklin & Marshall English Department invites applications from 
creative non-f iction writers for a possible three-year visiting Assistant 
Professorship, to begin in the fall of 2008. Significant publications, including 
at least one book, commitment to undergraduate teaching, and 
a terminal degree in creative writing are required. Teaching experience 
in a secondary genre is welcome. The 3/2 
teaching load will include a 
multi-genre introductory creative writing course, a non-fiction writing 
workshop, literature offerings, and involvement in the College’s general 
education program. The writer we seek will become part of a thriving 
writing community, which includes a Creative Writing major, a Writers 
House, and an impressive reading series, including the F&M Emerging 
Writers Festival. Please submit a cover letter, c.v., graduate transcripts, 
three letters of recommendation, a writing sample, and, if possible, teaching 
evaluations to: Judith Mueller, Chair, English Department, Franklin 
& Marshall College, P.O. Box 3003, Lancaster, PA 17604-3003. F&M is 
a highly selective private liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment 
to cultural pluralism. EOE. Application deadline: November 16, 
2007. We will not accept materials submitted electronically. [R] 

Gettysburg C 

English, 300 N Washington St, CB 397 Gettysburg PA 17325 

Fiction/Nonfiction 
Writer Visiting Assistant Professor 852 

http://www.
gettysburg.edu 

One-year appointment as a sabbatical replacement, beginning August 
2008, for a fiction/nonfiction 
writer with demonstrated expertise in 
both genres to teach three courses per semester (Introduction to Creative 
Writing and advanced writing courses in memoir, personal essay, and fiction 
writing) and assist with departmental writing activities. The individual 
will provide support for the Writing House, the Colleges residential 
program for students interested in writing, by administering a reading series 
and directing one field trip. The individual will also serve as advisor 
to the Mercury, the Colleges student literary magazine. M.A. or M.F.A., 
teaching experience, and book publication required. Competitive Salary. 
To apply, send letter of application, c.v., the names of three references, 
and a 5–10 page writing sample to Prof. Jack Ryan, Chair, Department 
of English, Box 397, Gettysburg College, 300 N. Washington St., Gettysburg, 
PA 17325, postmarked by November 16, 2007. Gettysburg College 
is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 90 minutes 
of the Washington/Baltimore 
metropolitan area. Established in 1832, the 
College has a rich history and is situated on a 220-acre campus with an 
enrollment of over 2,600 students. Gettysburg College celebrates diver



sity and welcomes applications from members of any group that has been 
historically underrepresented in the American academy. The College assures 
equal employment opportunity and prohibits discrimination on the 
basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, sexual orientation, 
age, or disability. [R] 

Gettysburg C 

English, 300 N Washington St, CB 397 Gettysburg PA 17325 

Environmental Humanities Assistant Professor 861 

http://www.
gettysburg.edu 

Gettysburg College invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
position in Environmental Humanities in the interdisciplinary 
Environmental Studies Department to begin Fall 2008. Field of specialization 
is open. Teaching responsibilities include one or more upper-division 
courses in the candidates area of specialization, an environmental 
humanities core course for ES majors, and an introductory environmental 
science course for non-majors. Candidates must hold a terminal degree 
(either Ph.D. or M.F.A.) and be committed to interdisciplinary teaching 
in the liberal arts tradition. The College is prepared to assist in establishing 
a program of scholarly activity involving students, including paid pretenure 
sabbatical leave following a successful pre-tenure review. 

The successful candidate will play a key role in broadening the scope of 
a growing and energetic Environmental Studies Department and benefit 
from other notable programs on campus such as the First Year Seminar 
Program, Writing Program, Gettysburg Review, Civil War Institute, 
Eisenhower Institute, Majestic Theater, and Center for Public Service. 

Gettysburg College is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 
90 minutes of the Washington/Baltimore 
metropolitan area. Established 
in 1832, the College has a rich history and is situated on a 220-acre 
campus with an enrollment of over 2,600 students. Gettysburg College 
celebrates diversity and welcomes applications from members of any 
group that has been historically underrepresented in the American academy. 
The College assures equal employment opportunity and prohibits 
discrimination 
on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, 
sexual orientation, age, or disability. 

Send curriculum vitae, statement of teaching and research goals, and three 
letters of reference (of which at least one can speak to the candidates teaching 
effectiveness). Complete applications received by November 15, 2007, 
will be afforded full consideration. Apply: Dr. Randall K. Wilson, Chair, 
Environmental Studies Department, Box 2455, Gettysburg College, Gettysburg, 
PA 17325. Email: rwilson@gettysburg.edu. Department home 
page www.gettysburg.edu/academics/
environmental_studies/. [R] 

Gettysburg C 

English, 300 N Washington St, CB 397 Gettysburg PA 17325 

Restoration & 18th Century Position Assistant Professor 856 

http://www.
gettysburg.edu 

We invite applications for a tenure-track position in Restoration and 
18th-century 
British Literature at the Assistant Professor level. Ideally, 
candidates should have completed a Ph.D. in that field by August 2008. 
The 3/2 
teaching assignment typically includes an advanced level topics 
course, intermediate survey course, and a first-year writing course. Evidence 
of exemplary teaching is required. Salary is competitive and commensurate 
with experience. To apply, send letter of application, c.v., and 
the names of three references to Prof. Jack Ryan, Chair, Department of 
English, Box 397, Gettysburg College, 300 N. Washington St., Gettysburg, 
PA 17325, postmarked by November 9, 2007. Gettysburg College 
is a highly selective liberal arts college located within 90 minutes of the 
Washington/Baltimore 
metropolitan area. Established in 1832, the College 
has a rich history and is situated on a 220-acre campus with an enrollment 
of over 2,600 students. Gettysburg College celebrates diversity 
and welcomes applications from members of any group that has been historically 
underrepresented in the American academy. The College assures 
equal employment opportunity and prohibits discrimination on the basis 
of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, or 
disability. [R] 

Lafayette C 

English, Chair of Search Committee Easton PA 18042 

Assistant Professor of English 72 

http://www.
lafayette.edu 

Tenure-track position for a specialist in Modern British fiction, beginning 
August 2008. Ph.D. by start date and teaching experience required. 
Teaching load of f ive courses per year includes introductory writing, 
courses in the specialty, introductory courses in literature, and interdisciplinary 
seminars in the Common Course of Study. Competitive salary 
and benefits. Please send application-letter and vita only-to Professor 
Suzanne Westfall, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, 
Lafayette College, Easton, PA 18042. Applications will be acknowledged 
by e-mail. After an initial screening we will request dossiers and writing 
samples. Preliminary interviews will be held at the MLA convention. Lafayette 
College is an Equal Opportunity Employer; 
women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

Lebanon Valley C 

English, College Av Annville PA 17003 

Assistant Professor of English 409 

http://www.
lvc.edu/english 


Lebanon Valley College invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track 
assistant professor of English position beginning fall 2008. The successful 
candidate must have a firm commitment to undergraduate teaching and 
will teach freshman writing, literature, communications, and upper-level 
writing courses. 

Ph.D. in literature or rhetoric and composition and experience in teaching 
literature and composition required. Preference given to candidates 
with a secondary specialty in literary journalism and/or 
creative writing. 
Professional or academic experience in editing, publishing, new media, 
advertising, print, or broadcast journalism also an asset. 

Complete applications, consisting of curriculum vitae, statement of teaching 
philosophy, original transcripts, publication sample, and three letters 
of reference should be sent to Dr. Philip Billings, Acting Chair, Department 
of English, Lebanon Valley College, 101 North College Avenue, 
Annville, PA 17003; billings@lvc.edu. Review of candidates will begin 
on November 15, 2007, and continue until the position is filled. Preliminary 
interviews will be conducted at MLA. 

Lebanon Valley College is a small, private, residential, coeducational liberal 
arts college with about 1660 students located in south central Pennsylvania 
and within two hours drive of Philadelphia, Baltimore, and 
Washington, D.C. Annually placed within the top tier of comparable 
institutions in the Northeast, LVC is also ranked Number One in the 
Great Schools, Great Prices category among Best Baccalaureate Colleges 
in U.S.News and World Reports 2008 edition of Americas Best Colleges. 
The school has enjoyed a sustained period of growth, highlighted 
by increased student enrollment, extensive new construction and renovation, 
and recent completion of a highly successful capital campaign. Additional 
information about the College and Department can be found at 
www.lvc.edu and www.lvc.edu/english. 
Applications from women and 
underrepresented 
mi norities are particularly encouraged. EOE. [R] 

Mercyhurst C 

English, 501 E 38th St Erie PA 16546 

Assistant Professor of English 284 

http://english.
mercyhurst.edu/ 

The Department of English at Mercyhurst College invites applications for 
a position in Medieval and Renaissance British literature, with an emphasis 
on Shakespeare. Experience in theater production a plus. This ten



ure-track position begins August 2008. Responsibilities include teaching 
composition, literary surveys, and seminars in British literature before 
1650; engaging in research; and participating in college service. Standard 
load is 3–3-2, distributed over the term system. Ph.D. required. 

Applications should include a letter focused on teaching experience and 
interests, a CV, and a self-addressed, stamped postcard. Mail to Dr. Jeffrey 
Roessner, Chair, English Department, Mercyhurst College, 501 East 38th 
Street, Erie, PA 16546. Review of applications begins Nov. 1 for MLA 
interviews. 

Mercyhurst is a Catholic college in the liberal arts tradition, with nationally 
recognized programs in arts, sciences, and intelligence studies. The 
Tudor-styled “College on t he Hill” overlooks the city of Erie in Northwest 
Pennsylvania, which lies behind Presque Isle, a peninsula and state 
park with seven miles of natural recreation opportunities. The college is 
an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer 
and is committed to 
developing a diverse faculty and staff. [R] 

Millersville U 

English, Chryst Hall Millersville PA 17551 

English Department-Journalism Full-time, tenure-track Instructor/Assistant 
Professor 122 

http://www.
millersville.edu 

English Department-Journalism 

Full-time, tenure-track Instructor/Assistant 
Professor position beginning 
August 2008. Teach courses in print journalism minor. Duties include 
teaching Fundamentals of Journalism, Press in Society and other journalism 
courses. 

Required: M.A. in Journalism or in English with Journalism concentration 
(Must have doctorate for eligibility for reappointment to the third 
year); ability to teach introductory and advanced Journalism writing and 
theory classes; prior teaching experience to include courses in media history, 
media theory, reporting, news writing, feature writing, and/or 
editing; 
practical Journalism experience; skill in design and layout software 
including InDesign and Adobe Page Maker. Successful interview and 
teaching demonstration. 

Preferred: Ph.D. in Journalism or related area. Experience in website development, 
new media and with journalism program assessment. Ability 
to teach composition at advan ced or introductory levels; willingness to 
engage in curriculum development. Familiarity with new media convergence 
and/or 
design. 

Full consideration given to applications received by October 21, 2007. 
Send cover letter addressing qualifications, CV, copies of current graduate 
and undergraduate transcripts, three current letters of recommendation, 
copies of a recent news article, and any one of the following: feature article, 
editorial, or commentary piece to: 

Journalism Search Committee Chair, English Department/MLAWEB, 
Millersville University, P.O. Box 1002, Millersville, PA 17551-0302 

An EO/AA 
Institution 

www.millersville.edu 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 110 

http://www.
psu.edu 

Penn State Delaware County, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, 
invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor of English. 
Start Date: August 2008. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach composition as well as intermediate and advanced 
level literature courses in support of the English major, and courses 
in area of expertise using traditional and hybrid delivery modes. Publish 
in refereed journals. Participate in professional organizations. Participate 
in course, curriculum, and program development. Advise students and 
provide career guidance. Participate in campus, university, and community 
service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English with specialization in Medieval 
and early British Literature, plus secondary expertise in another area of 
British literature ranging from Renaissance to contemporary British literature. 
We seek candidates with a strong commitment to teaching excellence 
and serious scholarship. The normal teaching load is three courses (9 
hours) per semester, including a significant component of writing competency 
courses. 

For more information about the campus, visit http://www.
psu.edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll.html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications must be submitted as a Microsoft 
WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of references. Application review begins October 1, 2007 and 
continues until a suitable candidate is found. Interviews of selected candidates 
will be held at MLA. Inquiries: Dr. Paul deGategno, Director of 
Academic Affairs, Penn State Delaware County. E-mail: pjd15@psu.edu. 
Telephone: (610) 892-1410. AA/EOE 


Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 113 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 112 

http://www.
psu.edu 

Penn State Hazleton, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, 
invites applications for two tenure-track Assistant Professors of English. 
Start Date: August 2008. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach undergraduate courses in English composition 
and humanities electives, including both introductory and advanced 
courses in writing. Course load is 3 courses each semester. Publish in 
refereed journals. Participate in professional organizations. Participate in 
course, curriculum, and program development. Advise students and provide 
career guidance. Participate in campus, university, and community 
service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English and scholarly expertise required 
in rhetoric and composition; ABD may be considered. Field(s) of specialization 
open. Interest in business writing, technical writing, and/or 
writing and technology is welcome. Evidence of potential in research and 
publication is expected. Commitment to high-quality instruction in a 
student-center ed environment is desired. Interest in active and collaborative 
learning and the instructional use of technology is an advantage. 
Prior college-level and online teaching experience preferred. Enthusiasm 
for working in a multidisciplinary environment is important. 

For more information about the campus, visit http://www.
psu.edu/ur/ 
cmpcoll.html. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: To apply submit a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications must be submitted as a Microsoft 
WORD or PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu. Finalists will be asked to provide 
a list of references. Application review begins November 15, 2007 
and continues until a suitable candidate is found. Inquiries: Dr. Monica 
E. Gregory, Director of Academic Affairs, Penn State Hazleton. E-mail: 
meg5@psu.edu. Telephone: (570) 450-3188. 

Penn State U 

English, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

19th/20th 
Century Jewish American Literature and Culture 220 

http://english.
la.psu.edu/ 

The Jewish Studies Program in collaboration with the Department of 
English announces an Assistant or junior Associate Professor tenure-track 
position (Malvin and Lea Bank Assistant/Associate 
Professor of Jewish 
Studies and English) for a promising scholar of Jewish-American literature 
and culture of the 19th and 20th centuries. Preferred start date, Fall 2008. 
This position will be shared equally between the Jewish Studies program 



and the Department of English, where tenure will be located. Responsibilities 
will include active participation in Penn State’s Undergraduate 
Major and Minor in Jewish Studies, as well as energetic engagement in 
the research, instruction, and service missions of the graduate and undergraduate 
programs of the Department of English. Enthusiasm for and 
demonstrated ability in classroom teaching are essential. Ph.D. required 
in English, Jewish Studies, or other relevant field in hand by August 1, 
2008. Send letter of application, c.v., and th ree letters of reference to Professor 
James L. W. West III, Chair, Search Committee in 19th/20th 
Century 
Jewish-American Literature and Culture, Box JAL, 112 Burrowes 
Building, Department of English, Penn State University, University Park, 
PA 16802-6200, U.S.A. Screening of applications will begin October 15, 
2007. Applications will be considered until the position is filled. Penn 
State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity 
of its workforce. [R] 

Penn State U 

English, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of American Literature and Culture Before 1900 218 

http://english.
la.psu.edu/ 

Penn State English seeks a promising scholar and proven teacher to participate 
in our graduate and undergraduate programs and contribute to initiatives 
in our new Center for American Literary Studies. Our preferences 
include scholarship that exhibits historically and theoretically informed 
transnational dimensions. Ph.D. required by August 1, 2008. Preferred 
start date, Fall 2008. Please send a letter of application, c.v., and dissertation 
abstract to Professor Christopher Castiglia, Search Committee Chair, 
Box EAL, 112 Burrowes Building, Department of English, Penn State, 
University Park, PA 16802-6200, U.S.A. Screening of applications will 
begin October 15, 2007. Applications will be considered until the position 
is filled. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, 
and the diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Penn State U, Altoona 

English, 3000 Ivyside Park Altoona PA 16601 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 243 

http://www.
altoona.psu.edu 

(Tenure-Track) 

The Pennsylvania State University, the Altoona College invites applications 
for a tenure-track appointment for a Rhetoric and Composition specialist 
in the Division of Arts and Humanities. The candidate must be 
able to teach both introductory and advanced writing courses. The ability 
to teach professional writing, advanced business writing, or other writing 
courses contributing to our B.A. program in English is highly desirable. 

Located in the beautiful Allegheny Mountains of central Pennsylvania, 
Penn State Altoona is a largely residential campus of 4000 students offering 
18 baccalaureate degree programs and the first two years of 180 
Penn State baccalaureate degrees. Degree offerings at Penn State Altoona 
will continue to expand. Only 40 miles from the University Park campus, 
Altoona College offers the advantages of small college teaching with the 
readily available resources of a major research university. 

The position re quires a Ph.D. in English or related field, and is a tenuretrack 
appointment at the level of assistant professor or a rank commensurate 
with qualifications beginning in Fall 2008. Applicants should present 
a record of evidence and potential effectiveness in teaching, research, and 
service. Candidates should have a strong commitment to undergraduate 
education, research, student recruitment and retention, and curricular development 
and assessment. Penn State Altoona offers a competitive salary 
and an attractive benefits package. 

Applicants should send a letter of application establishing their qualifications; 
a current vita; a description of teaching phil osophy and evidence of 
teaching effectiveness; a statement of research interests; transcripts (official 
transcripts required at the time of an interview); and three letters of reference. 
Applicants are strongly encouraged to submit their applications and 
accompanying materials electronically to artsandhumanities@psu.edu in 
Word or PDF formats. Review of applications will begin the week of November 
1, 2007, and continue until the position is filled. Initial interviews 
will be conducted at the annual Modern Language Association meeting 
in December 2007, but all applicants will be considered. Non-electronic 
inquiries, applications, and additional materials s hould be sent to: 

Chair Search Committee for English, Penn State Altoona, Box B-25492, 
3000 Ivyside Park, Altoona, PA 16601-3760 

For additional information about Penn State Altoona, please visit our web 
page at http://www.
altoona.psu.edu. 

Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity and the 
diversity of its workforce. [R] 

Penn State U, Erie, Behrend C 

Humanities & Social Sciences, 4951 College Drive Erie PA 16563 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English 517 

http://www.
behrend.psu.edu/ 

The English Program at Penn State Erie, The Behrend College invites 
applications for a tenure-track position as either an assistant or associate 
professor in American multicultural literature, beginning August, 2008. 
Area of specialization should be in one or more of the following: African- 
American literature, Latina/o 
or Chicana/o 
literature, Native American 
literature, Asian-American literature, Caribbean literature, or ethnic literature. 
The position requires excellence in teaching and scholarship, as 
well as involvement in college and departmental service. Course load is 
three classes per semester. Responsibilities include teaching surveys, specialty 
courses, and at least one composition course per year. Ph.D. and 
college teaching experience preferred. 

Penn State Behrend is a comprehensive four-year and residential college of 
Penn State in Erie, PA. The college prides itself on the balance it achieves 
between teaching and research. Located on a beautiful, wooded hilltop 
campus, Penn State Behrend offers its 4000 undergraduate and graduate 
students an inspiring and technologically-advanced environment characterized 
by close student/faculty 
interaction. For more information about 
the college and major, please visit our Web site (www.behrend.psu.edu). 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Chair, Multicultural Literature Search Committee, Box M, School of 
Humanities and Social Sciences, Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, 
Erie, PA, 16563-1501 

Review of applications will begin October 8, 2007 and continue until the 
position is filled. 

Penn State University is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity 
and the diversity of its workforce. 

Penn State U, Erie, Behrend C 

Humanities & Social Sciences, 4951 College Drive Erie PA 16563 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English/Creative 
Writing 518 

http://www.
behrend.psu.edu 

Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, is accepting applications for a tenure-
track position as either Assistant or Associate Professor of English and 
Creative Writing, with a primary specialty in literary nonfiction and a 
secondary specialty in either fiction or poetry, beginning August, 2008. 
The position requires excellence in teaching and scholarship, as well as 
involvement in college and departmental service. Course load is three 
classes per semester. Teaching responsibilities include courses in literary 
nonfiction, either poetry or fiction, and other related courses. 

Qualifications: M.F.A. or Ph.D.; teaching experience at the college or 
university level; significant publications in literary nonfiction, including 
at least one book from a reputable national press, and significant publications 
in either fiction or poetry. 

Penn State Behrend is a comprehensive four-year a nd residential college 
of Penn State University in Erie, PA. The college prides itself on the bal



ance it achieves between teaching and research. Located on a beautiful, 
wooded hilltop campus, Penn State Behrend offers its 4000 undergraduate 
and graduate students an inspiring and technologically-advanced environment 
characterized by close student/faculty 
interaction. For more 
information about the college and major, please visit our Web site (www 
.behrend.psu.edu). 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, 
evidence of teaching effectiveness, writing sample, and three letters of 
recommendation to: Chair, English/Creative 
Writin g Search Committee, 
Box M, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Penn State Erie, 
The Behrend College, Erie, PA 16563-1501 

Review of applications will begin October 8, 2007 and continue until the 
position is filled. 

Penn State University is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity 
and the diversity of its workforce. 

Saint Joseph’s U 

English, 5600 City Av Philadelphia PA 19131 

Assistant Professor of English, Late Medieval/Renaissance 
Literature 481 

http://www.
sju.edu/cas/
english 

Pending approval by the Board of Trustees, the Department of English at 
Saint Joseph’s University is currently recruiting for a tenure-track position 
in Late Medieval (Chaucer) and Renaissance literature effective August 
2008. The departmental load is 3/3 
and will include regular teaching 
of courses in the Medieval and Renaissance course offerings. All faculty 
members are involved in advising for majors and teaching the introductory 
writing and literature courses. They also have the opportunity to 
teach in the masters degree program in Writing Studies. English programs 
are offered on both day and evening schedules. For further information 
about the department, please visit our website at www.sju.edu/ 
cas/
english. 
The search chair is Dr. Richard Haslam, Department of English 
(rhaslam@sju.edu). 

Applicants should have dedication to teaching and demonstrated potential 
for scholarly activity. This position requires a Ph.D in English or Comparative 
Literature; Ph.D. in h and by August 2008. 

In order to be considered for the position, all candidates must apply online. 
Please log on to the Saint Joseph’s University Human Resource website 
using the following link http://www.
sju.edu/hr; 
click on Employment 
and follow the instructions. Applications are to include (1) a curriculum 
vitae, including the names of 3 references with complete contact information 
(e.g., address, phone, and email) and (2) a letter outlining academic 
achievements (including dissertation), research plans, and teaching philosophy. 
Please do not send hard copies of documents. Dossiers and writing 
samples will be requested after initial screening. Applicati ons will 
be accepted until November 2, 2007, and preliminary interviews will be 
conducted at the MLA Convention. 

Saint Joseph’s University is a private, Catholic, Jesuit institution and expects 
members of its community to be knowledgeable about its mission 
and to make a positive contribution to that mission. 

AA/EOE 
M/F/
D/V 
[R] 

Saint Vincent C 

English, 300 Fraser Purchase Rd Latrobe PA 15650 

Assistant Professor of English 596 

http://www.
stvincent.edu 

ENGLISH (American Literature): Saint Vincent College, Latrobe, Pennsylvania, 
seeks applications for a full-time, tenure track position in English 
as an Assistant Professor beginning August 2008. Ph.D. in English 
in hand at time of appointment; competence in teaching survey and 
advanced courses in American Literature; evidence of excellence in undergraduate 
teaching; and a commitment to continuing scholarly activity. 
Preference will be given to candidates who can teach courses in 19th 
Century American Literature and Minority or Environmental Literature. 
Responsibilities include teaching courses in American Literature and Minority 
or Environmental Literature; freshman composition, and upperdivision 
department seminars. The normal teaching load is four courses 
per semester. Applications must be received by Nov. 5, 2007. Interviews 
will be held at the MLA Convention in Chicago. Saint Vincent College 
is a Catholic, Benedictine, liberal arts college of 1,750 student s located 
thirty-five miles southeast of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. For a full description 
and application procedures, see: http://www.
stvincent.edu. [R] 

Shippensburg U 

English, 1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Creative Writing—Poetry 76 

http://www.
ship.edu 

Tenure-track assistant professor in Creative Writing (Poetry), full-time 
appointment beginning August 2008. MFA or PhD required by time of 
appointment. Candidates must demonstrate a commitment to teaching, 
service, and professional activity including published poetry (preferably a 
book). Twelve-hour course load each semester will include creative writing, 
other courses in the English major, and general education courses, 
with course reduction available for advising the student literary magazine. 
Additional teaching expertise in creative nonfiction and/or 
literary study 
desirable. The committee will request writing samples from selected candidates 
and may meet with these candidates at MLA. On-campus interviews 
will include a demonstration of teaching effectiveness and a brief 
poetry reading. 

Submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts, and three letters of reference to: 

Michael Bibby, Chair, Creative Writing Search Committee, Department 
of English, Shippensburg University, 1871 Old Main Drive, Shippensburg, 
PA 17257 

Review of applications begins November 2, 2007, and will continue until 
the position is filled. 

For more information about the Department of English and Shippensburg 
University, see http://webspace.
ship.edu/english/. 


All candidates must furnish proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. upon 
appointment. Offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion 
of a criminal background check. Evidence of a commitment to 
understanding diverse populations will be required as part of the on-campus 
interview. Women, persons of color, veterans, and the disabled are 
encouraged to apply. Shippensburg University is committed to equal employment 
opportunity. 

Swarthmore C 

English Lit, 500 College Av Swarthmore PA 19081 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 377 

History of the Novel in English 

Tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level in the history of the 
novel in English, beginning Fall 2008. Expertise in the rise of the novel, 
the Victorian period, theory (including narrative theory), and twentieth-
century 
and contemporary developments in fiction in English are 
especially welcome. Ph.D. should be completed by the beginning of the 
appointment; teaching experience required. Send letter of application, 
CV, dossier (including transcript), and writing sample (15–20 pages maximum) 
to Prof. Peter Schmidt, Chair, Department of English Literature, 
Swarthmore College, 500 College Avenue, Swarthmore, Pa. 19081-1397. 
Deadline for applications is a postmark of November 1, 2007. Swarthmore 
College is an EO employer; 
women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. 



Temple U 

English, 1114 W Berks St Philadelphia PA 19122 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 322 

http://www.
temple.edu/english 


The Department of English at Temple University is searching for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor in Renaissance literature. Focus on drama 
strongly preferred, with significant research in or experience teaching 
Shakespeare. A successful candidate will teach in both our undergraduate 
major and in our Ph.D. program and show promise of significant scholarly 
productivity. Current teaching load is 2/2 
for faculty with a significant 
research agenda. Salary commensurate with qualifications and teaching 
experience. Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Temple University 
is an equal opportunity, equal access, affirmative action employer, 
committed 
to achieving a diverse community. Qualified women and minority 
candidates are encouraged to apply. Interviews conducted at MLA. 

To receive full consideration, applications (letter/cv/
dossier) should be 
postmarked by Oct. 15th. Send applications to Shannon Miller, Chair, 
Department of English, Temple University, 1114 W. Berks St., Philadelphia, 
PA 19122. [R] 

Temple U 

English, 1114 W Berks St Philadelphia PA 19122 

Assistant Professor of Romantic Literature 323 

http://www.
temple.edu/english 


The Department of English at Temple University is searching for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor in Romantic literature. Emphasis on poetry 
preferred, though strong projects in prose or in multiple genres will be 
considered. Interest in issues of transnational romanticism a plus. A successful 
candidate will teach in both our undergraduate major and in our 
Ph.D. program and show promise of significant scholarly productivity. 
Current teaching load is 2/2 
for faculty with a significant research agenda. 
Salary commensurate with qualifications and teaching experience. Ph.D. 
required by time of appointment. Temple University is an equal opportunity, 
equal access, affirmative action employer, 
committed to achieving 
a diverse community. Qualified women and minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. Interviews conducted at MLA. 

To receive full consideration, applications (letter/cv/
dossier) should be 
postmarked by Oct. 15th. Send applications to Shannon Miller, Ch air, 
Department of English, Temple University, 1114 W. Berks St., Philadelphia, 
PA 19122. [R] 

U of Pennsylvania 

English, 34th & Walnut St, Fisher-Bennett Hall Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Professor of English 308 

http://www.
english.upenn.edu/ 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in Black Atlantic/African 
Diaspora literature. We are particularly interested 
in candidates who specialize in comparative approaches to black 
literatures. We are also interested in candidates who focus on the circulation 
of black literary cultures (for example, between the U.S., Canada, 
the Caribbean, and Britain), but we welcome applications from other 
areas of expertise in Black Atlantic/African 
diasporic literatures. The normal 
teaching load is two courses per semester. Salary and benefits will 
be competitive. Please send letter of application, CV, and at least three 
letters of recommendation to Professor Thadious Davis, Department of 
English, Fisher-Bennett Hall, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 
PA 19104-6273. Applicants must also complete a short on-line profile at 
https://fusion.sas.upenn.edu/faculty/
pos/english/
diaspora. Candidates are 
encouraged to apply by October 31, 2007. Applications will be reviewed 
starting on November 2, 2007, and will be acknowledged by postcard. 
The University of Pennsylvania is an equal-opportunity, aff 
irmativeaction 
employer. 
Women and minority candidates are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Ursinus C 

English, PO Box 1000 Collegeville PA 19426 

Assistant Professor of Postcolonial Literature 410 

http://www.
ursinus.edu 

Ursinus College invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professor 
(beginning August 2008) in Anglophone postcolonial literature, especially 
South Asian, African, or Caribbean literature; ability to teach 20th/ 
21st 
century British literature is also required. Teaching load is 3/2. 


All faculty in the Ursinus English Department teach at all levels of the 
undergraduate curriculum, including surveys, specialized courses, and 
the interdisciplinary freshman seminar program. The successful candidate 
must be committed to teaching excellence in a liberal arts setting, advise 
student independent projects, and establish an ongoing program of 
scholarly research. Opportunities exist for teaching in interdisciplinary 
programs. Ph.D. expected by August 2008; teaching experience highly 
desirable. Send letter of application, cv, transcripts, and current letters of 
recommendation by November 2 to Professor Patricia Schroeder, Hiring 
Committee Chair, English Department, Ursinus College, Collegeville, 
PA, 19426-1000. Preliminary interviews will take place at the MLA Convention 
in December. 

Ursinus is an independent, highly selective, co-educational, residential 
liberal arts college of about 1500 students located 25 miles northwest of 
Philadelphia. Web site: http://www.
ursinus.edu. Ursinus College is an 
EEO/AA 
employer. 
In keeping with the college’s historic commitment 
to equality, women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic groups, 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ursinus C 

English, PO Box 1000 Collegeville PA 19426 

Director of Writing Center and Writing Fellows Program 556 

http://www.
ursinus.edu 

Ursinus College invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant professor 
of English to serve as Director of the Writing Center and Writing Fellows 
program, to begin Fall 2008. Ph.D in Composition/Rhetoric 
required; 
candidates with experience administering a writing program will 
be preferred. We seek a colleague with a strong commitment to undergraduate 
teaching, the ability to work well with faculty across the college, 
and a commitment to a program of scholarly activity in Comp/Rhet. 
The 
successful candidate will be expected to maintain and develop a Writing 
Fellows program and Writing Center staffed by undergraduates; to encourage 
and support faculty in teaching writing across the curriculum; to 
teach basic and advanced writing courses; and to participate in an interdisciplinary 
freshman seminar program. 2/2 
teaching load. Send letter of 
application, cv, three letters of recommendation, and transcripts to Ross 
Doughty, Chair, Writing Search Committee, Olin Hall, Ursinus College, 
Collegeville PA 19426-1000. The search committee will begin screening 
completed applications on October 10. 

Ursinus is an independent, highly selective, co-educational, residential 
liberal arts college of 1500 students, located 25 miles northwest of Philadelphia. 
Ursinus College is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
In keeping with the 
colleges historic commitment to equality, women and men, and members 
of all racial and ethnic groups, are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ursinus C 

English, PO Box 1000 Collegeville PA 19426 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 327 

http://www.
ursinus.edu 

Ursinus College seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Film Studies 
beginning Fall 2008. Ph.D. in film or a related discipline and teaching 



experience required. Film generalist, with an interest in developing a new 
f ilm studies program and the ability to teach f ilm history, theory, and 
criticism. Ideal candidate will also have research and teaching interests in 
multi-ethnic approaches to film. Teaching load is 3/2. 


The successful candidate must be committed to teaching excellence in a 
liberal arts setting, advise student independent projects, and establish an 
ongoing program of scholarly research. Ursinus faculty teach at all levels 
of the undergraduate curriculum, ranging from the interdisciplinary 
freshman seminar program to advanced specialty courses. Send letter of 
application, cv, letters of recommendation and transcripts to Carol Dole, 
Chair, Department of English, Ursinus College, Collegeville PA 19426- 
1000. Screening begins November 1. 

Ursinus is an independent, highly selective, co-educational, residential 
liberal arts college of 1500 students located 25 miles northwest of Philadelphia. 
Website: http://www.
ursinus.edu. Ursinus College is an EEO/ 
AA 
employer. 
In keeping with the colleges historic commitment to 
equality, women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic groups, 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing (fiction) 762 

http://www.
villanova.edu/artsci/
english/ 

Tenure-track assistant professorship beginning Fall 2008 in creative writing, 
specializing in fiction; a secondary specialization in creative non-fiction 
is desirable. M.F.A. or Ph.D. strongly preferred but candidates close 
to completion of degree may be considered. Send vita and complete dossier 
(with writing sample and graduate transcript) to Prof. Evan Radcliffe, 
Chair, English Dept., Villanova University, 800 Lancaster Ave., 
Villanova, PA 19085-1699, postmarked by November 9, 2007. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. Villanova University is a Catholic 
university sponsored by the Augustinian order. An AA/EEO 
employer, 
Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service, and 
especially teaching, who understand, respect, and can contribute to the 
Universitys mission and values. [R] 

Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor of Early 20th Century Irish/British 
Literature 760 

http://www.
villanova.edu/artsci/
english/ 

Tenure-track assistant professorship beginning Fall 2008 in Early 
20th Century Irish and/or 
British Literature and Culture, especially 
Modernism. 
Ph.D. required but candidates close to completion of degree 
may be considered. Applications from advanced assistant professors encouraged. 
Send vita and complete dossier (with writing sample and graduate 
transcript) to Prof. Evan Radcliffe, Chair, English Dept., Villanova 
University, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villanova, PA 19085-1699, postmarked 
by November 9, 2007. Applications will be acknowledged by letter. Villanova 
University is a Catholic university sponsored by the Augustinian 
order. An AA/EEO 
employer, 
Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed 
to scholarship, service, and especially teaching, who understand, respect, 
and can contribute to the Universitys mission and values. [R] 

West Chester U 

English, University & High St, Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor of English 860 

http://www.
wcupa.edu 

Join a vibrant campus community whose excellence is reflected in its diversity 
and student success. West Chester University is seeking applicants 
for the position of Assistant Professor of English whose primary responsibilities 
will be in the area of English Education. The position will involve 
teaching courses in secondary methods, writing and literature pedagogy, 
young adult literature, supervision of student teachers in their field placements, 
and introductory literature and composition courses. The teaching 
load is 4/4. 
Position appointment to begin August 2008. West Chester 
University offers highly competitive salaries and excellent benefits. 

The successful candidate will have the doctorate in hand by the date of 
hire, experience with NCATE/NCTE 
standards, secondary teaching certification 
in English/Language 
Arts grades 7–12, and at least 3 years of experience 
as a secondary level classroom teacher in English/Language 
Arts. 
In addition, our preferred candidate will demonstrate interest in taking 
a leadership role in the Program by participating in service activities on 
campus. Experience in teaching diversity is desired. 

The successful candidate should be able to demonstrate an active research 
agenda through a history of conference presentations as well as through 
articles submitted for publication. Secondary area of specialization is open. 
Finalists must successfully complete the interview process and teaching 
demonstration. 

Applicants should send letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
graduate and undergraduate transcripts, and copy of teaching certificate 
to Dr. A nne Herzog, Chairperson, Department of English, West 
Chester University, West Chester, PA 19383-2124. References with contact 
information will be required prior to interview. Review of applications 
will begin October 15 and continue until position is filled. 

Qualified candidates who are interested are encouraged to meet with the 
search committee at the 2007 NCTE convention. Developing and sustaining 
a diverse faculty and staff advances WCUs educational mission 
and strategic Plan for Excellence. West Chester University is an Affirmative 
Action Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Wilkes U 

Humanities, 84 W South St Wilkes-Barre PA 18766 

Assistant Professor of English 890 

http://www.
wilkes.edu 

Wilkes University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English beginning August 2008. Wilkes University is an 
independent institution of higher education with approximately 2200 undergraduate 
students and 2000 graduate students located in Wilkes-Barre, 
Pennsylvania, a mid-sized city within two-and-a-half hours driving distance 
of New York City and Philadelphia. 

Applications must be postmarked by November 16, 2007. Interviews will 
be conducted at the MLA conference in Chicago. 

The successful candidate will have specializations in Nineteenth-Century 
British literature and Rhetoric and Composition, and be prepared to teach 
a range of upper-level courses in fields of specialization. The ability to 
teach Drama, History of the English Language, and Comparative Grammar 
courses is a plus. The candidate will teach a twelve-hour semester 
load and will be expected to teach First Year Composition. 

Effective teaching, mentoring, and advising are expe cted responsibilities 
of all faculty members at Wilkes. Service to the University and the community 
as well as scholarly activities support the student-centered core. 

A doctorate in one of the above areas or English completed by June 2008 
is preferred. Candidates who are ABD will be considered. The ideal candidate 
will have prior experience teaching at the college level. Salary is 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. 

To apply by mail, send a letter of application, c.v., and letters of reference 
to: Assistant Professor of English Search, Wilkes University, Reference 
#ENG205, PO Box 3924, Scranton, PA 18505-0924. To apply by e-mail, 
send application materials to eapply@wilkes.edu. Please make sure to include 
the Reference number for this position on the envelope or subject 
line or the application will not be processed. 

Wilkes University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer 
committed to a diverse faculty, staff and student body. Applicants from 
diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. 



Wilkes U 

Humanities, 84 W South St Wilkes-Barre PA 18766 

Assistant Professor of English 891 

http://www.
wilkes.edu 

Wilkes University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English beginning August 2008. Wilkes University is an 
independent institution of higher education with approximately 2200 undergraduate 
students and 2000 graduate students located in Wilkes-Barre, 
Pennsylvania, a mid-sized city within two-and-a-half hours driving distance 
of New York City and Philadelphia. 

Applications must be postmarked by November 16, 2007. Interviews will 
be conducted at the MLA conference in Chicago. 

The successful candidate will have specializations in Nineteenth-Century 
American literature and Rhetoric and Composition, and be prepared to 
teach a range of upper-level courses in fields of specialization. The ability 
to teach Drama, History of the English Language, and Comparative 
Grammar courses is a plus. The candidate will teach a twelve-hour semester 
load and will be expected to teach First Year Composition. 

Effective teaching, mentoring, and advising are exp ected responsibilities 
of all faculty members at Wilkes. Service to the University and the community 
as well as scholarly activities support the student-centered core. 

A doctorate in one of the above areas or English completed by June 2008 
is preferred. Candidates who are ABD will be considered. The ideal candidate 
will have prior experience teaching at the college level. Salary is 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. 

To apply by mail, send a letter of application, c.v., and letters of reference 
to: Assistant Professor of English Search, Wilkes University, Reference 
#ENG206, PO Box 3924, Scranton, PA 18505-0924. To apply by e-mail, 
send application materials to eapply@wilkes.edu. Please make sure to include 
the Reference number for this position on the envelope or subject 
line or the application will not be processed. 

Wilkes University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer 
committed to a diverse faculty, staff and student body. Applicants from 
diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply. 

York C of Pennsylvania 

English & Humanities, Country Club Rd York PA 17405 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 884 

http://www.
ycp.edu 

The English and Humanities Department at York College of Pennsylvania 
invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant professor position in 
Rhetoric and Composition to begin August, 2008. The successful candidate 
will have the opportunity to contribute to both a growing major 
in Professional Writing and to a recently revised, two-semester first-year 
writing sequence. While a range of teaching and research interests and 
experiences is welcome, we especially seek candidates with expertise in 
technologies associated with the teaching of writing, English education, 
and /or technical writing. Candidates with an interest in technology and 
technical writing will have the opportunity to teach existing courses 
such as Writing for the Web and to develop new courses in areas such 
as technical writing, document design, and publication management. 
Candidates with an interest in English education will have the opportunity 
to contribute to our Secondary Education English major, to work 
with students in our Writing Fellows Program, to develop new courses 
in writing pedagogy, and to teach existing courses such as Teaching and 
Tutoring of Writing. Courses in both the Professional Writing major 
and the first-year writing sequence are taught in a new, state-of-the-art 
building that contains a networked writing lab and production studio. 
For further information about the York College writing program, please 
contact Dr. Dominic Delli Carpini (dcarpini@ycp.edu), Writing Program 
Administrator, and/or 
visit departments.ycp.edu/department/
writing/. 
Qualified candidates should possess an earned doctorate. Demonstrable 
success in the teachi ng of first-year writing and evidence of strong commitment 
to teaching undergraduates and to scholarly research is expected. 
The teaching load is 4/4. 
York College is a comprehensive college dedicated 
to teaching excellence and offers over 50 baccalaureate majors in 
the arts, sciences, and professional fields. The college has an enrollment 
of 4700 full-time and 800 part-time students. The campus is located in 
south-central Pennsylvania, 50 miles north of Baltimore, and offers competitive 
salaries and research support and a generous benef its package. 
Interested candidates should forward a letter of application, vitae, statement 
of teaching philosophy, an d three letters of reference to Dr. Dennis 
Weiss, Chair, English and Humanities Department, York College, York, 
PA 17405-7199. Send SASE for acknowledgement of application. Review 
of applications will begin October 15 and continue until appointment is 
made. Interviews 
will be conducted at MLA. York College is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

York C of Pennsylvania 

English & Humanities, Country Club Rd York PA 17405 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 886 

http://www.
ycp.edu 

The English and Humanities Department at York College of Pennsylvania 
invites applications for a second tenure-track, assistant professor position 
in Rhetoric and Composition to begin August, 2008. The successful candidate 
will have the opportunity to contribute to both a growing major 
in Professional Writing and to a recently revised, two-semester first-year 
writing sequence. While a range of teaching and research interests and 
experiences is welcome, we especially seek candidates with expertise in 
technologies associated with the teaching of writing, English education, 
and /or technical writing. Candidates with an interest in technology and 
technical writing will have the opportunity to teach existing courses such 
as Writing for the Web and to develop new courses in areas such as technical 
writing, document design, and publication management. Candidates 
with an interest in English education will have the opportunity to 
contribute to our Secondary Education English major, to work with students 
in our Writing Fellows Program, to develop new courses in writing 
pedagogy, and to teach existing courses such as Teaching and Tutoring of 
Writing. Courses in both the Professional Writing major and the first-year 
writing sequence are taught in a new, state-of-the-art building that contains 
a networked writing lab and production studio. For further information 
about the York College writing program, please contact Dr. Dominic 
Delli Carpini (dcarpini@ycp.edu), Writing Program Administrator, and/ 
or 
visit departments.ycp.edu/department/
writing/. Qualified candidates 
should possess an earned doctorate. Demonstrable success in the teaching 
of first-year writing and evidence of strong commitment to teaching 
undergraduates and to scholarly research is expected. The teaching 
load is 4/4. 
York College is a comprehensive college dedicated to teaching 
excellence and offers over 50 baccalaureate majors in the arts, sciences, 
and professional fields. The college has an enrollment of 4700 full-time 
and 800 part-time students. The campus is located in south-central Pennsylvania, 
50 miles north of Baltimore, and offers competitive salaries and 
research support and a generous benefits package. Interested candidates 
should forward a letter of application, vitae, statement of teaching philoso 
phy, and three letters of reference to Dr. Dennis Weiss, Chair, English 
and Humanities Department, York College, York, PA 17405-7199. 
Send SASE for acknowledgement of application. Review of applications 
will begin October 15 and continue until appointment is made. Interviews 
will be conducted at MLA. York College is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 



Rhode Island 

Providence C 

English, 549 River Av Providence RI 02918 

Assistant Professor of English 671 

http://www.
providence.edu 

Tenure track appointment Fall 2008. Assistant professor specializing in 
Medieval British literature, with interest in participating in a team-taught 
interdisciplinary western civilization program. Ph.D. required. Mail complete 
dossier (curriculum vitae, recommendations and writing sample) to 
Bruce Graver, Chair, Department of English, Providence College, Providence, 
RI 02918-0001 by November 5, 2007. 

Providence College is a Roman Catholic, four-year liberal arts college 
conducted under the auspices of the Dominican Friars and seeks candidates 
who can aff irm and contribute to its Mission. An AA/EOE, 
the 
College especially encourages the applications of women and persons of 
color. [R] 

Providence C 

English, 549 River Av Providence RI 02918 

Assistant Professor of English 674 

http://www.
providence.edu 

Tenure track appointment Fall 2008. Assistant professor specializing in 
fiction writing. Terminal degree required. Will be expected to offer fiction 
workshops, literature courses, and may serve as advisor of student-run 
literary journal, The Alembic. Interest in participating in a team-taught 
interdisciplinary western civilization program preferred. Mail complete 
dossier (curriculum vitae, letters of recommendation, and 25-page writing 
sample) to Chard deNiord, Search Committee Chair, Department of 
English, Providence College, Providence, RI 02918-0001 by November 
5, 2007. 

Providence College is a Roman Catholic, four-year liberal arts college 
conducted under the auspices of the Dominican Friars and seeks candidates 
who can aff irm and contribute to its Mission. An AA/EOE, 
the 
College especially encourages the applications of women and persons of 
color. [R] 

South Carolina 

C of Charleston 

English, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424 

Assistant Professor English 375 

http://www.
cofc.edu 

Assistant Professor of English with expertise in British Romanticism. 
Subspecialty in Early Modern or Children’s Literature preferred. Tenuretrack 
position, beginning August 15, 2008. Ph.D. required and experience 
teaching first-year composition highly desired. Candidates must be committed 
to teaching excellence and serious scholarship. The 9-hour load includes 
responsibilities at the freshman, sophomore, and upper levels with 
occasional opportunities to teach in the M.A. program. Interviewing 
at 
MLA. Send cover letter, c.v., teaching portfolio, and dossier (with current 
transcripts and three letters of recommendation) by November 2, 2007, 
to Dr. Patricia Ward, Dept. of English, College of Charleston, 26 Glebe 
St., Charleston, SC 29424. Founded in 1770 and located in the heart 
of historic Charleston, the College of Charleston is a public liberal arts 
institution with a strong commitment to the teacher-scholar model for 
faculty. The College of Charleston is an affi rmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
and encourages applications from all underrepresented 
groups. [R] 

Citadel, The 

English, 171 Moultrie St Charleston SC 29409 

Assistant Professor of English 378 

http://www.
citadel.edu/english/ 


The English Department at The Citadel invites applications for a tenure-
track assistant professor position in contemporary literature. We are 
looking for faculty members who can add interesting new dimensions to 
our department. Applicants should be committed to strong, enthusiastic 
teaching of freshman composition and sophomore literature surveys, as 
well as upper-division and graduate courses in their areas of specialization. 
Employment will begin in August 2008; the Ph.D. is required by 
that time. Interviews at MLA. Send letter of application and curriculum 
vitae to Prof. James Leonard, Head, Department of English, The Citadel, 
171 Moultrie Street, Charleston, SC 29409. Application should be 
postmarked no later than November 7, 2007. The Citadel is an EEO/ 
AA 
employer 
and especially encourages persons from underrepresented 
groups to apply. To learn more about this position, go to www.citadel 
.edu/english/; 
then look under “About Us.” [R] 

Citadel, The 

English, 171 Moultrie St Charleston SC 29409 

Assistant Professor of English 379 

http://www.
citadel.edu/english/ 


The English Department at The Citadel invites applications for a tenuretrack 
assistant professor position in English Renaissance Literature, with 
specialization in Shakespeare and Renaissance drama. Applicants should 
be committed to strong, enthusiastic teaching of freshman composition 
and sophomore literature surveys, as well as upper-division and graduate 
courses in Shakespeare and English drama before 1642. Employment 
will begin in August 2008; the Ph.D. is required by that time. Interviews 
at MLA. Send letter of application and curriculum vitae to Prof. James 
Leonard, Head, Department of English, The Citadel, 171 Moultrie Street, 
Charleston, SC 29409. Application should be postmarked no later than 
November 7, 2007. The Citadel is an EEO/AA 
employer 
and especially 
encourages persons from underrepresented groups to apply. To learn more 
about this position, go to www.citadel.edu/english/; 
then look under 
“About Us.” [R] 

Clemson U 

English, PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor, Ethnic American Literature 718 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english 

The English Department seeks to fill a tenure-track position at the rank of 
assistant professor, beginning August 2008. The successful applicant will 
be prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in ethnic American 
literature. Areas of research specialization open, but preferred fields 
include Asian American, Hispanic American, Native American, or others. 
Successful candidate will contribute research, teaching, and service to 
our graduate and undergraduate programs. 

Application deadline is November 2 for MLA interviews; review of applications 
will commence on October 19. Women and minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. Funding for this position is contingent on 
budgetary approval from the Office of the Provost. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson University’s goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Architecture, Arts, an d Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

Please send a letter of application and a current CV to: Dr. Lee Morrissey, 
Chair, Dept. of English, Clemson University, 801 Strode Tower, Clemson, 
SC 29634-0523 

Clemson University is an AA/EO 
employer. 




Clemson U 

English, PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing, Poetry 715 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english 

The English Department seeks to fill a tenure-track position at the rank of 
assistant professor, beginning August 2008. The successful applicant will be 
prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate creative writing courses in 
poetry. Areas of research specialization open, but preferred subfields include 
fiction, creative nonfiction, or contemporary literature. Successful candidate 
will contribute research, teaching, and service to our graduate and undergraduate 
programs. Applicant with MFA or PhD will be considered. 

Application deadline is November 2 for MLA interviews; review of applications 
will commence on October 19. Women and minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. Funding for this position is contingent on 
budgetary approval from the Office of the Provost. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson University’s goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Architecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

Please send a letter of application and a current CV to: Dr. Lee Morrissey, 
Chair, Dept. of English, Clemson University, 801 Strode Tower, Clemson, 
SC 29634-0523 

Clemson University is an AA/EO 
employer. 


Clemson U 

English, PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor, American Renaissance 722 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english 

The English Department seeks to fill a tenure-track position at the rank of 
assistant professor, beginning August 2008. The successful applicant will 
be prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in the literature 
of the American Renaissance. Areas of research specialization open, but 
preferred fields include 19th-century 
American poetry, non-fiction, or 
diversity studies. Successful candidate will contribute research, teaching, 
and service to our graduate and undergraduate programs. 

Application deadline is November 2 for MLA interviews; review of applications 
will commence on October 19. Women and minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. Funding for this position is contingent on 
budgetary approval from the Office of the Provost. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson University’s goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of 
Archi tecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

Please send a letter of application and a current CV to: Dr. Lee Morrissey, 
Chair, Dept. of English, Clemson University, 801 Strode Tower, Clemson, 
SC 29634-0523 

Clemson University is an AA/EO 
employer. 


Clemson U 

English, PO Box 340523 801 Strode Tower Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor, Professional Communication 720 

http://www.
clemson.edu/caah/
english 

The English Department seeks to fill a tenure-track position at the rank of 
assistant professor, beginning August 2008. The successful applicant will be 
prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in professional and 
technical communication. Areas of research specialization open, but preferred 
fields include communication in the disciplines, writing pedagogy, 
or workplace communication. Successful candidate will contribute research, 
teaching, and service to our graduate and undergraduate programs. 

Application deadline is November 2 for MLA interviews; review of applications 
will commence on October 19. Women and minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. Funding for this position is contingent on 
budgetary approval from the Office of the Provost. 

The English Department is committed to Clemson University’s goal of 
being a Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine 
research, teaching, and service at the highest levels. The Col lege 
of Architecture, Arts, and Humanities values collaboration across departmental 
and disciplinary lines. 

Please send a letter of application and a current CV to: Dr. Lee Morrissey, 
Chair, Dept. of English, Clemson University, 801 Strode Tower, Clemson, 
SC 29634-0523 

Clemson University is an AA/EO 
employer. 


U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Associate/Full 
Professor in Women’s Studies/English 
388 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/ 


The Department of English and the Women’s Studies program invite applications 
for a joint appointment at the associate/full 
professor level. We 
seek a new faculty member who can teach courses in feminist theories at 
the undergraduate and graduate levels. Scholars in any period in British 
or American literature are encouraged to apply. Preference will be given 
to candidates with strong backgrounds in interdisciplinary and transnational 
approaches with expertise in postcolonial theory, queer theory, and 
/or multiracial feminisms. Examining the intersections of race, gender, 
ethnicity, and sexuality is fundamental to Women’s Studies teaching and 
research at the University of South Carolina. 

This tenured/tenure 
track appointment is to begin in the fall of 2008 and 
the Department of English will serve as the tenure home. The University 
is on a semester system, and the successful candidate normally would 
teach two courses per semester, one for English and one for Wo men’s 
Studies. The English Department offers the Ph.D. degree and the Women’s 
Studies Program offers a graduate certificate; the successful candidate 
will be expected to make significant contributions to these graduate programs. 
The applicants complete dossier, including current CV, graduate 
transcript, three letters of recommendation, and sample of written work 
should be addressed to: Professor Ed Madden, Women’s Studies Program, 
Flinn Hall, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC, 29208. Review 
of applications begins immediately, but materials must arrive no later than 
December 2. Interviews will take place at the MLA. In exceptional cases, 
alter native arrangements will be made for candidates who cannot attend 
this conference. 

The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer 
and encourages women and members of minority groups 
to apply. The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational 
or employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons 
on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, 
sexual orientation or veteran status. [R] 

U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Open Rank in African American Literature and Black Diaspora Studies 391 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/ 


The English Department at the University of South Carolina announces 
a new initiative to hire four scholars in the area of African American Literature 
and Black Diaspora Studies. This initiative aims to bring together 
scholars working in traditionally defined fields with scholars whose work 
straddles and challenges conventional disciplinary boundaries. Candidates 
should demonstrate an active engagement with the theories and methodologies 
currently informing the study of African American and Black 
Diaspora literatures and cultures. These methodologies might include 
(but are not limited to) postcolonial, psychoanalytic, feminist, critical 
race, rhetorical, and/or 
Marxist approaches. We welcome applications 



from highly-qualified candidates working in any genre or area; we are 
especially interested in the following areas: pre-1900 African American 
Literature; the African Diaspora in the American South; African American 
Literary or Cultural Theory; Black Trans-Atlantic Cultu ral Studies. 
Rank is open; salary is competitive. Senior candidates must have an established 
record of excellence in scholarship, teaching, and service. Junior 
candidates must hold the PhD at the time of appointment (August 2008) 
and demonstrate clear potential for excellence in scholarship and teaching. 
To assure full consideration, applications must be received by October 31, 
2007. Please send application letter, a vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample to William E. Rivers, Interim Chair, Department 
of English, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC 29208. 

The University of South Carolina is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation 
for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution of “very high research 
activity;” it supports over 27,000 students with 350 degree programs and 
a nationally-ranked library system. Located in the state capital, Columbia 
(conveniently close to both the mountains and the coast), the university is 
often considered to be one of the most beautiful campuses in an urban setting. 
With a population of over 650,000 in the greater metropolitan area, 
Columbia is a dynamic city in the midst of major renewal projects, many 
driven by joint ventures between the community and the university. 

The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. 
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
or veteran status. [R] 

U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Open Rank in Jewish Literary and Cultural Studies 393 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/ 


Department of English Language and Literature, invites applications for 
a new tenured or tenure-track position (rank open) in Jewish literary 
and cultural studies beginning Fall 2008. One of a cluster of new Jewish 
Studies hires in multiple departments, the successful candidate will be expected 
to teach introductory, advanced undergraduate, and graduate level 
courses, and to work closely with other faculty to advance interdisciplinary 
research and innovative teaching in Jewish Studies. Commitment to 
interdisciplinarity and to active engagement with historical, theological, 
political, and/or 
comparative literary methodologies is essential. Teaching 
assignment would include regular offerings in Jewish literature and the 
development of new courses in these areas. 

Applicants may send a cover letter, a c.v., and three letters of recommendation 
to Search Committee Chair, Jewish Studies Search Committee, 
Department of English Language & Literature, University of South 
Carolina, Columbia, SC 29208. To assure full consideration, applications 
should be received by October 15. 

The University of South Carolina’s main campus in the state capital, close 
to mountains and coast, is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation for the 
Advancement 
of Teaching as an institution of “very high research activity.” 
With over 27,000 students, 350 degree programs, and a nationallyranked 
library system, the university is often considered to be one of the 
most beautiful campuses in an urban setting, with a population of over 
650,000 in the greater metropolitan area. 

The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. The 
University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment 
opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis of 
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation 
or veteran status. [R] 

U of South Carolina, Aiken 

English, 471 University Pky Aiken SC 29801 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 703 

http://uscjobs.
sc.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=58844 

The University of South Carolina Aiken, a senior institution in the University 
of South Carolina system, seeks candidates for the tenure-track 
position of Assistant or Associate Professor of English (depends on qualifications) 
beginning August 2008. Required: earned Ph.D. in English with 
primary expertise, teaching experience, and publication record in creative 
writing (poetry and fiction preferred). Teaching responsibilities will include 
a four-course load per semester, combining first-year composition 
and undergraduate courses in specialization. Applicants must apply on line 
at: https://uscjobs.sc.edu/applicants/
Central?quickFind=58844. 

The Department of English offers the B.A. in English; there are currently 
fourteen full-time faculty members. In addition to the on-line application, 
applicants must send paper copies of transcripts, documentation of effective 
college-level teaching, and three letters of recommendation to Mr. 
Karl Fornes, Chair, Search Committee,Department of English, USCA, 
471 University Parkway, Aiken, SC 29801. Review of applications will 
begin November 19, 2007 and continue until the position is filled. Visit: 
www.usca.edu. USCA is an AA/EOE. 


Visit: www.usca.edu 

Inquiries: karlf@usca.edu [R] 

U of South Carolina, Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Children’s and Adolescent Literature 427 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/ 


The Department of English of the University of South Carolina-Columbia 
is seeking applications for a position in children’s and adolescent 
literature. The department offers popular undergraduate courses in both 
children’s and adolescent literature and is hoping to expand its offerings 
into the graduate level. The university library holds exceptionally strong 
collections of children’s and adolescent literature that will facilitate both 
teaching and research. The position will be filled at the junior level (Assistant 
or beginning Associate Professor). Salary is competitive. Candidates 
must hold the Ph.D. at the time of appointment (August 2008) and must 
demonstrate excellence or clear potential for excellence in scholarship and 
teaching in these areas. To assure full consideration, applications must be 
received by October 31, 2007. Please send application letter, a vita, three 
letters of recommendation, and a writing sample to William E. Rivers, 
Interim Chair, Departme nt of English, University of South Carolina, 
Columbia, SC 29208. 

The University of South Carolina is ranked by the Carnegie Foundation 
for the Advancement of Teaching as an institution of “very high research 
activity;” it supports over 27,000 students with 350 degree programs and 
a nationally-ranked library system. Located in the state capital, Columbia 
(conveniently close to both the mountains and the coast), the university is 
often considered to be one of the most beautiful campuses in an urban setting. 
With a population of over 650,000 in the greater metropolitan area, 
Columbia is a dynamic city in the midst of major renewal projects, many 
driven by j oint ventures between the community and the university. 

The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity 
employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to apply. 
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
or veteran status. [R] 



Wofford C 

English, 429 N Church St Spartanburg SC 29303 

Assistant Professor of English in World Literature 877 

http://wofford.
edu 

The Department of English at Wofford College invites applications for 
an Assistant Professor of English specializing in World Literature in at 
least one of the following areas: Anglophone, Postcolonial, European, and 
non-European literature. This is a tenure track position starting fall 2008. 
Candidates must have the Ph.D. by June 1, 2008. The normal teaching 
load is 3–1-4, which includes courses in general education and writing. 
Salary and benefits are competitive. Send letter of application, statement 
of teaching philosophy, curriculum vitae, and SASE by Nov. 26 to Dr. 
Vivian B. Fisher, Chair, Department of English, Wofford College, 429 
North Church Street, Spartanburg, SC 29303. Requests for dossier will 
be made after an initial review; interviews at the MLA convention. Wofford 
College is a thriving undergraduate liberal arts institution with interdisciplinary 
programs such as Gender Studies and African/African 
American Studies. Wofford provides equal opportun ities and reasonable 
accommodation to all persons regardless of race, religion, sex, or other 
legally protected status in accordance with applicable laws. [R] 

Wofford C 

English, 429 N Church St Spartanburg SC 29303 

Assistant Professor of English: Composition Specialist/Writing 
Center 
Director 887 

http://wofford.
edu 

The Department of English at Wofford College seeks an Assistant Professor 
of English specializing in composition studies to direct the writing 
center, to facilitate writing across the curriculum, and to teach Literature 
and Composition and other courses involving expository prose. This is a 
tenure track position starting fall 2008. Candidates must have the Ph.D. 
by June 1, 2008. The teaching load is 2–1-3 plus managing the writing 
center and consulting with faculty. Salary and benefits are competitive. 
Send letter of application, statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum 
vitae, and SASE by Nov. 26 to Dr. Vivian B. Fisher, Chair, Department 
of English, Wofford College, 429 North Church Street, Spartanburg, SC 
29303. Requests for dossier will be made after an initial review; interviews 
at the MLA convention. Wofford College is a thriving undergraduate 
liberal arts institution with interdisciplinary programs such as Gender 
Studies and African/African 
American Studies. Wofford provides equal 
opportunities and reasonable accommodation to all persons regardless of 
race, religion, sex, or other legally protected status in accordance with applicable 
laws. Funding for this position is pending. [R] 

Wofford C 

English, 429 N Church St Spartanburg SC 29303 

Assistant Professor in Film History, Theory, and Interpretation 881 

http://wofford.
edu 

The Department of English at Wofford College invites applications for an 
Assistant Professor of English specializing in film theory and interpretation, 
preferably with experience in scriptwriting. This is a tenure track 
position starting fall 2008. Candidates must have the Ph.D. by June 1, 
2008. The normal teaching load is 3–1-4, which includes courses in general 
education and writing. Salary and benefits are competitive. Send letter 
of application, statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum vitae, and 
SASE by Nov. 26 to Dr. Vivian B. Fisher, Chair, Department of English, 
Wofford College, 429 North Church Street, Spartanburg, SC 29303. Requests 
for dossier will be made after an initial review; interviews at the 
MLA convention. Wofford is a thriving undergraduate liberal arts institution 
with interdisciplinary programs such as Gender Studies and African/ 
African 
American Studies. Wofford provides equal opportunities and reasonable 
accommodation to all persons regardless of race, religion, sex, or 
other legally protected status in accordance with applicable laws. [R] 

South Dakota 

Augustana C 

English/Journalism, 
29th & Summit Sioux Falls SD 57197 

Assistant Professor of English/British 
Literature 246 

http://www.
augie.edu 

The Department of English and Journalism at Augustana College invites 
applications for a full-time tenure-track appointment as assistant professor 
in British literature beginning in Fall 2008. The successful applicant will 
teach a survey course in British literature, seminars in early modern British 
literature and Shakespeare, and introductory courses in composition 
and literature. A secondary interest in linguistics and the history of the 
English language is also welcome. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand 
by date of appointment. In addition, the successful applicant will demonstrate 
commitment to excellence in teaching and professional scholarly activity, 
and to the mission of a private, liberal arts, church-related college. 

Salary is competitive and dependent upon qualifications; excellent fringe 
benefits are included. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and close on November 1, 
2007. 

Please send a letter of addressing teaching experience and philos ophy, 
a CV, and three recent letters of recommendation to Jeffrey S. Miller, 
Chair, Department of English and Journalism, Box 763, Augustana College, 
2001 South Summit Avenue, Sioux Falls, SD 57197. Augustana College 
is a college of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America and an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action/Title 
IX employer. 
Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of South Dakota 

English, 414 E Clark St, 226 Dakota Hall Vermillion SD 57069 

Assistant Professor of English 318 

http://www.
usd.edu/engl 


Tenure-track assistant professorship in English with specialization in medieval 
literature. Position includes teaching of British literature survey to 
1800 as well as courses in early British literature and in the University 
Honors Program. Ability to teach critical theory at the undergraduate 
level desirable. Teaching at all levels, up to 9 hours each semester. Excellence 
in teaching is expected, both in the classroom and in mentoring 
graduate and undergraduate students outside the classroom. An ongoing 
research agenda is assumed. Appointment begins August 15, 2008. PhD 
and teaching experience required; publications and presentations desirable. 
Salary commensurate with rank. To apply, send CV, dossier (including 
copy of graduate transcript), and application letter to Emily Haddad, 
Chair, English Department, The University of South Dakota, 414 E. 
Clark St., Vermillion, SD 57069-2390. Screening begins November 1, 
2007 and continues until a suitable candidate is hired. The University of 
South Dakota is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action institution committed 
to increasing the diversity of its faculty, staff, and students. [R] 

U of South Dakota 

English, 414 E Clark St, 226 Dakota Hall Vermillion SD 57069 

Assistant Professor of English 319 

http://www.
usd.edu/engl 


Tenure-track assistant professorship in English with specialization in the 
literature of the Renaissance, including Shakespeare. Position includes 
teaching of British literature survey to 1800 as well as courses in Shakespeare 
and in Renaissance literature, and in the University Honors Program. 
Ability to teach critical theory at the undergraduate level desirable. 
Teaching at all levels, up to 9 hours each semester. Excellence in teaching 
is expected, both in the classroom and in mentoring graduate and undergraduate 
students outside the classroom. An ongoing research agenda is 
assumed. Appointment begins August 15, 2008. PhD and teaching expe



rience required; publications and presentations desirable. Salary commensurate 
with rank. To apply, send CV, dossier (including copy of graduate 
transcript), and application letter to Emily Haddad, Chair, English Department, 
The University of South Dakota, 414 E. Clark St., Vermillion, 
SD 57069-2390. Screening begins Novemb er 1, 2007 and continues until 
a suitable candidate is hired. The University of South Dakota is an equal 
opportunity/affirmative 
action institution committed to increasing the 
diversity of its faculty, staff, and students. [R] 

Tennessee 

Middle Tennessee SU 

English, PO Box 70 Murfreesboro TN 37132 

Asst./Asso. Professor of Folklore Studies 394 

http://www.
mtsu.edu 

Middle Tennessee State University seeks applications for a tenure-track 
position in Folklore Studies (position # 123085); Assistant/Associate 
beginning 
August 1, 2008; Ph.D. by August 2008 in Folklore Studies, or 
related field required, with specialty open. Preference given to those with 
coursework and/or 
significant experience in Appalachian and/or 
African- 
American folkways as well as in folklore theory. 

Candidates should be committed to undergraduate instruction in general 
education but can expect opportunities for graduate teaching as well. 
Four-course (12-hour) teaching load per semester with possibility of reduced 
load. Excellence in teaching, research/creative 
activity, and service 
will be expected for all positions. MTSU seeks candidates committed to 
using integrative technologies in teaching. Experience teaching freshman 
composition and/or 
literature desirable. 

To Apply: go to http://mtsujobs.
mtsu.edu and follow the instructions on 
how to complete an applicati on, attach a resume, statement of teaching 
philosophy and submit application online. Salary commensurate with 
education and experience. The Department would also like applicants to 
send 3 letters of recommendation and graduate transcripts to Dr. Hilary 
Stallings, College of Liberal Arts Faculty Recruitment, MTSU Box 546, 
Murfreesboro, TN 37132; original letters of recommendations and official 
transcripts (not issued to student) of all degrees are required prior to oncampus 
interview. If you have questions, please contact Dr. Stallings at 
615-898-5986. Review of applications will begin on October 8, 2007 and 
will last until the position is filled. Proof of U.S. citizenship OR eligibility 
for U.S. employment will be required prior to employment (Immigration 
Control Act of 1986). Clearly Act crime statistics for MTSU available 
at http://police.
mtsu.edu/crime_
statistics.htm. EO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

Rhodes C 

English, 2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 395 

http://www.
rhodes.edu 

The English Department at Rhodes College seeks a film scholar to join 
the Department at the level of Assistant Professor (tenure track), beginning 
August 2008. We are searching for a candidate to teach introductory 
and advanced film courses, with significant opportunity for teaching in 
the candidate’s research specialty. Although this position is housed within 
the English Department, the successful candidate will take over leadership 
of an existing interdisciplinary program in Film Studies. The Rhodes 
English Department is a group of active scholars and writers, strongly supportive 
of research and committed to innovative undergraduate teaching. 
Course load is 3/2, 
with class sizes ranging from 15 to 25 students. Salary 
and benefits are competitive, with support for research travel. Founded 
in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly selective, private, residential, undergraduate 
college located in Memphis, Tennessee. We are an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to dive rsity in the workforce. Please see our 
diversity statement at http://www.
rhodes.edu/about/
376.asp. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in hand or expected by August 2008, evidence of teaching 
excellence, and scholarly achievement or potential for scholarly achievement. 
Letter, c.v., and dossier containing three professional references by 
November 1 for MLA interviews to Gordon Bigelow, Chair, Department 
of English, Rhodes College, 2000 North Parkway, Memphis, TN 38112. 
Applications will be acknowledged electronically. [R] 

Rhodes C 

English, 2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 381 

http://www.
rhodes.edu 

The English Department at Rhodes College seeks a literary scholar specializing 
in African American Literature to join the Department at the 
level of Assistant Professor (tenure track), beginning August 2008. We are 
interested in candidates with significant training in the African American 
tradition, although we welcome applications from candidates working 
broadly in the literatures of the African Diaspora and from candidates 
pursuing interdisciplinary approaches to the field. The successful candidate 
will offer courses in the English Department and the African American 
Studies Program. The Rhodes English Department is a group of 
active scholars and writers, strongly supportive of research and committed 
to innovative undergraduate teaching. Course load is 3/2, 
with class sizes 
ranging from 15 to 25 students. Salary and benefits are competitive, with 
support for research travel. Founded in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly 
selective, private, residential, undergradua te college located in Memphis, 
Tennessee. We are an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity 
in the workforce. Please see our diversity statement at http://www 
.rhodes.edu/about/
376.asp. Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand or expected by 
August 2008, evidence of teaching excellence, and scholarly achievement 
or potential for scholarly achievement. Letter, c.v., and dossier containing 
three professional references by November 1 for MLA interviews to 
Gordon Bigelow, Chair, Department of English, Rhodes College, 2000 
North Parkway, Memphis, TN 38112. Applications will be acknowledged 
electronically. [R] 

Sewanee: The U of the South 

English, 735 University Av Sewanee TN 37383 

Assistant Professor of English 416 

http://www.
sewanee.edu 

Assistant Professor of English. Tenure-track. Seeking a medievalist to 
teach upper-level courses in Chaucer, participate in the Interdisciplinary 
Humanities Program, and offer first-year writing intensive courses emphasizing 
Shakespeare. Teaching load is three courses per semester. Ph.D. 
by August 2008. Letter, C.V., and dossier to Prof. Pamela Macfie, Chair, 
Department of English, The University of the South, 735 University Avenue, 
Sewanee, TN 37383. Full consideration to applications postmarked 
by Nov. 10. Will interview at MLA. The University of the South is a selective 
liberal arts college affiliated with the Episcopal Church. Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing 343 

http://web.
utk.edu/~english/ 

The University of Tennessee seeks an Assistant Professor in Fiction Writing, 
tenure track. Requirements include (1) a history of excellent teaching, 
(2) a substantial record of publication, and (3) an MFA or PhD in 
Creative Writing. Additional publications in a second genre are preferred. 
Besides significant creative output, duties will include both graduate and 
undergraduate workshops, instructor-designed graduate Special Topics 
courses, and active supervision of student writing projects on all levels. 
Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment provides 
ample support for research and travel. UT, a “Doctoral/Research 
Extensive” 
institution, is the flagship university in the state system. Applications 
due by November 1, but the search will remain open until the position 



is filled. Send letter of application, vita, and 15–25 page writing sample 
to David Goslee, Associate Head, Department of English, University of 
Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. T he University of Tennessee 
is an EEO/AA/
Title VI/Title 
IX/Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA institution 
in the provision of its education and employment programs and services. 
All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment 
without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, 
marital status, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, or 
covered veteran status. [R] 

U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Rhetoric/Composition 
714 

http://net.
utk.edu/~english/ 

The University of Tennessee seeks an Assistant Professor in Rhetoric and 
Composition, tenure track. For consideration, candidates must have a 
Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition (or related fields) by August 1, 2008, 
a record (or promise) of distinguished scholarship, and a history of excellent 
teaching. Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and our endowment 
provides ample support for research and travel. UT, a “Doctoral/ 
Research 
Extensive” institution, is the f lagship university in the state 
system. Applications are due by November 1, but the search will remain 
open until the position is filled. Send letter of application, vita, and 1–2 
page abstract of dissertation or current project to David Goslee, Associate 
Head, Department of English, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 
37996-0430. The University of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/
Title VI/Title 
IX/Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA institution in the provision of its education 
and employment programs and services. All qualifie d applicants will receive 
equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, 
national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, 
age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran status. [R] 

U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Senior-Level Professor in Nineteenth-­Century British Fiction 721 

http://net.
utk.edu/~english/ 

The University of Tennessee is searching to fill a senior-level position 
in Nineteenth-Century 
British Fiction. This position offers a competitive 
salary and teaching load, with a generous travel and research budget. 
Candidates must show a distinguished publication record that will support 
appointment at the rank of Full Professor, a growing national reputation 
in their field, and a research and teaching agenda that promises active engagement 
with the intellectual and pedagogical mission of the Department. 
UT, a “Doctoral/Research 
Extensive” institution, is the flagship 
university in the state system. Applications due by November 1, but the 
search will remain open until the position is filled. Send letter of application, 
vita, and abstract of a recent research project to David Goslee, Associate 
Head, Department of English, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, 
TN 37996-0430. The University of Tennessee is an EEO/AA/
Title 
VI/Title 
IX/Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA institution in the provision of 
its education and employment programs and services. All qualified applicants 
will receive equal consideration for employment without regard 
to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, 
sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran 
status. [R] 

U of Tennessee, Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in African American Literature 719 

http://net.
utk.edu/~english/ 

The University of Tennessee seeks one, possibly two, Assistant Professors 
in African American literature, tenure track. Requirements include (1) 
proficiency in the broad range of African American literature, (2) promise 
and/or 
record of distinguished scholarship, and (3) history of excellent 
teaching. PhD in hand or expected by August 1, 2008. Duties include 
active participation in both graduate and undergraduate programs, plus 
significant research and publication. Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, 
and our endowment provides ample support for research and 
travel. UT, a “Doctoral/Research 
Extensive” institution, is the flagship 
university in the state system. Applications due by November 1, but the 
search will remain open until the position is filled. Send letter of application, 
vita, and 1–2 page abstract of dissertation or current project to David 
Goslee, Associate Head, Department of English, University of Tennessee, 
Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. The Universit y of Tennessee is an EEO/ 
AA/
Title VI/Title 
IX/Section 
504/ADA/
ADEA institution in the provision 
of its education and employment programs and services. All qualified 
applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without 
regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital 
status, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, or covered 
veteran status. [R] 

Union U 

English, 1050 Union University Dr Jackson TN 38305 

Assistant Professor of English 898 

http://www.
uu.edu 

Tenure track position beginning fall 2008 for specialist in Renaissance 
literature. A secondary interest in one of the following is a plus: critical 
theory, American literature, or 20th Century British/Colonial 
& Postcolonial 
Literature. A strong commitment to undergraduate teaching is essential; 
all English faculty are expected to teach introductory composition 
and world literature. Completed Ph.D. preferred. Successful candidates 
must be professing Christians who are active members of a local church, 
enthusiastically support Union Universitys Identity, Mission, and Core 
Values, and articulate a Christian worldview in their work and life. 

Union University is consistently ranked among the nations premier 
Christian colleges and is currently ranked by U.S. News & World Report 
in the top tier of masters granting Southern universities. 

For access to a faculty application and more information, visit our website 
at http://www.
uu.edu. Applications will be accepted through November 
16, 2007. Will interview at MLA. Send the completed application, 
CV, and cover letter to: John Carbonell, Director of Human Resources, 
Union University, 1050 Union University Drive, Jackson, TN 38305, or 
by fax to 731-661-5177, or via E-mail to: hrdept@uu.edu. Women and 
minority candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Vanderbilt U 

English, PO Box 1654B Nashville TN 37235 

Assistant Professor of Victorian literature 841 

http://www.
vanderbilt.edu/english/ 


We invite applications for a tenure-track position as an assistant professor 
of English in the field of Victorian literature. Candidates must have PhD 
in hand by the start of the fall 2008 semester. Please send CV and letter of 
application to Jay Clayton, Chair, Department of English, 2301 Vanderbilt 
Place, Station B Box 351654, Nashville, TN 37235-1654. Deadline: November 
1, 2007. Women and minority candidates are strongly encouraged 
to apply. Vanderbilt is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 




Texas 

Angelo SU 

English, PO Box 10894 San Angelo TX 76909 

Assistant Professor of English 358 

http://www.
angelo.edu 

The Department of English at Angelo State University announces a tenure-
track position in English communication; Rheoric and Composition 
with an emphasis in business, professional, or technical writing; or English 
with substantial experience in teaching upper-division professional 
writing courses. PhD required by August 2008. Competitive entry-level 
salary. Teaching load is twelve hours per semester, including courses in 
upper-division professional writing, business communications and technical 
communications, as well as in freshman composition. Other duties 
include contribution to an existing specialization in Professional Writing 
by assisting with curriculum design, student recruitment, community 
outreach, and development of service learning opportunities. Evidence of 
scholarly publication/activity 
desirable. Service to department, university, 
profession, and community expected. Send letter of application, CV, and 
names, addresses, and telephone numbers of thre e professional references 
to Nancy Allen, Head, Department of English, ASU Station #10894, San 
Angelo, TX 76909-0894. Deadline open, but may be closed anytime after 
December 3, 2007. Angelo State University is located in San Angelo, a 
city of approximately 90,000. A state-sponsored coeducational institution 
governed by the Texas Tech University System, the University has an enrollment 
of approximately 6,200 students. As a regional, comprehensive 
university, it is fully accredited to award degrees at the associate, bachelor’s, 
and master’s levels through its five colleges and twenty academic 
departments. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 
[R] 

Austin C 

English, 900 N Grand Av, Ste 61555 Sherman TX 75090 

Assistant Professor of English 157 

http://www.
austincollege.edu/Jobs.
asp?828 

Department of English invites applicants for a tenure-track assistant 
professor position with a specialization in American literature to 1900. 
Captivity and slave narratives or other literatures of contact a plus. In addition 
to upper-level and intermediate courses in the above areas, teaching 
responsibilities will include introductory-level courses as well as 
college-wide courses in such programs as first-year seminars (C/I) 
and 
January terms. Participation in other college-wide programs, for example 
Southwestern and Mexican studies, gender studies, environmental studies, 
or American studies, is encouraged. For more information see www 
.austincollege.
edu/Jobs.
asp?828. Ph.D. required. Beginning August 2008. 
Send letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to Michael Imhoff, Vice President for Academic Affairs, 
900 N. Grand Avenue, Sherman, TX 75090-4400. For full consideration, 
all materials should be receiv ed by November 3, 2007. Interviews at 
MLA. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

Baylor U 

English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 641 

http://www.
baylor.edu 

English Romantic Poetry, tenure-track assistant professor to begin Fall 
2008. Undergraduate and graduate teaching. Active researcher with publications 
accepted and/or 
in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated 
with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, 
veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able 
to affirm Baylor’s Christian identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed 
beginning 15 October 2007, and will be accepted until the position 
is filled. MLA interviews. To ensure full consideration, applications 
should be completed by 1 November 2007. Send to Dr. Dianna Vitanza; 
Interim Chair, Department of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor 
University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. Initial applications should include 
only a letter of application and a c.v. After a review of initial applications, 
complete dossiers will be requested of applicants being considered for 
MLA interviews. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, 1 Bear Pl, #97404 Waco TX 76798 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 636 

http://www.
baylor.edu 

Medieval English Literature, tenure-track assistant professor to begin Fall 
2008. Undergraduate and graduate teaching. Active researcher with publications 
accepted and/or 
in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated 
with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity employer, 
Baylor encourages minorities, women, 
veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able 
to affirm Baylor’s Christian identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed 
beginning 15 October 2007, and will be accepted until the position 
is filled. MLA interviews. To ensure full consideration, applications 
should be completed by 1 November 2007. Send to Dr. Dianna Vitanza; 
Interim Chair, Department of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor 
University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. Initial applications should include 
only a letter of application and a c.v. After a review of initial applications, 
complete dossiers will be reques ted of applicants being considered for 
MLA interviews. [R] 

Lubbock Christian U 

Humanities, 5601 W 19 St Lubbock TX 79407 

Assistant Professor of English 456 

http://www.
lcu.edu 

The Department of Humanities is accepting applications for two possible 
tenure track positions (with PhD or ABD) within the English faculty to 
begin in Fall 2008. Preference will be given to candidates with degrees in 
composition and rhetoric, especially to those interested in teaching developmental 
writing, technical writing, and/or 
creative writing. A specialization 
in British literature since 1800 is also desirable. Duties will 
include a 4/4 
teaching load, advising, and committee service. PhD preferred, 
ABD acceptable, and MA or MFA (non-tenure track/instructor) 
considered. 

Active membership in a congregation of the churches of Christ is a requirement 
of employment. These positions are pending and subject to 
final approval and funding by the College of Liberal Arts. Submit a cover 
letter, curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to the chair of the 
search committee: Dr. Ronna Privett. [R] 

Rice U 

English, 6100 Main St, MS-30 Houston TX 77005 

Assistant or Associate Professor of African-American literature 449 

http://english.
rice.edu 

The Department seeks to appoint a tenure-track Assistant or Associate 
Professor in African-American literature and culture beginning August 
2008. 

We invite applicants working in a range of areas including but not limited 
to 19th or 20th century literature, popular culture, film and/or 
visual 
culture, creative writing, literature and the other arts, and the relations 
between African-American culture and postcolonial studies, diasporic 
studies, border studies, and intercultural exchange. Ph.D. by time of appointment. 
The Department offers a 2/2 
load and the opportunity to 
teach at both the undergraduate and doctoral levels. Salary commensurate 
with rank and qualifications. Review of applicants will begin October 15, 



2007 and will continue until position is filled. Send letter of application, 
CV, and dossier or three to five letters of reference to African-American 
Literature Search Committee, Department of English—MS 30, 6100 
Main Street, Rice University, Houston TX 77005. Position dependent on 
confirmation of funding. [R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Professor/Advanced 
Associate Professor of Poetry 842 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~eng_www 

Professor/Advanced 
Associate Professor, English and Creative Writing 
(Poetry)Search continued: 

The Department of English at Sam Houston State University seeks a tenured, 
senior-level poet to join our expanding creative writing program, 
beginning August 2008. We seek an outstanding poet who has a sustained, 
distinguished record in teaching and in publication and who is 
considered a leader in this field. A highly competitive salary is available, 
commensurate with experience. 

The ideal candidate will have an MFA and/or 
a Ph.D. in English, will 
have an excellent teaching record, will have published several books of his 
or her work with nationally recognized presses, and will have leadership 
experience in a graduate creative writing program. Additional publications 
in a second genre, particularly creative nonfiction, would be helpful 
as well. We plan to propose an MFA in Creative Writing and so seek 
someone who can contribute to that initiative, both in shaping the progra 
m and then in seeing it through to approval. 

Sam Houston State is located in historic Huntsville, 70 miles north of 
Houston, at the boundary between the Piney Woods region of East Texas 
and the Prairies and Lakes region of Central Texas. Nearby are the Sam 
Houston National Forest, with numerous hiking trails and camping opportunities, 
and two major lakes. Huntsville combines the ease of living 
in a small city with all that Houston has to offer, including arts, museums, 
sports, and entertainment. 

The university has a rapidly growing enrollment of approximately 16,000 
and a faculty of 500. SHSU offers outstanding programs in music, theatre, 
musical theatre, and dance. The Department of English is home to Texas 
Review and Texas Review Press. 

Please send a letter of interest, CV, three letters of recommendation, and 
a sample of published works to Bill Bridges, Department of English, Sam 
Houston State University, P.O. Box 2146, Huntsville, TX 77341. Review 
will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Interviews: 
MLA, phone, or ITV. Statements of interest will be acknowledged 
via email. SHSU is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative 
action 
plan employer. 
[R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant Professor of Technical/Professional 
Communication 839 

http://www.
shsu.edu/~eng_www 

Tenure-track appointment, contingent on funding and final approval. Primary 
emphasis in technical and professional communication, secondary 
specialty open. Ph.D. in English. Teaching experience required, publications 
desirable. Teach 3/3, 
including undergraduate and graduate courses 
in technical and professional communication and in secondary specialty 
and undergraduate courses in composition. 

Send letter of interest, c.v., and dossier to Bill Bridges, Department Chair, 
Department of English, P.O. Box 2146, Sam Houston State University, 
Huntsville, TX 77341. Applications will be acknowledged. Interviews: 
MLA, phone, or ITV. SHSU is an equal employment opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action plan employer. 
[R] 

Southern Methodist U 

English, PO Box 750435, 3225 University Dr Dallas TX 75275 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern British Literature 182 

http://www.
smu.edu/english 


Southern Methodist University, English Department, Dallas Hall Room 
5, 3225 University Blvd., Dallas TX 75205 Or P O Box 750435, Dallas 
TX 75270-0435 

The Department of English at Southern Methodist University seeks a 
tenure-track assistant professor (Position # 06341) in early modern British 
literature (1500–1700), field and methodology open. In August 2007 
the greatly augmented SMU English Department (with 3 new endowed 
chairs) greeted the inaugural class to its Ph.D. program, a small, select, 
exceptionally well-funded curriculum in literary and cultural studies 
(http://www.
smu.edu/english/
Graduate/index.
html). Candidates 
for this position should accordingly have a commitment to teaching at 
both the undergraduate and graduate levels and excellent potential and/or 
accomplishment 
as a publishing scholar. The Ph.D. from a literature department 
or appropriate area studies program must be completed no later 
than August 15, 2008. For full consideration, applicants must send a CV 
and a letter outlining teaching and research interests by October 19, 2007, 
to Ezra Greenspan, department chair, at the above address, although the 
recruitment committee will continue to accept applications until the position 
is filled. Send no writing samples at this time. We will be interviewing 
at MLA and will notify applicants of our decisions after the position 
is filled. SMU will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, 
national origin, sex, age, disability, or veteran status. SMUs commitment 
to equal opportunity includes nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual 
orientation. We i nvite applications from women and minorities. [R] 

Southwestern U 

English, PO Box 770, University Ave Georgetown TX 78627 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature and Culture 301 

http://www.
southwestern.edu 

Southwestern University’s English department invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in African American literature and culture, beginning 
fall 2008. We seek candidates with a strong commitment to teaching 
undergraduates and pursuing scholarship in a liberal arts college. Faculty 
normally teach 3 courses per semester, including survey courses, various 
topics courses (depending on the candidates special strengths and interests), 
and f irst-year writing. PhD in hand by August 2008. Interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA meeting in Chicago, December 27–30, 
2007. A letter of application, c.v., and at least three letters of recommendation 
should be sent by November 2 to: Connie Imhof, Faculty Secretary 
(English), 
Southwestern University, P.O. Box 770, Georgetown, TX, 
78627-0770. 

Southwestern University is committed to fostering a diverse educational 
environment and encourages applications from members of groups traditionally 
under-represented in academia. 

South western University is a selective, undergraduate institution committed 
to a broad-based liberal arts, sciences, and fine arts education located 
in Georgetown, Texas, 30 minutes north of Austin. Southwestern 
currently enrolls approximately 1,250 students and maintains a student to 
faculty ratio of 11 to 1. The University’s endowment ranks among the 
highest per student of undergraduate institutions in the country. In addition 
to a number of other national organizations, Southwestern University 
is a member of two consortia of premier liberal arts colleges, the Associated 
Colleges of the South and the Annapolis Group. Southwestern University 
is affiliated wi th The United Methodist Church. For information 
concerning Southwestern, please visit our Web site at www.southwestern 
.edu. [R] 



Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 513 

http://www-
english.tamu.edu/ 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position, 
beginning Fall 2008, in Rhetoric and Composition. Ph.D. required 
(or ABD with degree in hand by position start date of August, 2008). All 
specialties within the field will be considered. Desirable research interests 
include literacy studies, African-American and ethnic rhetorics, vernacular 
rhetorics, or non-western rhetorics. 

Having previously participated as a partner department in the Carnegie 
Foundation’s Initiative on the Doctorate, English is also designated a “signature” 
department at Texas A&M University. The university houses several 
major journals and research initiatives, including Callaloo, the World 
Shakespeare Bibliography Online, and the Donne Variorum project. We 
have undergraduate and graduate programs in such areas as Comparative 
Literature and Culture, Early Modern British Studies, New Modern British 
Studies, American Studies, Film, Creative Writing, Discourse Studies, 
a nd Gender Studies. Faculty at Texas A&M also benefit from the research 
opportunities made available through the Melbern G. Glasscock Center 
for Humanities Research, which provides support for individual scholars 
and research groups. 

Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate 
and graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental 
research support, including travel funds. 

Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas 
A&M is an AA/EEO 
employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds 
to the needs of dual-career couples. Visit our website at http:// 
www-
english.tamu.edu/fo 
r more information about the department and 
the university. 

The Search Committee will begin to review applications immediately. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier with three letters 
of recommendation and an article-length writing sample to: C. Jan 
Swearingen, Chair/Search 
Committee/Department 
of English/Texas 
A&M University/4227 
TAMU/College 
Station, TX 77843-4227. To be 
assured of full consideration, applications must be postmarked no later 
than November 1, 2007. Interviews will be conducted at MLA or at Texas 
A&M as circumstances warrant. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 512 

http://www-
english.tamu.edu/ 

The Department of English and the Africana Studies Program invite applications 
for a tenure-track position, beginning Fall 2008, in African- 
American Literature and Culture. Ph.D. required (or ABD with degree 
in hand by position start date of August, 2008). This position will be a 
joint appointment in English and the Africana Studies Program. While 
preference will be given to highly qualified scholars specializing in the 
nineteenth century, all appropriate areas of specialization will be considered, 
including Afro-Caribbean, post-colonial, black Atlantic, and African 
diasporic studies. 

Having previously participated as a partner department in the Carnegie 
Foundation’s Initiative on the Doctorate, English is also designated a “signature” 
department at Texas A&M University. The university houses several 
major journals and research initiatives, including Callaloo, the World 
Shakespeare Bibliography Online, and the Donne Variorum project. We 
have undergraduate and grad uate programs in such areas as Comparative 
Literature and Culture, Early Modern British Studies, New Modern British 
Studies, American Studies, Film, Creative Writing, Discourse Studies, 
and Gender Studies. Faculty at Texas A&M also benefit from the research 
opportunities made available through the Melbern G. Glasscock Center 
for Humanities Research, which provides support for individual scholars 
and research groups. 

Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate 
and graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental 
research support, including travel funds. 

Minorities and women scholars are strongly encou raged to apply. Texas 
A&M is an AA/EEO 
employer, 
is deeply committed to diversity, and responds 
to the needs of dual-career couples. Visit the English website at 
http://www-
english.tamu.edu/and 
the Africana Studies website at http:// 
africana.
tamu.edu/for 
more information. 

The Search Committee will begin to review applications immediately. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier with three letters 
of recommendation and an article-length writing sample to: C. Jan 
Swearingen, Chair/Search 
Committee/Department 
of English/Texas 
A&M University/4227 
TAMU/College 
Station, TX 77843-4227. To be 
assured of full consideration, applic ations must be postmarked no later 
than November 1, 2007. Interviews will be conducted at MLA or at Texas 
A&M as circumstances warrant. [R] 

Texas A&M U, Kingsville 

Lang & Lit, 700 University Blvd, MSC 162 Kingsville TX 78363 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of English 196 

http://www.
tamuk.edu/langlit 


Tenure-track position in Rhetoric and Composition to coordinate the 
Freshman/Sophomore 
English program and teach three courses per long 
semester. Required: earned PhD preferred, ABD accepted, in Rhetoric 
and Composition from a regionally accredited university, and successful 
teaching at the college level. Will teach all levels of composition, from 
freshman to graduate. May incude technical writing. Quality teaching, 
recruitment of students, and committee service are expected. Application 
review begins immediately and continues until filled. Send letter, vitae, 
and three current, original letters of recommendation and unofficial transcripts 
to Dr. Susan Roberson, Department of Language and Literature, 
MSC 162, Fore Hall, Texas A&M University-Kingsville, Kingsville, 
Texas 78363. For further requirments call 361-593-2518. Texas A&M is 
committed to excellence; all qualified applicants are urged to apply. EEO/ 
AA/
ADA. [R] 

Texas A&M U, Kingsville 

Lang & Lit, 700 University Blvd, MSC 162 Kingsville TX 78363 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of English 195 

http://www.
tamuk.edu/langlit 


Tenure-track position to direct new campus-wide Writing Across the 
Curriculum program and teach two courses per long semester. Required: 
earned PhD preferred, ABD acceptable, in Rhetoric and Composition 
from a regionally accredited university, and successful teaching at the college 
level. Will teach all levels of composition, from freshman to graduate. 
May incude technical writing. Application review begins immediately 
and continues until filled. Send letter, vitae, and three current, original 
letters of recommendation and unofficial transcripts to Dr. Susan Roberson, 
Department of Language and Literature, MSC 162, Fore Hall, 
Texas A&M University-Kingsville, Kingsville, Texas 78363. For further 
requirements, call 361-593-2519. Texas A&M is committed to excellence; 
all qualified applicants are urged to apply. EEO/AA/
ADA. [R] 

Texas A&M U 

Women’s Studies, TAMU 4351 College Station TX 77843 

Tenure-Track Position in Gender and Film Studies-Texas A&M
University 104 

http://wmst.
tamu.edu 

The interdisciplinary programs in Film Studies and Womens Studies invite 
applications for a joint position in gender and film studies, beginning 
fall 2008. This is one of six hires involving joint appointments in Womens 
Studies; the position is also intended to strengthen our growing program 



in film. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Film Studies or related field (by 
fall 2008) and a demonstrated commitment to Womens Studies as a discipline. 
Course assignments will be divided equally between the programs. 
Applicants with a strong research agenda in gender and cinema beyond 
the United States and/or 
in documentary, animation, or other forms outside 
the mainstream are preferred, although we will also consider applications 
from other qualified scholars. The successful candidate will teach 
Introduction to Womens Studies and either Introductory Film Analysis 
or Film History (preferably both, in alternate years) on a regular basis and 
develop cross-listed courses, particular ly on the graduate level. Review 
of applications will begin November 1. For full consideration, send cover 
letter outlining research and teaching interests, curriculum vitae, writing 
sample, and letters from three references to: Anne Morey, Chair, Film/ 
WMST 
Search Committee, Womens Studies Program, Texas A&M University, 
4351 TAMU, College Station, TX 77843-4351. Texas A&M is a 
leading public research university located within 90 minutes of the Houston 
and Austin metropolitan areas and strongly committed to creating 
a climate that values and nurtures collegiality, diversity, and pluralism. 
Texas A&M University is an AA/EOE 
and encourages underrepresented 
minorities and women to apply. [R] 

Texas Christian U 

English, PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 965 

http://www.
tcu.edu 

The TCU English Department invites applications for an Assistant Professor 
in Rhetoric and Composition. Specialization open but dissertation 
must be in rhetoric and composition. The Department is seeking to 
build on its strong program in rhetoric and composition, which includes 
six tenure-track/tenured 
faculty, a new writing major and minor, new 
across-curriculum writing initiatives, and a recently funded New Media 
Writing Studio. In a PhD-granting department offering courses at the 
undergraduate 
and graduate levels, commitments to teaching excellence 
and to sustained research and publication are expected. Competitive 
teaching load and salary with generous research support. PhD by August 
2008. Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. Please send letter 
of application and c.v. to Dan Williams, Chair; Department of English; 
TCU Box 297270; Fort Worth, TX 76129. Review of applications begins 
November 1; those received by November 19 will be considered for 
MLA in terviews. A private, secular institution of roughly 9,000 students 
located in Fort Worth, TCU is an AA/EO 
employer. 


Texas Christian U 

English, PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern and Renaissance Literature 967 

http://www.
tcu.edu 

The TCU English Department invites applications for an assistant professor 
in early modern and Renaissance literature with an emphasis on Reformation 
and post-Reformation religious movements. The Department is 
especially interested in scholars who explore the impact of religious conflict 
on literary representations of gender and sexuality. In a PhD-granting 
department offering courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels 
in both literature and rhetoric and composition, commitments to teaching 
excellence and to sustained research and publication are expected. Competitive 
teaching load and salary with generous research support. PhD 
required by August 2008. Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. 
Please send letter of application and c.v. to Dan Williams, Chair; Department 
of English; TCU Box 297270; Fort Worth, TX 76129. Review of 
applications begins November 1; those received by November 19 will be 
considered for MLA interviews. A private, secular institu tion of roughly 
9,000 students located in Fort Worth, TCU is an AA/EO 
employer. 


Texas Christian U 

English, PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Assistant Professor of Latino/a 
and/or 
Chicano/a 
Literatures and 
Cultures 966 

http://www.
tcu.edu 

The TCU English Department invites applications for an assistant professor 
in Latino/a 
and/or 
Chicano/a 
literatures and cultures. Other areas 
might include Borderland studies and transnational literatures. The period 
of specialty is open. In a PhD-granting department offering courses at 
the undergraduate and graduate levels, commitments to teaching excellence 
and to sustained research and publication are expected. Competitive 
teaching load and salary with generous research support. PhD required 
by August 2008. Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. Please send 
letter of application and c.v. to Dan Williams, Chair; Department of English; 
TCU Box 297270; Fort Worth, TX 76129. Review of applications 
begins November 1; those received by November 19 will be considered 
for MLA interviews. A private, secular institution of roughly 9,000 students, 
TCU is an AA/EO 
employer. 


Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of American Literature to 1865 800 

http://www.
english.ttu.edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor with a specialization in 
American Literature to 1865. Tenure-track. 2/2 
load guaranteed during 
first two years; then 3/3 
with opportunities for reduction to 3/2. 
Graduate 
and undergraduate courses; service on thesis and dissertation committees. 
Ph.D. required. We are interested in candidates with publications or 
publication potential. 

The Department of English is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with four undergraduate 
divisions, two masters, and two doctoral programs. The university’s 
Southwest Collection/Special 
Collections library (www.swco.ttu.edu) 
offers important resources for research. A new building provides stateof-
the-art classrooms. Texas Tech is a growing university system, encompassing 
a law school and medical school as well as colleges of Arts and 
Sciences, Agriculture, Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, 
Human Sciences, Ma ss Communication, and Visual and Performing 
Arts. The College of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment 
of 29,000. 

Candidates must apply online at http://jobs.
texastech.edu (No. 74904), attaching 
a letter of application and curriculum vitae. Applications will be 
accepted until the position is filled; the committee will start screening 
applications on November 1, 2007. Direct inquiries to english@ttu.edu. 
TTU is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages 
applications from minorities and women. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-­Century British Literature 810 

http://www.
english.ttu.edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature. Area of specialization open, but candidates with interest 
in Restoration and early 18th century are encouraged to apply. Tenure-
track. 2/2 
load guaranteed during first two years; 3/3 
thereafter with 
opportunities for reduction to 3/2. 
Graduate and undergraduate courses; 
service on thesis and dissertation committees. Ph.D. required. We are interested 
in candidates with publications or publication potential. 

The Department of English is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with four undergraduate 
divisions, two masters and two doctoral programs. The Eighteenth 
Century: Theory and Interpretation has been based in the English de



partment for 25 years. The University Library subscribes to the Gale 
Eighteenth Century Collections Online (ECCO). A new building provides 
state-of-the-art classrooms. Texas Tech is a growing un iversity system, 
encompassing a law school and medical school as well as colleges of 
Arts and Sciences, Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, 
Human Sciences, Mass Communication, and the Visual and Performing 
Arts. The College of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment 
of 29,000. 

Candidates must apply online at http://jobs.
texastech.edu (No. 74903), attaching 
a letter of application and curriculum vitae. Applications will be 
accepted until the position is filled; the committee will start screening 
applications on November 1, 2007. Direct inquiries to english@ttu.edu. 
TTU is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, 
and it encourages 
applications from minorities and women. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of British Renaissance Nondramatic Literature 805 

http://www.
english.ttu.edu 

Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor with a specialization in 
British Renaissance Nondramatic Literature. Desirable subspecialties include 
Spenser, Milton, or lyric poetry of the sixteenth and/or 
seventeenth 
centuries. Tenure-track, with a 2/2 
load during first two years; thereafter 
3/3 
with opportunities for reduction to 3/2. 
Teaching will include graduate 
and undergraduate courses; service on thesis and dissertation committees. 
Ph.D. required. We are interested in candidates with publications or 
publication potential. 

The Department of English is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 
150 graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with four undergraduate divisions, 
two masters, and two doctoral programs. The university’s Southwest 
Collection/Special 
Collections library (www.swco.ttu.edu) offers 
important resources for research, including a manuscript of John Donne’s 
poetry. A new building provides state-of-the-art classrooms. Texas Tech 
is a gro wing university system, encompassing a law school and medical 
school as well as colleges of Arts and Sciences, Agriculture, Architecture, 
Business Administration, Engineering, Human Sciences, Mass Communication, 
and Visual and Performing Arts. The College of Arts and Sciences 
represents 35% of the total enrollment of 29,000. 

Candidates must apply online at http://jobs.
texastech.edu (No. 74902), attaching 
a letter of application and curriculum vitae. Applications will be 
accepted until the position is filled; the committee will start screening 
applications on November 1, 2007. Direct inquiries to english@ttu.edu. 
TTU, an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Act ion Employer, 
encourages 
applications from minorities and women. 

Trinity U 

English, 1 Trinity Pl San Antonio TX 78212 

Assistant Professor of Medieval British Literature 67 

http://www.
trinity.edu 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English for Fall 2008 

Recent Ph.D. (or near Ph.D.) in English with research specialty in Medieval 
British Literature, including the history, religion, and culture of the 
Old and Middle English periods and relevant Latin and vernacular European 
backgrounds, with related interests in one or more of the following 
areas: Chaucer, history of Medieval English; gender and sexuality; genre 
studies; intellectual history; New Historicist approaches; manuscript study 
and editorial practice; and material culture. Teach three undergraduate 
classes each semester, including upper-level courses in Medieval British 
Literature, lower-level survey courses in British Literature before 1800, 
and first-year writing courses. 

Application letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, three confidential 
academic reference letters (not to be sent by candidate), dissertation 
abstract, and writing sample (no more than 20 pages) to be sent (surface 
mail only) by November 12, 2007 to: 

Professor Victoria Aarons, Chair, Department of English, Trinity University, 
1 Trinity Place, San Antonio, Texas 78212-7200. [Email: vaarons@ 
trinity.edu] 

Trinity University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 


Minority and women candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Houston, Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor of English in Professional Writing/Technical 
Communication 662 

http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/humanities/
english/ 

Two tenure-track positions available: teach upper-level business and technical 
report writing and related courses such as usability, project management, 
advertising, legal writing, and others in our recognized BS and MS 
programs. Expertise in assessment desired. New usability/accessibility 
lab 
available for teaching and research. 

Applications accepted now. Search open until positions filled. 

Basic Requirements: 

Ph.D. completed by end of Fall semester 2008 

University-level teaching experience 

Potential to research and publish in the field 

Appointment Details: 

Undergraduate teaching load 4/4. 
Positions budgeted at $47,000 for 9 
months. Summer teaching (additional salary) frequently available. For information 
about the department, check http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/ 
colleges/humanities/
english/. 

To Apply: 

Send letter of application, CV, unofficial transcripts, statement of teaching 
philosophy, sample of scholarly or professional writing, and three letters 
of reference to Dr. Wayne Schmadeka, Professional Writing Search 
Committee, English Department, Suite S-1045, University of Houston- 
Downtown, One Main Street, Houston, TX 77002 or electronically to 
schmadekaw@uhd.edu. 

Additional Info: 

The University of Houston-Downtown is an urban, open-admissions, 
multicultural teaching university and an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer 
located amidst top medical, oil and gas, and aerospace 
industries. 

Offer of employment contingent upon verification of individuals eligibility 
for employment in the U.S. [R] 

U of Houston, Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor of English 669 

http://www.
uhd.edu/academic/
colleges/humanities/
english/degr 


Two funded tenure-track positions beginning August 2008. Candidates 
must demonstrate training, experience, and/or 
scholarship in composition. 
All members of the department teach composition and sophomore 
literature surveys. Expertise in one of the following: classical, medieval, 
or early modern literature and/or 
rhetoric. PhD completed by the end of 
Fall 2008 required. 

The University of Houston-Downtown is an urban, open-admissions 
university serving a diverse student population in Houston’s vibrant city 
center. UHD is a teaching-oriented institution with a 4/4 
load. Budgeted 
nine-month salary is $46,694; summer teaching for additional salary 
is frequently available. Information available at http://www.
uhd.edu/ 
academic/
colleges/humanities/
english/degrees_
and_programs.html. 

Complete application f iles are due November 5 for MLA interviews. 
Search will remain open until positions are filled. Send letter of application, 
CV, statement of teaching philosophy, and photocopies of transcripts 
to Dr. Tammis Thomas, Literature/Composition 
Search Committee 



Chair, English Department, Suite S-1045, University of Houston-Downtown, 
One Main Street, Houston, TX 77002-1001. 

Offer of employment contingent upon verification of individual’s eligibility 
for employment in the United States. AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Rhetoric, Composition and Pedagogy 844 

http://uh.
edu 

The Department of English at the University of Houston is seeking one, 
and possibly two scholars at either the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor, 
in the area of rhetoric, composition, and pedagogy. Candidates 
with an interest in composition and cultural literacy, or in identity theory 
or border rhetorics are especially encouraged to apply. A secondary interest 
in linguistics is very desirable. Candidates should have a record of successful 
scholarship and research or in the case of recent doctorates a clear 
research agenda, and they should show that they are effective teachers. 
Successful candidates would work with the Departments senior rhetoric 
and composition scholars in developing an innovative graduate concentration 
in Composition and Pedagogy. 

The University of Houston is among the most ethnically diverse research 
universities in the nation. Located in the nations fourth largest city, it 
provides an unparalleled opportunity for research and scholarship in the 
teaching of writing. 

Please send letter, curriculum vitae, and dossier, including three letters 
of reference, to Professor Wyman H. Herendeen, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Houston, Houston, TX 77204-3013. Review of 
applications will begin 1 November 2007 and will continue until the 
position is f illed. The University of Houston is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative 
action employer. 
Minorities, women, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Houston 

English, 4800 Calhoun Houston TX 77204 

Contemporary Poetry 846 

http://uh.
edu 

The Department of English at the University of Houston is seeking a 
scholar, at either the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor, specializing 
in the area of contemporary American poetry with secondary interests in 
contemporary British poetry. The successful candidate must have a record 
of successful scholarship and research as well as effective teaching that will 
contribute to the study of contemporary poetry and will complement the 
Departments outstanding strengths in Creative Writing. 

The University of Houston is the premier public doctoral institution in 
the fourth largest city, and is among the nations most ethnically diverse 
research universities. Please send letter, curriculum vitae, and dossier, 
including three letters of reference, to Professor Wyman H. Herendeen, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Houston, Houston, Texas 
77204-3013. Review of applications will begin 1 November 2007 and 
will continue until the position is filled. The University of Houston is an 
equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Minorities, women, veterans, 
and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Houston, Clear Lake 

Lit Prog, 2700 Bay Area Blvd, Box 250 Houston TX 77058 

Assistant Professor of Literature 65 

http://www.
uhcl.edu 

The University of Houston-Clear Lake invites applications for a tenuretrack 
position as Assistant Professor of Literature. Appointment begins 
August 2008. Ph.D. required by time of appointment. Excellent teacher 
sought to work with diverse students. Must have active research agenda. 
Teaching areas: both Mythology (esp. classical) and Shakespeare. Previous 
teaching experience essential. 

UHCL is a culturally diverse, upper-level university ( juniors, seniors, and 
masters students) adjacent to NASA-Johnson Space Center, 30 minutes 
from downtown Houston. Apply online only at https://jobs.uhcl.edu. Include 
letter of interest and vita with online faculty application. Also mail 
3 letters of recommendation and graduate transcript to: Chair, Literature 
Assistant Professor Search Committee, University of Houston-Clear 
Lake, 2700 Bay Area Blvd., MC 416, Houston, TX 77058-1098. Review 
of completed appl ications begins immediately. Preference given to completed 
applications received by November 9. Interviews at MLA. Proof 
of eligibility to work in the USA must be provided. We reserve the right 
not to fill the position. Only those applicants selected for further consideration 
will be contacted. An Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer 
supporting workplace diversity. 

U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of English, Creative Nonfiction 796 

http://www.
engl.unt.edu/ 

Tenure-track position in creative nonf iction, beginning 9/2008. 
Required 
qualifications include a Ph.D. or M.F.A. and significant publication 
record in the field. Relevant teaching experience highly desirable. 
The typical teaching load for productive faculty is 3/2. 
Send letter of application, 
vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. David Holdeman, 
Chair, Department of English, University of North Texas, P.O. Box 
311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. We will begin considering applications 
immediately, and the position will remain open until filled. UNT 
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer 
that values diversity 
and is located in the culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/Fort 
Worth metroplex. [R] 

U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of British Renaissance literature 798 

http://www.
engl.unt.edu/ 

Tenure-track position in British literature and culture of the early modern 
period, including Shakespeare, beginning 9/2008. 
Required qualifications 
include a Ph.D. and developing publication record in the field. Relevant 
teaching experience highly desirable. The successful applicant will 
regularly teach a senior-level Shakespeare course, graduate Shakespeare 
courses, and other electives in Renaissance literature. The typical teaching 
load for productive faculty is 3/2. 
Send letter of application, vita, and 
three letters of reference to Prof. David Holdeman, Chair, Department 
of English, University of North Texas, P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 
76203-1307. We will begin considering applications immediately, and the 
position will remain open until filled. UNT is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Employer 
that values diversity and is located in the 
culturally and economically vibrant Dallas/Fort 
Worth metroplex. [R] 

U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant Professor of British Victorian literature 801 

http://www.
engl.unt.edu/ 

Tenure-track position in British literature and culture of the Victorian 
period, beginning 9/2008. 
Required qualifications include a Ph.D. and 
developing publication record in the field. Relevant teaching experience 
highly desirable. The typical teaching load for productive faculty is 3/ 
2. 
Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Prof. 
David Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, University of North 
Texas, P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. We will begin considering 
applications immediately, and the position will remain open until 
filled. UNT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer 
that 



values diversity and is located in the culturally and economically vibrant 
Dallas/Fort 
Worth metroplex. [R] 

U of Texas, Arlington 

English, PO Box 19035 Arlington TX 76019 

Assistant Professor of English (Composition Studies) 262 

http://www.
uta.edu/english/
home/index.
html 

The English Department of the University of Texas at Arlington invites 
applications for the tenure-track position of Assistant Professor, with a 
specialization in composition studies, to start in the Fall semester of AY 
2008–09; the teaching load is 2/2 
the first year and 3/2 
thereafter. The 
successful applicant must be an active researcher in composition theory 
and pedagogy who can contribute to a vibrant PhD program. Additional 
research related to one or more of the following areas is preferred: computers 
and writing; cultural studies; empirical research methods; ESL; 
ethnography; learning communities; literacy studies; professional writing; 
service learning; technical writing; writing across the curriculum 
(WAC); writing assessment; writing in the disciplines (WID); and writing 
program theory and administration. Minimal qualifications are a PhD in 
English, Rhetoric, Composition, or a related field. Salary is commensurate 
with credentials/experience, 
and is based on a nine-month contract. 
Summer teaching may be available. Located in the Dallas-Forth Worth 
metropolitan area, UT Arlington is rated a Doctoral/Research 
Extensive 
University by the Carnegie Foundation and offers an MA and PhD in 
English. Applications must be postmarked no later than November 15, 
2007 if applicants wish to be considered for an MLA interview. Position 
open until filled. Send letter of application, CV, and a writing sample to 
Professor Kevin Porter, Chair, Composition Studies Search Committee, 
English Department, P.O. Box 19035, University of Texas at Arlington, 
Arlington, TX 76019-0035. UT Arlington is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Employer. [R] 

U of Texas, Arlington 

English, PO Box 19035 Arlington TX 76019 

Assistant Professor of English in U.S. Latino/a 
Literatures 571 

http://www.
uta.edu/english/
home/index.
html 

The English Department of the University of Texas at Arlington invites 
applications for the position of Assistant Professor of English in U.S. 
Latino/a 
Literatures, to start in Fall semester of 2008/2009. 
The teaching 
load is 2/2 
the first year and 3/2 
thereafter. The successful applicant 
must be an active researcher in U.S. Latino/a 
Literatures, including, but 
not limited to, Chicano/a 
or Mexican-American literatures. Additional 
research related to any of the following areas is also preferred: literature 
of the Americas, border theories, globalization studies, literary pedagogy, 
material culture, or performance studies. Minimal qualifications 
are a PhD in English, Latino/a 
Studies, Ethnic Studies, or a closely-related 
field. The candidate would be expected to teach undergraduate and 
graduate courses in the English Department, as well as contributing to 
the undergraduate minor in interdisciplinary Mexican-American studies, 
offered though CMAS—the Center for Mexican A merican studies. UT 
Arlington has a large population of Latino/a 
students interested in Latino/ 
a 
studies. CMAS offers UT Arlington faculty additional research support, 
a community of colleagues engaged in research on Latino/a 
studies, as 
well as avenues for community outreach. The candidate may also be interested 
in an exchange program with the Universidad IberoAmericana 
and the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana (UAM) in Mexico City 
and the Tecnológico de Monterrey for faculty working on Digital Mediarelated 
projects. The Center for Southwestern Studies and Women’s Studies 
offer additional opportunities. 

Salary is commensurate with credentials/experie 
nce, and is based on a 
nine-month contract. Summer teaching may be available. Located in the 
Dallas-Fort-Worth metropolitan area, UT Arlington is rated a Doctoral/ 
Research 
Extensive University by the Carnegie-Mellon Foundation and 
offers an M.A. and Ph.D. in English. Applications must be postmarked no 
later than October 25th if applicants wish to be considered for an MLA 
interview. Position open until filled. Send letter of application, dissertation 
abstract, CV, and a writing sample to Professor Stacy Alaimo, Chair 
US Latino/a 
Search Committee, English Department, Box 19035, University 
of Texas at Arlington, Arlington, Texas 76019. UT Arlington is an 

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
[R] 

U of Texas, Austin 

English, Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of Victorian Literature 695 

http://www.
utexas.edu/cola/
depts/english/ 


The English Department at The University of Texas at Austin seeks to 
appoint an Assistant Professor in the field of Victorian Literature to begin 
Fall 2008. We are looking for someone whose work will engage with the 
rich holdings of the Harry Ransom Center, and who has interests in such 
areas as gender and sexuality, bibliography and textual studies, computers 
and English studies, or poetics. Applicants should have PhD in hand or 
expected by August 2008, documented evidence of teaching excellence, 
and a clearly defined research agenda. The selected candidate will be expected 
to teach at all levels of our curriculum; to direct dissertations, MA 
reports, and honors theses; to publish actively, and to offer service to department, 
college, and university. Deadline for applications is October 15, 
2007. Please send a letter of interest and cv to the Victorian Literature 
Search Committee, Department of English, University of Texas, Austin, 
TX 78712-1164. The position is subjec t to budgetary approval. The 
University of Texas is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
Background checks will be 
conducted on the successful candidate. 

U of Texas, Austin 

English, Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712 

Faculty Position of Mexican American Literature 702 

http://www.
utexas.edu/cola/
depts/english/ 


The Center for Mexican-American Studies and the Department of English 
at the University of Texas at Austin invites applications for a faculty 
position in the literature and expressive culture of the peoples of Mexican 
origin in the United States, especially one whose work will engage with 
the rich resources in this area held in the Benson Latin American Collection. 
This will be an open rank appointment with its academic home 
in the Department of English. All historical periods, regional areas, interdisciplinary 
approaches and subfields are welcome, including gender 
studies, archival work, media studies and childrens literature. Candidates 
with interests in transnational work and comparative ethnic literatures are 
also encouraged to apply. At minimum, applicants should have the PhD 
in hand or expected by August 2008, documented evidence of teaching 
excellence, and a clearly defined research agenda. The selected candidate 
will be expected to teach at all levels of our cur riculum; to direct dissertations, 
MA reports, and honors theses; publish actively; and offer service 
to the English Department, the Center for Mexican American Studies, 
and the University. Rank and salary for this position will be commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Deadline for applications is October 
15, 2007. Please send letter and cv to Professor Elizabeth Cullingford, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Texas, Austin, TX 78712- 
1164. The position is subject to budgetary approval. The University of 
Texas is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
Background checks will be conducted on 
the successful candidate. 

U of Texas, Austin 

English, Parlin 108 1 University Stn, B5000 Austin TX 78712 

Professor of Creative Writing 697 

http://www.
utexas.edu/cola/
depts/english/ 


The English Department at The University of Texas at Austin, in conjunction 
with the Michener Center for Writing, invites applications for 
the position of Professor in Creative Writing with a specialization in poetry 
to begin Fall 2008. Applicants should have substantial, high quality 



publications, a national reputation, and an excellent teaching record. The 
selected candidate will be expected to teach at all levels of our curriculum; 
to direct MA and MFA reports and honors theses; publish actively; and to 
offer service to department, college, and university. Deadline for applications 
is October 15, 2007. Please send a letter of interest and cv to the 
Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of Texas, Austin, TX 78712-1164. The position is subject to budgetary 
approval. The University of Texas is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
Background 
checks will be conducted on the successful candidate. 

U of Texas, Austin 

Rhetoric & Writing, 1 University Station, B5500 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Writing 741 

http://www.
drw.utexas.edu 

The Department of Rhetoric & Writing (DRW) at The University of 
Texas at Austin seeks to hire an entry-level assistant professor in one of the 
following areas: 

Cultural Rhetorical Studies 

We seek candidates who have demonstrated strong scholarly promise at 
the intersections of rhetoric, ethnicity, identity, culture, and the public 
sphere. 

Emerging Communication Technologies and Digital Media 

We seek candidates who have demonstrated scholarly promise in the area 
of rhetoric and technology studies. 

As a member of the DRW, the successful candidate will have the opportunity 
to design and teach a wide variety of courses at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels all with the support of our nationally renowned 
Computer Writing and Research Lab (CWRL), which includes state-ofthe-
art computer classrooms, multimedia labs, independent servers, and 
instructor prep labs. 

The successful candidate also will demonstrate a commitment to excellent 
teaching and undergrad uate writing instruction, as well as an ability to 
contribute to the undergraduate major in Rhetoric & Writing and to the 
doctoral programs in Rhetoric and/or 
in Computers and English Studies. 

The DRW boasts a dynamic, collegial, nationally and internationally recognized 
faculty with interests in the history, theory, and criticism of rhetoric; 
composition theory and pedagogy; technologies of writing; visual 
rhetoric; empirical research; writing in the disciplines and professions; 
rhetoric and poetics; and language and literacy studies. Sub-units of the 
DRW include the Undergraduate Writing Center; the Computer Writing 
and Research Lab; and the College of Li beral Arts Writing Across the 
Curriculum Initiative. Teaching load is 2/2; 
salary is competitive. 

Application deadline is November 1, 2007. Submit a letter of application, 
a curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, a dissertation 
abstract, and a statement of teaching philosophy (no longer than one page) 
to Linda Ferreira-Buckley, Chair; Department of Rhetoric & Writing; 
1 University 
Station B5500; The University of Texas at Austin; Austin 
TX 78712-0200. 

The University of Texas at Austin is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of Texas, El Paso 

English, 500 W University Av, 113 Hudspeth Hall El Paso TX 79968 

Assistant Professor of English Education 707 

http://utep.
edu/english 


Assistant Professor, tenure-track, beginning fall 2008. Qualif ications: 
PhD or EdD and expertise in English Education and English/Language 
Arts pedagogy. Additional requirements include the ability to contribute 
to the intellectual vitality of the English Education Program through 
scholarship, service, and the ability to teach undergraduate and graduate 
courses and direct these in the Masters of Arts in Teaching (MAT) in 
English. Successful candidates should also be able to demonstrate a strong 
record of teaching in the secondary English/Language 
Arts classroom. 
Experience working with diverse populations is also desirable. 

Teaching responsibilities include Teaching Literature and Composition in 
the Secondary Classroom, Speech & Drama in the English Classroom, 
English Teaching Lab (principles and practices of lesson planning and curriculum 
development), and Teaching Grammar through Writing. Great 
availability of technology-rich classrooms. 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2007. Position open until 
filled. Send letter of application, writing sample, CV, and dossier (or three 
letters of recommendations) to Dr. Keith Polette, Director of English 
Education, English Department, UTEP, 500 W. University Avenue, El 
Paso, TX 79968-0526. UTEP, an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action 
Employer, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, 
sex, religion, age, disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation in 
employment or the provision of services. 

Utah 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of English 267 

http://english.
byu.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for continuing status track 
positions, all areas considered. Successful candidates will show evidence 
of excellence in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. 
Salary, benefits, and teaching load competitive. PhD completion expected 
by starting date. Applications are completed online at http://yjobs.
byu 
.edu (select full-time faculty, then follow the link to Faculty-English). 
Initial applications include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. 
These must be submitted by November 15. Application materials may be 
attached to the online application or sent to Faculty Search Committee, 
Department of English, 4198 JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, 
Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity employer, 
does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, 
veteran status, or against qualified individuals with disabilities. All 
faculty 
are required to abide by the universitys honor code and dress and 
grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members in good 
standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 Central Campus Dr, Rm 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English and Ethnic Studies 389 

http://www.
utah.edu 

The English Department and Ethnic Studies Program at the University 
of Utah are seeking to make a tenure-track or tenured joint appointment 
of a specialist in Chicano-Chicana literature and culture at the rank of 
assistant or associate professor. Salary is competitive and teaching load is 
2–2, to be split evenly between the two programs. We welcome applicants 
with a broad range of interests, from transnational studies, literature 
of the Americas, borderland theory and critical theory, to language, 
film and media. Candidates should have the PhD in hand by the fall of 
2008. We are looking for evidence of published and publishable scholarship, 
and a commitment to working with a diverse group of colleagues. 
The department plans to interview at MLA. Send letter of application, 
CV, dossier, and writing sample of no more than 50 pages to: Search 
Committee, Chicano-Chicana Studies, 255 S. Central Campus Drive, 
Rm. 3500, Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0494. Applications must be postmarked 
by November 9, 2007. The University of Utah is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative 
Action employer, 
encourages applications from 
women and minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation to the 
known disabilities of applicants and employees. The University values 
candidates who have experience working in settings with students from 
diverse backgrounds and candidates who possess a strong commitment to 



improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented 
students. [R] 

Utah SU 

English, 3200 Old Main Hill Logan UT 84322 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track, in American Literature 708 

http://websites.
usu.edu/english/ 


PhD in American literature or American Studies and teaching experience 
required; publications desired. Teaching assignment is two courses per semester. 
Position available August 2008 at competitive salary. 

Candidates should be qualified to teach American literature to 1865 and 
upper-division courses in the pre-1860 period as well as upper-division/ 
graduate 
courses in American literature and other courses as needed and 
qualif ied. We strongly prefer candidates whose teaching and research 
address Hispanic-American topics, such as southwestern borderlands 
and migrations, the Spanish colonial period in the New World, and the 
Mexican-American War. Related secondary interests, such as Latino/a 
literature, 
are desirable. Because we wish to foster awareness of cultural diversity 
within the department and the university, the successful candidate 
will be expected to participate in the activities of the interdisciplinary 
American Studies program, the Latin American Area Studies minor, and 
the university’s Mountain West Center for Regional Studies. Willingness 
to work with minority student groups to help with recruitment in the 
rapidly growing Latino community in Utah is also desirable. Currently, 
the local population is 15% Latino, and it is projected that by 2010 40% of 
students enrolled in Utah’s elementary schools will be Latino. 

Utah State is classified as a Doctoral Extensive university by the Carnegie 
Foundation. This position is located on the university’s main campus 
in Logan, a community with a regional population of 100,000, approximately 
90 minutes north of Salt Lake City. The area has great scenic b 
eauty and a four-season climate with excellent opportunities for outdoor 
recreation year round (see http://www.
usu.edu/greats/). 


Submit letter of application, vita, graduate transcript, and three letters of 
recommendation to https://jobs.usu.edu. Department acknowledges all 
applications. Preliminary interviews at MLA followed by on-campus visit. 
AA/EOE. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 9/6/
07 [R] 

Vermont 

Castleton C 

English, Castleton VT 05735 

Tenure-track position in English 568 

http://www.
castleton.edu 

Tenure-track position in English beginning August 2008. Applicants 
should demonstrate experience in, commitment to, and aptitude for 
teaching general-education writing, public speaking, and literature 
courses. The position requires a dedication to teaching; to scholarly activity; 
and to college and community service, including to assessment as well 
as to K-16 collaboration with area school teachers. QUALIFICATIONS: 
the Ph.D. or D.A. in English, Literature, or Rhetoric and Composition. 
Candidates likely to earn the degree by August 2009 will be considered. 
Castleton has placed a special value on the teaching roles of its faculty, and 
candidates for this position will be evaluated principally on the basis of 
their potential to be outstanding teachers and colleagues. Rank and salary 
are dependent on qualifications and experience. Review of applications 
will begin November 16, 2007, and continue until the position is filled. 
Send letter, vita, and dossier to Dr. Joseph T. Mark, Academic Dean, Castleton 
State College, Castleton, VT 05735. [R] 

U of Vermont 

English, 400 Old Mill, 94 University Pl Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant professor of English 392 

http://www.
uvm.edu/~English 

Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall, 2008. Medieval British 
Literature. Ph.D. in English with specialization in British literature and 
culture to 1500. 

Typical assignment includes one of the gateway courses for English majors 
(Texts and Contexts, a course in close reading and writing; or Critical 
Approaches, an introduction to literary and cultural theory), a course in 
history of the English language, introductory and advanced undergraduate 
courses and occasional M.A.-level seminars. 

The successful candidate will be expected to undertake an active program 
of research or creative activity that leads to publication and presentation 
in peer-reviewed scholarly outlets and, where available, to seek extramural 
funding for that research. The Department is especially interested in 
candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic 
community through their research, teaching and/or 
service. Applicants 
are requested to include in their cover letter information about how 
they will further this goal. 

The University of Vermont is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 
The Department is committed to increasing faculty diversity 
and welcomes applications from women and underrepresented ethnic, racial 
and cultural groups and from people with disabilities. 

Online Applications: Apply online at www.uvmjobs.com. Search for the 
position using Department name (English) only. Attach a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae to your application by November 15, 2007. 

Paper Applications: Send letter of application and curriculum vitae postmarked 
by November 15, 2007, to Prof. Lokangaka Losambe, Chair, 
Dept. of English, University of Vermont, Old Mill 400, Burlington, VT 
05405. Applications will be acknowledged by letter; please do not send 
unsolicited materials. Interviews at MLA in December in Chicago. [R] 

Virginia 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 466 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Post-WW2 British Literature and 
Culture, to begin Fall 2008. We are especially interested in candidates 
whose research situates the literature of the British Isles in a transnational 
context, including attention to the dynamics of a multicultural, post-imperial 
society. Expertise in poetry or drama also desirable. Must demonstrate 
potential for excellence in research combined with versatility in 
teaching. The successful candidate will contribute to our graduate and 
undergraduate curricula, including general education courses in literature 
or composition. Apply and submit cover letter, c.v., and writing sample 
online at http://jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for position F5699z.) Also, send at 
least three letters of recommendation through the mail to John Foster, 
Search Committee, Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, George Mason 
University, Fairfax, VA 22030. Review of applications begins November 
1st. GMU is an Equal Opportunity/Aff 
irmative Action employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 



George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English/Associate 
Director, Northern Virginia Writing 
Project 439 

http://english.
gmu.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Composition Studies who will help 
direct the Northern Virginia Writing Project, beginning Fall 2008. 
Candidates should have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric, Composition, English, or 
English Education, along with experience and/or 
scholarship in K-12 
teaching and in composition pedagogy. Additional research interests in 
one or more of the following areas preferred: writing across the curriculum, 
writing-to-learn, assessment, teaching of literature. 

Candidates should demonstrate the potential for excellence in scholarship 
and undergraduate and graduate teaching. (Teaching opportunities 
include composition and advanced composition with a WAC emphasis, 
upper-division nonfiction writing, as well as graduate courses in rhetoric, 
composition instruction, and theories of composition.) They should 
also demonstrate an interest in curriculum and program development. 
After three years as Associate Director, the successful candidate will become 
Director of t he Writing Project. Established in 1978, the Northern 
Virginia 
Writing Project currently serves over 1900 educators (K-University) 
each year with a summer institute, in-service courses, conferences, 
and workshops. 

Situated in a dynamic, multifaceted department, our composition faculty 
participate in the New Media Group in English, B.A. concentration 
in nonfiction writing, M.A. in professional writing and editing, M.A. 
in the teaching of writing and literature, writing across the curriculum 
program, technology across the curriculum initiatives, and the university-
wide writing center. Review of applications begins October 1, 2007. 
Apply and submit cover letter, c.v., and writing sample online at http:// 
jobs.
gmu.edu. (Look for position F7002Z.) Also, send at least three letters 
of recommendation through the mail to Don Gallehr, Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, 
VA 22030. GMU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Richmond 

English, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173 

Assistant Professor of English in postcolonial/global 
literatures 412 

http://english.
richmond.edu/ 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in postcolonial and global literatures and cultures at the assistant-professor 
level, to begin in the fall of 2008. Research and teaching emphasis should 
include one or more Anglophone literatures; African literature is of particular 
interest, but other areas of expertise would be desirable as well. 
The appointee will be expected to maintain a commitment to excellence 
both in teaching and in research. Teaching will involve general-education 
courses as well as advanced courses for majors; five courses per year. 
The successful candidate will have proven teaching ability and will show 
promise of significant scholarly accomplishment. PhD in hand by August 
1, 2008, required. To be considered for MLA interviews, applicants 
should submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample, 
and separate statements of (1) teaching philosophy and experience and (2) 
research interests and plans to Louis Tremaine, Chair, Search Committee, 
Dept. of English, University of Richmond, VA 23173. Applicants should 
also arrange for a current transcript and three letters of recommendation, 
including at least one that addresses teaching potential, to be sent directly 
to the same address. Applications must be received by November 1. The 
University of Richmond is a highly selective, well-endowed, private institution 
on a suburban campus, located in Virginia’s state capital within 
a two-hour drive of Washington, D.C. The University of Richmond values 
diversity in its faculty, staff, and student body. In keeping with this 
commitment, our academic community s trongly encourages applications 
from diverse candidates and candidates who support diversity. [R] 

U of Richmond 

English, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173 

Assistant Professor of English in 20th-­century British literature 413 

http://english.
richmond.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in British modernism at the assistant-professor level, to begin in the fall 
of 2008. Candidates should have strong research and teaching interests 
in 20th-century 
British literature more generally, with teaching capacity 
in more than one genre. Candidates who treat British modernism in a 
transnational context are particularly encouraged to apply. The appointee 
will be expected to maintain a commitment to excellence both in teaching 
and in research. Teaching will involve general-education courses as 
well as advanced courses for majors; five courses per year. The successful 
candidate will have proven teaching ability and will show promise of significant 
scholarly accomplishment. PhD in hand by August 1, 2008, required. 
To be considered for MLA interviews, applicants should submit a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sample, and separate statements 
of (1) teaching philosophy and experience and (2) research interests 
and plans to Louis Schwartz, Chair, Search Committee, Dept. of English, 
University of Richmond, VA 23173. Applicants should also arrange 
for a current transcript and three letters of recommendation, including at 
least one that addresses teaching potential, to be sent directly to the same 
address. Applications must be received by November 1. The University 
of Richmond is a highly selective, well-endowed, private institution on 
a suburban campus, located in Virginia’s state capital within a two-hour 
drive of Washington, D.C. The University of Richmond values diversity 
in its faculty, staff, and student body. In keepi ng with this commitment, 
our academic community strongly encourages applications from diverse 
candidates and candidates who support diversity. [R] 

U of Virginia 

English, PO Box 400121, 219 Bryan Hall Charlottesville VA 22904 

Assistant Professor of English 642 

The English Department of the University of Virginia invites applications 
for two tenure-track assistant professorships in any area of British, American, 
or transnational literature before 1800, including Medieval, Renaissance, 
Eighteenth Century, and Early American. The appointments will 
begin on August 25, 2008. PhD required, as well as promise of strong 
teaching and publication in the field. Send letter, vita, dossier with at least 
three letters of reference, dissertation abstract, teaching statement, and 
article-length writing sample (20–30 pages) to Jahan Ramazani, Chair, 
Department of English, 219 Bryan Hall, University of Virginia, PO Box 
400121, Charlottesville, VA 22904-4121. Applications must be postmarked 
by 17 October 2007. 

The University of Virginia is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
Employer 
strongly committed to achieving excellence through cultural 
diversity. We greatly encourage applications from minority and female 
scholars. 

Virginia Military Inst 

English & Fine Arts, Lexington VA 24450 

Assistant Professor of English 547 

http://www.
vmi.edu 

Tenure-track assistant professor to teach British Romantic literature, 
world literature, and f irst-year composition, beginning August 2008. 
Ph.D required. Virginia Military Institute is a state-supported undergraduate 
military college of liberal arts, engineering, and the sciences with 
small class sizes and a strong emphasis on teaching excellence. Competitive 
salary and full benefits. Letter of application and dossier including 
transcripts and three letters of recommendation to Emily P. Miller, Head, 
Department of English and Fine Arts, Virginia Military Institute, Lexington, 
VA 24450. Review of applications will begin November 5 and 



continue until the position has been filled. Interviews at MLA. VMI is an 
EOE. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU 

English, 323 Shanks Hall Blacksburg VA 24061 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature 920 

http://www.
english.vt.edu 

The English Department at Virginia Tech seeks applicants for a tenure 
track Assistant Professorship in Renaissance Literature. This position depends 
on final budget approval. 

Required: Specialization in Renaissance Literature, evidence of successful 
teaching, and the promise of significant scholarly research. PhD in English 
by August 2008. Preferred: ability to teach Shakespeare, Milton, and 
other literature of the period. Responsibilities include teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses, establishing a solid research program, and 
serving on departmental, college, and university committees. Successful 
applicants will also show a commitment to advising and mentoring students 
and to diversity. Teaching load 2/2. 


Application Procedure: Candidates must apply online at www.jobs.vt.edu. 
Attach to the application a letter of interest that addresses the responsibilities 
and qualifications stated above, a current CV, and a writing sample. In 
addition, candidates should hav e letters of recommendation mailed to Dr. 
Virginia Fowler, Search Committee Chair, Department of English (0112), 
Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA 24061. Review of applications will begin 
October 22 and continue until the position is filled. 

The Department of English offers a BA and MA in English, an MFA in 
Creative Writing, and a PhD in Rhetoric and Writing. 

Virginia Tech has a strong commitment to diversity and seeks a broad 
spectrum of candidates including women, minorities, and people with 
disabilities. Individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation in the 
application process should contact Tammy Shepherd, (540) 231-8466 or 
tammys@vt.edu. [R] 

Washington & Lee U 

English, 204 W Washington St Lexington VA 24450 

Assistant Professor of English 79 

http://english.
wlu.edu/ 

Tenure-track position beginning fall 2008. Assistant Professor with expertise 
in Middle English literature, responsible for upper-level courses in 
medieval studies (including Chaucer), lower-level literature courses, and 
an annual section of first-year composition. Opportunities in interdisciplinary 
programs, including Medieval and Renaissance Studies. 

Washington and Lee University, a highly selective national liberal arts 
college, is located in the Shenandoah Valley. Send letter of application and 
vita by 31 October to Professor Suzanne Keen, Department of English, 
Payne Hall, Washington and Lee University, Lexington VA 24450. Finalists 
will be interviewed at MLA in Chicago. Washington and Lee, an 
EEO Employer, 
encourages women and minorities to apply. [R] 

Washington 

Gonzaga U 

English, 502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258 

Assistant Professor of English 414 

http://www.
gonzaga.edu 

Assistant Professor of English/Director 
of Composition 

Tenure-track position to begin Fall 2008. Qualifications: PhD in Composition 
and Rhetoric or Literature. Composition is a foundational component 
of Gonzaga’s core curriculum and a crucial part of the University’s 
mission. The Director of Composition will have the opportunity to shape 
a composition program of 7–12 faculty; to teach advanced composition, 
composition theory, and pedagogy; and to respond creatively to changes 
in the f ield. Duties also include supervising a student-staffed writing 
center and teaching lower division composition and possibly literature. 
Evidence of course work and experience in the f ield of Composition/ 
Rhetoric 
is required. Evidence of superior teaching is essential. 2/2 
teaching 
load with administrative duties. Letter of application must include a 
description of teaching and administrative leadership philosophies, experience, 
professional values, and how the candidate is specificall y suited for 
Gonzaga University. Gonzaga University is a Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic 
institution interested in candidates who will contribute to our distinctive 
mission. Please send letter of application and CV to: Dr. D. S. Butterworth, 
Chair, Department of English, Gonzaga University, E. 502 Boone 
Ave., Spokane, WA 99258. Interviews will be held at the December MLA 
Conference. GU is an AA/EEO employer 
committed to diversity. Deadline: 
postmarked November 1, 2007. [R] 

U of Washington 

English, PO Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195 

Restoration and 18th Century Literature and Culture 455 

http://depts.
washington.edu/engl/ 


Restoration and 18th Century Literature and Culture. The University of 
Washington English Department seeks an entry-level Assistant Professor 
working primarily in Restoration and 18th Century literature and culture. 
We understand this position as part of a larger departmental hiring 
initiative on the topic of genealogies of modernity, with special attention 
to the limits of that concept, its internal dependence upon its outsides and 
its others. We are especially interested in candidates working in areas that 
would contribute to our discussions on this topic, including the roles of 
print culture, literacy, and the history of the book in the development 
of practices of public discourse and concepts of citizenship; early womens 
movements; the history of sexuality; the politics of authorship; travel 
narrative; colonialism; the slave trade. University of Washington faculty 
engage in teaching, research and service. Applicants should have a Ph.D. 
degree by the start of appoint 

ment. Candidates in the final stages of their Ph.D. program may be appointed 
on an acting basis. The University of Washington is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer. 
The English Department is dedicated 
to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff 
committed to teaching and working in a multicultural environment and 
strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals 
with disabilities and other eligible veterans. 

Send letter of application and cv to: Gary Handwerk, Chair, University 
of Washington, English Department, Box 354330, A101 Padelford Hall, 
Seattle, WA 98195 [R] 

U of Washington 

English, PO Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195 

Lecturer-Interdisciplinary Writing Program 450 

http://depts.
washington.edu/engl/ 


Lectureship in the University of Washington Interdisciplinary Writing 
Program. One full-time lecturer position beginning September 2008. 
Ph.D. desirable. Full-time teaching assignment is f ive undergraduate 
courses per academic year. These are writing courses linked with lecture 
courses in various disciplines such as Art, Psychology, Philosophy, Geography, 
Political Science, Astronomy. Job responsibilities include curriculum 
development, collaboration with discipline faculty, and mentoring 
teaching assistants in the IWP. Applicants must have a record of success 
either teaching writing at the college level or using writing as a way of 
teaching in a discipline. Background in rhetoric and composition desirable. 
Lectureship is a renewable three-year appointment. Send letter and 
vita to: 

Gary Handwerk, Chair University of Washington, Department of English, 
Box 354330, Padelford Hall A101, Seattle, Washington 98195-4330 



Preference given to applications postmarked before November 9. The 
University of Washington is building a culturally diverse faculty and 
strongly encourages applications from female and minority candidates. 
AA.EOE. [R] 

Western Washington U 

English, 516 High St MS 9055 Bellingham WA 98225 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 63 

http://www.
wwu.edu/depts/
english/index.
shtml 

Tenure-track assistant professor of Creative Writing beginning September 
2008; M.F.A., Ph.D., or equivalent degree required by August 2008. 
Expertise in fiction writing required; demonstrated experience in a secondary 
area and/or 
a second genre in creative writing preferred. Also 
required of applicants are a demonstrated commitment to excellence in 
undergraduate teaching and a potential for strong creative activity. The 
successful candidate will have a 2–2-2 quarter teaching assignment, including 
specialty courses at the undergraduate and MA levels, general 
education courses, and other courses depending on the candidates interests 
and departmental needs. Familiarity with and sensitivity to cultural 
diversity issues is desired. Send letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to Creative Writing Search 
Committee, Department of English, Western Washington University, 
516 High Street, Bellingham, WA 98225-9055. Interviews at MLA. Will 
accept applications until position is f illed, but for consideration for an 
interview at MLA, applications must be received by 11/6/
07. View full 
position announcement at www.acadweb.wwu.edu/hr/
Jobs/faculty.
asp. 
AA/EOE. 
[R] 

West Virginia 

Concord U 

Langs & Lit, PO Box 1000 Athens WV 24712 

Assistant Professor of English 655 

Concord University, a four-year, liberal arts institution, with a graduate 
program in Education, has a full-time, tenure-track position beginning 
August, 2008, in the Division of Languages and Literature. The posiiton 
requires an earned Doctorate; and course work, thesis or other scholarship, 
and teaching experience in the f ield of Childrens Literature and 
Young Adult Literature. Experience/expertise 
in assessment highly desirable. 
The position requires a twelve-hour teaching load which includes 
freshman composition, intermediate literature, and upper-level courses. 
Send curriculum vitae and three letters of recommendation to: Human 
Resources Off ice; Concord University; PO Box 1000; Athens, WV 
24712. Review of applications will begin Nov. 1 and continue until the 
positions are filled. Interviews at MLA are a possibility. 

Rank and salary for the position is determined by qualifications. Concord 
is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 


brichfordc@
concord.edu [R] 

Concord U 

Langs & Lit, PO Box 1000 Athens WV 24712 

Assistant Professor of English 691 

Concord University, a four-year, liberal arts institution, with a graduate 
program in Education, has a full-time, tenure-track position beginning 
August, 2008, in the Division of Languages and Literature. The position 
requires an earned Doctorate; and course work, thesis or other scholarship, 
and teaching experience in the field of Medieval and Early Modern 
Literature, including Shakespeare. The posiiton requires a twelve-hour 
teaching load which includes freshman composition, intermediate literature, 
and upper-level courses. Send curriculum vitae and three letters 
of recommendation to: Human Resources Office; Concord University; 
PO Box 1000; Athens, WV 24712. Review of applications will begin 
Nov. 1 and continue until the positions are filled. Interviews at MLA are 
a possibility. 


Rank and salary for both positions determined by qualifications. Concord 
is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. 


brichford@concord.edu 

West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing—Fiction 186 

The Department of English at West Virginia University invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor of Creative Writing with a specialization 
in Fiction Writing. Applicants must have a MFA, PhD, or other terminal 
degree in an appropriate field (Creative Writing or English preferred), 
clear evidence of success in publication, and demonstrated teaching excellence. 
We seek candidates who will add to the diversity of approaches and 
perspectives in a thriving undergraduate and MFA program in Creative 
Writing. Anticipated areas of teaching include undergraduate and graduate 
courses in fiction writing, the capstone course for the undergraduate 
creative writing concentration, and genre courses in literature (novel and 
short story). 

West Virginia University is a Research-High Activity University, located 
in Morgantown, WV (approximately 70 miles south of Pittsburgh, PA). 
WVU is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer. 
The Department 
of English is committed to in ternationalizing its curriculum 
and the perspectives of its students. 

The position begins August 16, 2008. Screening will begin November 1, 
continuing until the position is filled. Initial interviews will be conducted 
at the MLA convention in Chicago. 

Submit letter of application and CV, approximately 20 page sample of 
published writing, and at least three letters of recommendation to: 

Search Committee/Creative 
Writing, Department of English, Box 6296, 
Morgantown, WV 26506-6296 

Direct further inquiries to Donald Hall: Donald.Hall@mail.wvu.edu 
(304) 293-3107. [R] 

West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant Professor—World Literatures in English 188 

The Department of English at West Virginia University invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor with a specialization in World Literatures 
in English. Applicants must have a PhD or other terminal degree in an 
appropriate field (English or Comparative Literature preferred), clear evidence 
of success in research, and demonstrated teaching excellence. We 
seek candidates committed to developing curriculum and study abroad 
opportunities in areas such as Anglophone African Literature, Anglophone 
Caribbean Literature, and/or 
Anglophone South Asian Literature. 
Anticipated areas of teaching include undergraduate and graduate courses 
in area of specialization, Contemporary African Literature, Postcolonial 
Literature, and genre courses (novel, short story, poetry, and/or 
drama). 

West Virginia University is a Research-High Activity University, located 
in Morgantown, WV (approximately 70 miles south of Pittsburgh, PA). 
WVU is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer. 
The Department 
of English is committed to internationalizing its curriculum and 
the perspectives of its students. 

The position begins August 16, 2008. Screening will begin November 1, 
continuing until the position is filled. Initial interviews will be conducted 
by telephone and at the MLA convention in Chicago. 

Submit letter of application and CV, an approximately 20-page sample of 
research, and at least three letters of recommendation to: Search Committee/
World 
Literatures in English, Department of English, Box 6296, 
Morgantown, WV 26506-6296 

Direct further inquiries to Donald Hall: Donald.Hall@mail.wvu.edu 
(304) 293-3107. [R] 



Wisconsin 

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire 

English, PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant Professor in Scientific and Technical Writing 400 

http://www.
uwec.edu 

Tenure-track position teaching courses in scientific and technical writing 
within the context of a liberal arts and sciences curriculum; appointment 
begins 18 August 2008. Required qualifications: Doctorate in rhetoric, 
English, or related field (including a scientific field), with dissertation or 
publication in a science and/or 
rhetoric area; evidence of successful teaching 
in scientific and technical writing or other courses at the college level. 
ABD candidates must complete all requirements for doctoral degree by 
December 1, 2008. Strong assets: evidence of strong scholarship or scholarly 
potential; professional commitment to interdisciplinary teaching and 
research (particularly between the humanities and the sciences). UW-Eau 
Claire is a regional comprehensive university with an established reputation 
for academic excellence. Members of the English Department teach 
composition every semester in addition to general and specialized courses 
at the undergraduate or graduate level; typical semester load is 3 courses 
(equivalent to 12 credits). To ensure consideration, submit application letter, 
curriculum vita, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
postmarked by 22 October 2007 to Dr. Jack Bushnell, Chair, English 
Department, ATTN: Scientific and Technical Writing Search. Screening 
may continue beyond that date as necessary until position is filled. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. Preliminary interviews for this 
position will be held by telephone in mid-November. We reserve the right 
to request and check references at our discretion at the appropriate time in 
the process. According to sta te law, names of finalists will be released 
upon request. Additional information is available at http://www.
uwec 
.edu/English. 
UWEau Claire is an AA/EO 
employer, 
and encourages applications 
from women, minorities, and persons with disabilities. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire 

English, PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant Professor of American Literature Pre-1800 405 

http://www.
uwec.edu 

Tenure-track position teaching courses in American Literature with a pre- 
1800 emphasis; appointment begins August 18, 2008. Required qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English or related field with specialization in American 
letters prior to 1800; ABD candidates must complete all requirements for 
doctoral degree by December 1, 2008. Strong assets include any of the 
following: evidence of teaching experience and research in women writers, 
Native American studies, or colonial literatures of the Americas; evidence 
of excellent teaching in composition at the college level; evidence 
of excellent scholarly potential. To ensure consideration, application letter, 
vita, writing sample, brief statement of teaching philosophy, and three 
letters of recommendation must be postmarked by 2 November 2007 to 
Professor Jack Bushnell, Chair, Department of English, ATTN: American 
Literature Search. Screening will continue beyond that date as necessary 
until position is filled. Applications will be acknowledged by letter. 
Preliminary interviews for this position will be held at the MLA convention 
in Chicago; invitees who cannot attend will be offered telephone 
interviews. We reserve the right to contact appropriate references of our 
choosing at the appropriate time in the process. According to state law, 
names of finalists will be released upon request. UW-Eau Claire is a regional 
comprehensive university with an established reputation for academic 
excellence. Members of the English Department teach composition 
every semester in addition to general and specialized courses at the undergraduate 
or graduate level; typical semester load is 3 cours es (equivalent 
to 12 credits). Additional information is available at http://www.
uwec 
.edu/English. 
UW-Eau Claire is an AA/EO 
employer; 
applications from 
women, minorities, and persons with disabilities are encouraged. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Early Modern British 532 

http://www.
uwlax.edu/vacancies 


The English Department at the University of Wisconsin La Crosse invites 
applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Early Modern 
British Literature, 1500–1750, beginning Fall 2008. We seek a new colleague 
who is an engaging teacher and scholar with a strong commitment 
to undergraduate education. Primary upper level teaching responsibilities 
are in the Renaissance and related British literature, including a Shakespeare 
course for majors, as well as regular assignments in General Education 
courses and Freshman writing. Innovative teaching and scholarship 
emphases are desirable, including transatlantic, transnational, gender and/ 
or 
race studies in the early modern area. Experience teaching an introduction-
to-the-major course is also desirable. The UW-L English Department 
has a strong commitment to multicultural and international 
education and opportunities exist for curriculum development and reform 
in these and other areas. 

A PhD in English with a strong conce ntration in Early Modern, Renaissance, 
or a closely related field, in hand by August 25, 2008, is required, 
as well as a strong record of undergraduate teaching, including Freshman 
writing. Teaching load is 4/4. 
We offer a very competitive salary and excellent 
benefits. 

The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is one of 13 four-year campuses 
in the University of Wisconsin System, with around 9,000 students enrolled 
in a variety of liberal arts and professional programs. 

La Crosse (pop. 51,000) is regularly ranked as one of the best small metropolitan 
communities in the U.S. The city is set among scenic bluffs along 
the Mississippi River at the Minnesota/Wiscon 
sin border, within easy 
driving distance to Minneapolis, Chicago, Milwaukee, and Madison. 

As an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
The University of 
Wisconsin La Crosse is engaged in an effort to be a leader in Wisconsins 
movement toward increased diversity and inclusiveness. Women, persons 
of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to apply. If you 
have a special need or accommodation to assist in your participation in 
the hiring process please contact Dr. Richard Sullivan at (608) 785-8295 
to make appropriate arrangements. To learn more about the English Department 
visit http://www.
uwlax.edu/english. 
To learn more about the p 
osition and the university, visit http://www.
uwlax.edu/vacancies 
. 

To apply, send a letter of application, a current vita, official transcripts, 
and three current letters of recommendation to Dr. Richard Sullivan, 
Chair, English Department, University of Wisconsin La Crosse, 1725 
State Street, La Crosse, Wisconsin, 54601. All application materials must 
be received no later than November 16, 2007. Initial interviews at the 
Chicago MLA. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, UW-La Crosse 
does not discrim inate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Rhetoric and Writng-Coordinator of Writing Programs 529 

http://www.
uwlax.edu/vacancies 


The English Department at the University of Wisconsin La Crosse invites 
applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor, to teach writing 
or other English courses and to coordinate our Freshman and University 
Core Curriculum writing programs, beginning Fall 2008. We seek 
a new colleague who is an engaging teacher and scholar with a strong 
commitment to undergraduate education and experience or strong potential 
in writing program administration. Teaching load is 2 courses per 
semester. Salary commensurate with experience; we offer excellent benefits. 
Primary teaching responsibilities are in writing courses with potential 
to teach in secondary area(s) of expertise. Secondary teaching areas 



are open to literature as well as writing curriculum. The administrative 
responsibilities include oversight of developmental and Freshman writing 
courses and junior-level General Education writing courses, and include 
assessment, placement, leadership in programmatic and curricula r development, 
assisting with hiring, training, and professional development of a 
small number of adjunct composition faculty, and coordination with the 
English Department’s Writing Center director in the management and 
development of Writing Center services. Experience with electronic and 
web-based curricular resources is desirable. 

The UW-L English Department has a strong commitment to multicultural 
and international education and is currently developing a degree 
partnership with a Chinese university. Opportunities exist for curriculum 
development and reform in these and other areas related to individual 
expertise. 


A PhD in Rhetoric and Writing, or in English with a strong concentration 
in Rhetoric and Writing or Composition Studies, in hand by August 
25, 2008, is required, as well as a strong record of undergraduate 
teaching, including Freshman writing. 

The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is one of 13 four-year campuses 
in the University of Wisconsin System, with around 9,000 students enrolled 
in a variety of liberal arts and professional programs. 

La Crosse (pop. 51,000) is regularly ranked as one of the best small metropolitan 
communities in the U.S. The city is set among scenic bluffs along 
the Mississippi River at the Minnesota/Wisconsin 
border, within easy 
driving distance to Minneapolis, Chicago, Milwaukee, and Madison. 

As an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
The University of 
Wisconsin La Crosse is engaged in an effort to be a leader in Wisconsins 
movement toward increased diversity and inclusiveness. Women, persons 
of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to apply. If you 
have a special need or accommodation to assist in your participation in the 
hiring process please contact Dr. Richard Sullivan at (608) 785-8295 to 
make appropriate arrangements. To learn more about the English Department 
visit http://www.
uwlax.edu/english. 
To learn more about the position 
and the university, visit http://www.
uwlax.edu/vacancies 
. 

To apply, send a letter of application, a current vita, official transcripts, 
and three current letters of recommendation to Dr. Richard Sullivan, 
Chair, English Department, University of Wisconsin La Crosse, 1725 
State Street, La Crosse, Wisconsin, 54601. All application materials must 
be received no later than November 16, 2007. Initial interviews at the 
Chicago MLA. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, UW-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Madison 

English Department, 600 N. Park St. 7187 Helen C White Hall 
Madison WI 53706 

Professor of Early Modern Literature and Culture (Open Rank) 121 

http://www.
wisc.edu/english/
index.html 

The English Department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison is 
searching for a distinguished scholar in early modern literature and culture, 
rank open. We seek applications from individuals with established 
records of publication and teaching, with some preference for those applying 
at the rank of associate or full professor. Please send letter of application, 
cv, and a list of references by 1 November 2007, to Professor 
Michael Bernard-Donals, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Wisconsin-Madison, Helen C. White Hall, 600 North Park Street, Madison, 
WI 53706. UW-Madison is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
We promote excellence through diversity and encourage all 
qualified individuals to apply. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Oshkosh 

English, 800 Algoma Blvd Oshkosh WI 54901 

Assistant Professor of English 443 

http://www.
english.uwosh.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. Tenure-
track position requires Ph.D. with specialization in Shakespeare. 
Expectations include college teaching experience; an active research and 
publication agenda; and the ability to teach upper-level and graduate 
courses in Shakespeare as well as general education courses in literature 
and composition. Opportunity to direct M.A. theses. Service on committees 
and advising of English majors also expected. Twenty-four credit 
teaching load with six credits reassigned to research for active scholar/ 
writers. 
Competitive salary, strong research support, excellent benefits. 
Starting date: September 1, 2008. Send letter of application, CV, statement 
of teaching philosophy, three current letters of recommendation, 
and official graduate transcripts to Dr. Ron Rindo, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, Oshkosh, WI 54901-8692. 
Application deadline: November 12, 2007. Employment will requir e a 
criminal background check. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

U of Wisconsin, Oshkosh 

English, 800 Algoma Blvd Oshkosh WI 54901 

Assistant Professor of English 451 

http://www.
english.uwosh.edu 

Assistant Professor of English, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. Tenure-
track position requires Ph.D. or MFA with specialization in Creative 
Writing: Non-Fiction. Expectations include college teaching experience; 
an active publication agenda; and the ability to teach upper-level 
and graduate courses in creative writing, non-fiction, as well as general 
education courses in literature and composition. Opportunity to direct 
M.A. theses. Service on committees and advising of English majors also 
expected. Twenty-four credit teaching load with six credits reassigned to 
research/writing 
for active writers. Competitive salary, strong research 
support, excellent benefits. Starting date: September 1, 2008. Send letter 
of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, three current letters 
of recommendation, and official graduate transcripts to Dr. Ron Rindo, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, Oshkosh, 
WI 54901-8692. Application deadline November 12, 2007. Employment 
will require a criminal background check. AA/EOE. 
[R] 

U of Wisconsin, Parkside 

English, PO Box 2000, 900 Wood Rd Kenosha WI 53141 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 988 

http://www.
uwp.edu 

Ph. D. in English. ABD will be considered for a one-year terminal appointment 
as a Lecturer with conversion to tenure track Asst. Professor if 
all requirements for the Ph. D. are completed by June, 09. Primary interest 
in American Literature (preferably in Colonial to 1920), with secondary 
background in American minority literatures. Strong teaching record 
or potential needed for either position. Strong scholarly record or potential 
needed for Asstistant position; proven publication and scholarly record 
needed for Associate. Rand dependent on strength of total academic 
record. Salary competitive and commensurate with qualifications. Send 
appliation letter, vitae, and three recommendation letters to Dr. Walter 
Graffin, Chair, English Department, University of Wisconsin-Parkside, 
900 Wood Road, Kenosha, Wi 53141. Applications received by November 
1, 2007 ensure consideration. Position open until filled. U.W.-Parkside 
is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
D/M/
V/W. 
See the Univer sity’s web site 
for more information: www.uwp.edu. Key word “jobs” and click on “unclassified 
position.” [R] 



Wyoming 

U of Wyoming 

English, PO Box 3353 1000 E University Av Laramie WY 82071 

Assistant Professor of English 570 

http://www.
uwyo.edu 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in Nonfiction. Terminal 
degree (MFA or Ph.D.) or equivalent experience required, in 
creative writing or in a relevant field. Primary responsibilities include 
teaching courses in nonfiction literature at the undergraduate and graduate 
level, teaching workshops in nonfiction writing at the undergraduate 
and graduate level, and MFA thesis advising. Teaching experience 
and significant publication (at least one book from a reputable publisher 
or equivalent record of prominent national publication) required. Please 
send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, 3 letters of reference, and 
evidence of successful teaching to H. L. Hix, Director, Creative Writing 
MFA, University of Wyoming, English Dept. 3353, Laramie, WY 82071. 
Application will acknowledged by e-mail. Review of applications will 
begin November 1st, 2007. The University of Wyoming is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Wyoming 

English, PO Box 3353 1000 E University Av Laramie WY 82071 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition, open specialization. 594 

This new hire will develop courses for our M.A. track in Rhetoric and 
Composition, teach a range of undergraduate courses including the core 
courses for our professional writing minor, and work with TAs and Full 
Time Lecturers. We are looking for the best candidate, but priority will 
be given to those with a PhD specializing in: digital rhetorics; new media; 
community literacy; professional writing; assessment. 

To apply, please send a letter of application, your vitae, a writing sample, 
evidence of successful teaching, and three letters of recommendation to 
Mary P. Sheridan-Rabideau, Search Chair, Dept. of English/Dept 
3353, 
University of Wyoming, 1000 E. University Ave, Laramie, WY 82071. 
Interested individuals are also invited to contact Mary P. Sheridan-Rabideau 
(msherid1@uwyo.edu) should they have any questions. Applications 
will be acknowledged by letter. Review of applications will begin 
on Nov. 1 and we will interview candidates at MLA. The University of 
Wyomin g is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 


Canadian Institutions 

Queen’s U 

English, 99 University Av Kingston ON K7L 3N6 Canada 

Contemporary Canadian Literature 353 

http://www.
queensu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Queen’s University invites applications for 
a renewable (tenure-track) appointment at the Assistant Professor level 
from July 1, 2008, in any area of contemporary Canadian literature. We 
are particularly interested in applicants with expertise in Aboriginal studies, 
gender and sexuality studies, or cultural studies. The Department of 
English has a distinguished undergraduate program, a faculty with dynamic, 
internationally-oriented research interests, and one of the foremost 
graduate programs in Canada. Kingston is an historic city of 125,000 
with a distinctive blend of educational and public institutions, industry 
and recreational opportunities. It is within a two-and-a-half hour drive of 
Toronto, Montreal, and Ottawa. The academic staff at Queen’s University 
are governed by a Collective Agreement between the Queen’s University 
Faculty Association (QUFA) and the University, the text of which is 
posted at www.qufa.ca. 

Qualifications for this position include completed Ph.D. and evidence 
of excellence in research and teaching. Responsibilities include both 
undergraduate 
and graduate teaching and supervision. Salary will be 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. The University invites 
applications from all qualified individuals. Queen’s is committed to 
employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications 
from women, visible minorities, aboriginal people, persons with 
disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity. All 
qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. Applicants should send 
a curriculum vitae and a 5000 word writing sample and should arrange 
for three letters of reference (or a dossier from a university placement officer) 
to be sent to Dr. Marta Straznicky, Head, Department of English, 
Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, K7L 3N6. Applications must be 
received by November 1, 2007. [R] 

Queen’s U 

English, 99 University Av Kingston ON K7L 3N6 Canada 

Queen’s National Scholar-Rank Open 351 

http://www.
queensu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Queen’s University invites applications 
from outstanding scholars, with strong publishing records who wish to be 
nominated for a faculty appointment under the Queen’s National Scholar 
program. Appointments under this program are intended to enrich research 
and teaching in both new and established fields of knowledge and 
will be determined through a university-wide competition. The Department 
is particularly interested in applicants with an interdisciplinary 
research profile in any area, or expertise in one of the following areas: 
Aboriginal, Contemporary British and Irish, late 19th-century 
American, 
or Victorian literary and cultural studies. Appointments under this program 
will be either tenured or tenure-track, though under certain circumstances 
special shorter-term appointments may be made. For further 
information potential applicants may refer to the website: http://www 
.queensu.ca/principal/
specialp.html. 

Queen’s University is one of Canada’s 10 research-intensive universities 
and has among the highest undergraduate admissions standards in the 
country. Kingston is an historic city of 125,000 with a distinctive blend 
of educational and public institutions, industry, and recreational opportunities. 
It is within a two-and-a-half hour drive of Toronto, Montreal, 
and the nation’s capital, Ottawa. The Department of English at Queen’s 
has a distinguished undergraduate program, a faculty with dynamic, internationally-
oriented research interests, and one of the foremost graduate 
programs in Canada. The academic staff at Queen’s are governed 
by a Collective Agreement between the Queen’s Uni versity Faculty 
Association 
(QUFA) and the University, the text of which is posted at 
www.qufa.ca. 

The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Queen’s 
is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and 
welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender 
identity. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian 
citizens and Permanent Residents will be given priority. A full 
application for this appointment at Queen’s should include a curriculum 
vitae, three letters of reference (or a dossier from a university placement 
officer), a 5000 word writing sample, a brief statement of current and prospective 
research interests, and a statement regarding teaching experience. 
Application materials and letters of reference should be sent to Dr. Marta 
Straznicky, Head, Department of English, Queen’s University, Kingston, 
Ontario, K7L 3N6. 

Applications must be received by October 12, 2007. [R] 



Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada 

Associate Professor (junior) in 20th-c. American literature 88 

http://www.
sfu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Simon Fraser University offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department 
has 33 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 
graduate students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research 
record and a high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have a 
2/2 
teaching load. We invite applications for a tenure-track appointment, 
at the rank of Associate Professor ( junior), effective September 1, 2008, in 
Twentieth Century American literature, with a focus on fiction preferred. 
Preference will be given to candidates with demonstrated strengths in 
teaching and research. Applicants should submit a detailed letter of application, 
a curriculum vitae, transcripts of academic record, and a sample of 
their scholarly writing, and ask three referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom 
Grieve, Chair, Department of English, Simon Fraser University, 8888 
University Drive, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6. Applications must be received 
by October 31, 2007. (International applicants should ensure early posting 
of their application materials.) All qualified candidates are encouraged to 
apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given 
priority. Simon Fraser University is committed to employment equity 
and encourages applications from all qualified women and men, including 
visible minorities, aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. These 
positions are subject to budgetary approval. Under the authority of the 
University Act, personal information that is required by the University 
for academic appointment competitions will be collected. For further details 
see: http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/Collection_ 
Notice.
html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby BC V5A 1S6 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Middle English literature 85 

http://www.
sfu.ca/english 


The Department of English at Simon Fraser University offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department 
has 33 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 
graduate students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research 
record and a high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have 
a 2/2 
teaching load. We invite applications for a tenure-track appointment, 
at the rank of Assistant Professor, effective September 1, 2008, in 
Middle English literature. Candidates for this position must hold a PhD 
or be near completion. Preference will be given to candidates with demonstrated 
strengths in teaching and research. Applicants should submit a 
detailed letter of application, a curriculum vitae, transcripts of academic 
record, and a sample of their scholarly writing, and ask three referees to 
send letters to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department of English, Simon 
Fraser University, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6. Applications 
must be received by October 31, 2007. (International applicants 
should ensure early posting of their application materials.) All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to employment equity and encourages applications from all 
qualified women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people, 
and persons with disabilities. These positions are subject to budgetary 
approval. Under the authority of the University Act, personal information 
that is required by the University for academic appointment competitions 
will be collected. For further details see: http://www.
sfu.ca/vpacademic/ 
FacultyOpenings/
Collection_
Notice.html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences, 250-13450 102nd Ave Surrey BC V3T 
Canada 

Tenure Track Position in World Literature 49 

http://students.
surrey.sfu.ca/worldliterature 


The Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences at Simon Fraser University invites 
applications for a tenure-track position in World Literature beginning 
July 1, 2008. The appointment is for new undergraduate programs 
in World Literature; the major, minor, and honors programs are comparativist 
with a focus on intercultural exchange. MA and PhD programs in 
World Literature may be considered for development at SFU Surrey in 
the future. 

Simon Fraser University has three closely connected campuses in the metropolitan 
region of Vancouver. The campuses in Burnaby, Vancouver, and 
Surrey have a diverse, multicultural student body. The World Literature 
programs, faculty, and students will be located at the SFU Surrey campus. 
In addition to the full program at SFU Surrey, faculty members teach introductory 
World Literature courses at SFU Burnaby and SFU Vancouver. 

The appointment will be at the rank of Assistant Professor. Tenure-track 
faculty at SFU have a 2/2 
teaching load and teach in two of the Universitys 
three trimesters. 

Applicants for this position must hold, by the time of appointment, a doctoral 
degree with a comparative focus. They must possess expertise in 
two linguistic, literary and cultural traditions, and be proficient in two 
languages other than English. Applications are encouraged from scholars 
with a comparative focus, and with cross-cultural research and/or 
teaching 
interests, such as east/west 
or north/south 
exchange. Applicants whose 
expertise is limited to English-language literatures or Latin-American literatures, 
or any combination of these literatures, cannot be considered for 
appointment. 

To apply, visit http://www.
sfu.ca/~leonardt/WorldLiterature/
WLForm 
.htm and fill in the electronic application form. Applicants should also 
send a detailed letter of application that addresses current and future research 
interests as well as teaching philosophy and experience. The letter 
must be accompanied by a curriculum vitae, a sample of scholarly writing, 
a statement of teaching philosophy, and documentation of teaching for 
two courses, if applicable. Applicants must also arrange for three letters of 
reference to be sent directly to Dr. Heather Dawkins at the address below. 

The deadline for applications is October 10, 2007 or until the position is 
filled. 

All materials should be sent to: Dr. Heather Dawkins, Associate Dean, 
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, Simon Fraser University Surrey, Central 
City, 250-13450 102nd Avenue, Surrey, BC, Canada, V3T 0A3. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to the principle of equity in employment and offers equal employment 
opportunities to qualified applicants. The position is subject to 
final budgetary approval. 

Under the authority of the University Act personal information that is required 
by the University for academic appointment competitions will be 
collected. For further details see the Collection Notice. http://www.
sfu. 
ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/Collection_
Notice.html [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences, 250-13450 102nd Ave Surrey BC V3T 
Canada 

Associate Professor Position Director, World Literature 50 

http://students.
surrey.sfu.ca/worldliterature 


Simon Fraser University seeks a Director for its new programs in World 
Literature, beginning July 1, 2008. The major, minor, and honours programs 
in World Literature are comparative with a focus on intercultural 
exchange. MA and PhD programs in World Literature may be considered 
for development at SFU Surrey in the future. 



Excellence in research and teaching and extraordinary diversity distinguish 
Simon Fraser University as a Canadian and global university. The 
diversity of the student body at the Universitys three closely connected 
urban campusesat Surrey, Burnaby and Vancouverreflects the multiculturalism 
of Vancouvers metropolitan region. 

The appointment will be at the rank of Associate Professor. While tenure-
track faculty at SFU have a 2/2 
teaching load and teach in two of the 
Universitys three trimesters, program directors are offloaded one course 
in each teaching semester for administrative responsibilities. 

Applicants for this position must hold a doctoral degree with a comparative 
focus, have expertise in two linguistic, literary and cultural traditions, 
be proficient in two languages other than English, and possess tenure at 
their current institution. Applications are encouraged from scholars with 
cross cultural research and/or 
teaching interests, such as east/west 
or 
north/south 
exchange. Appointments will be made commensurate with 
experience in research, teaching, and administration. 

Applicants should submit a detailed letter of application that addresses 
current and future interests in research and teaching as well as administrative 
philosophy and experience. The letter must be accompanied by a curriculum 
vitae and two examples of peer-reviewed publications, including 
an excerpt from a monograph. Please also include a teaching dossier with 
a short statement of teaching philosophy, three sample syllabi, and evidence 
of excellence in teaching. If applicable, include a summary of your 
experience in curricular development, in departmental or university governance, 
and in mentoring new scholars. Applicants must also arrange for 
three letters of reference to be sent directly to Dr. Heather Dawkins at the 
address below. 

The deadline for applications is October 10, 2007 or until the positions 
are filled. 

All materials should be sent to: Dr. Heather Dawkins, Associate Dean, 
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, Simon Fraser University Surrey, Central 
City, 250-13450 102nd Avenue, Surrey, BC, V3T 0A3, Canada 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and 
permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to the principle of equity in employment and offers equal employment 
opportunities to qualified applicants. The position is subject to 
final budgetary approval. 

Under the authority of the University Act personal information that is required 
by the University for academic appointment competitions will be 
collected. For further details see the Collection Notice. http://www.
sfu. 
ca/vpacademic/
Faculty_Openings/Collection_
Notice.html [R] 

U of British Columbia 

First Nations Studies Program, 1866 Main Mall Buchanan C352 
Vancouver BC V5T Canada 

Indigenous Studies/First 
Nations Studies 355 

http://fnsp.
arts.ubc.ca 

The First Nations Studies Program at the University of British Columbia 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in the First Nations Studies 
Program. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in Indigenous studies or a related 
Arts Faculty discipline at the time of appointment, and have a record of 
or clear potential for excellent research, teaching, and publication, as well 
as a documented ability to work with Aboriginal students and communities. 
Area of specialization is open, but candidates with a specialization 
in politics, gender, or media studies are particularly encouraged to apply. 
Applicants at a more advanced level may be considered pending funding. 

This position involves teaching in the core curriculum of the program, 
the opportunity to develop additional curriculum, the mentoring of Aboriginal 
students, liaison with Aboriginal communities and organizations, 
and participation in program development and other program functions. 
The First Nations Studies program offers a BA with a Major or a Minor 
in First Nations Studies and is dedicated to the development of theoretical 
investigations of Indigenous issues and strategic community-based research. 
For more information about the program and other related job 
opportunities at UBC, please see our web site at http://fnsp.
arts.ubc. 

This appointment is effective 1 July 2008 and is subject to final budgetary 
approval. Application materials should be received no later than 16 November 
2007. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
First Nations Studies is an interdisciplinary program: tenure home 
will be in the department of disciplinary specialization. UBC hires on the 
basis of merit and is committed to employment equity. We encourage all 
qualified persons, and especially Indigenous scholars, to apply; however, 
Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. 

Please apply with letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of 
reference with current contact information, one article-length writing 
sample, and teaching evaluations if available, to Linc Kesler, Director, 
UBC First Nations Studies Program, Anthropology and Sociology Building, 
Room 122, 6303 NW Marine Drive, Vancouver BC Canada V6T 
1Z1 

linc.kesler@ubc.ca 

Please contact us if you have questions. 

U of Toronto 

English, 170 St George Street Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Aboriginal Literature 781 

http://www.
utoronto.ca 

Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant Professor 
or recently promoted Associate Professor, Department of English (60%) 
and Aboriginal Studies (40%), St. George Campus, University of Toronto. 
Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise 
theses, and carry out research in the area of Aboriginal Literature. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in Aboriginal Literature, 
and interest in Canadian Aboriginal issues. Interest in community-based 
research and Aboriginal methodologies and experience in working with 
Aboriginal communities is an asset. The University of Toronto is a threecampus 
university with unitary graduate departments. Duties consist of 
research and undergraduate and graduate teaching on the St. George campus. 
Applicants must show promise of outstanding research and teaching 
potential. Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications. 

Aboriginal Studies (www.utoronto.ca/abs) 
is an interdisciplinary program 
that brings together faculty from across the University of Toronto and 
works closely with the student services unit First Nations House. Responsibilities 
involve teaching of undergraduate courses (specific assignments 
to be negotiated) and regular participation in program activities. Aboriginal 
Studies is a partner in the new Centre for Aboriginal Initiatives to be 
developed at the University of Toronto over the next few years. 

Send applications and c.v. to Prof. Brian Corman, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Toronto, Jackman Humanities Building, 170 St. 
George Street, Toronto, ON M5R 2M8. Have 3 letters of reference (or 
dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department as soon 
as possible. Include ONE writing-sample of not more than 25 pages. Appointment 
commences 1 July 2008. The deadline for applications is 5 November 
2007. (e-mail applications will not be accepted). 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. The University 
also offers opportunities to work in a range of collaborative programs, 
including Book History and Print Culture, Aboriginal, Canadian, Caribbean, 
Diaspora, Environmental, Sexual Diversity, Women and Gender 
Studies. The University of Tor onto is strongly committed to diversity 
within its community and especially welcomes applications from visible 
minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups and others who may contribute 
to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are 
encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will 
be given priority. 



U of Toronto 

English, 170 St George Street Toronto ON M5R 2M8 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Caribbean Literature 785 

http://www.
utoronto.ca/english 


Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant Professor, 
Department of English, St. George Campus, University of Toronto. 
Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise 
theses, and carry out research in the area of Caribbean Literature. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in Caribbean Literature. The 
University of Toronto is a three-campus university with unitary graduate 
departments. Duties consist of research and undergraduate and graduate 
teaching on the St. George campus. Applicants must show promise of 
outstanding research and teaching potential. Salary commensurate with 
experience and qualifications. 

Send applications and c.v. to Prof. Brian Corman, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Toronto, Jackman Humanities Building, 170 St. 
George Street, Toronto, ON M5R 2M8. Have 3 letters of reference (or 
dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department as soon 
as possible. Incl ude ONE writing-sample of not more than 25 pages. Appointment 
commences 1 July 2008. The deadline for applications is 5 November 
2007. (e-mail applications will not be accepted). 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. The University 
also offers opportunities to work in a range of collaborative programs, 
including Book History and Print Culture, Aboriginal, Canadian, Caribbean, 
Diaspora, Environmental, Sexual Diversity, Women and Gender 
Studies. The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity 
within its community and especially welcomes application s from visible 
minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups and others who may contribute 
to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are 
encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will 
be given priority. 

U of Toronto 

Innis College, 2 Sussex Avenue Toronto, ON M5S 1J5 Canada 

Assistant Professor 985 

http://www.
utoronto.ca 

Cinema Studies/French 


Application Deadline: November 1, 2007 

The University of Torontos Cinema Studies Program (at Innis College) 
and the Department of French invite applications for a tenure stream appointment 
at the rank of Assistant Professor. The Cinema Studies Program 
at Innis College and the Department of French are seeking applicants with 
an extensive knowledge of French cinema, film theory and/or 
contemporary 
cultural theory. Scholars with an expertise in other French-language 
cinemas (such as Quebec cinema, African, and/or 
Caribbean cinema) are 
also encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will teach courses in 
cinema and related media at both the undergraduate and graduate level 
in the Innis College Cinema Studies Institute, and in the Department of 
French. As well, the successful candidate will be expected to be involved 
in supervising individual students, pursuing scholarship, and participating 
in the affairs of the College and the Department. In t heir publications, 
dissertation, and course work, candidates must exhibit evidence of strong 
research in film and/or 
film and related media. A record of teaching experience 
in cinema studies is also required. Applicants must also be able to 
teach in both English and French. A Ph.D. in Film or French (film stream) 
preferred. Salary to be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
The expected start date of the position is July 1, 2008. 

Duplicate letter of application, CVs, transcripts, along with a recent publication 
(either published or submitted) should be sent to: Principal, Innis 
College, University of Toronto, 2 Sussex Ave., Toronto, Ontario M5S 
1J5. Candidates should also arrange to have three letters of reference sent 
by referees directly to the address above. The deadline for applications is 
November 1, 2007. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and permanent residents will be given priority. 

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority 
group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. More information on the University 
of Toronto, Innis College and the Department of French can be found on 
the Universitys web site: http://www.
utoronto.ca . 

U of Toronto, Scarborough 

Humanities, 1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern Literature 922 

http://link.
library.utoronto.ca/academicjobs/
display_job_det 

Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor in English Literature, Department of Humanities, University 
of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC), to begin July 1, 2008. 

Candidates must have a PhD in hand, with a specialization in Early Modern 
Literature in English. A focus on drama would be particularly welcome. 
Duties include undergraduate teaching, graduate teaching and 
supervision, and research. Applicants must demonstrate excellence in both 
research and teaching. 

Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 

The University of Toronto is a tri-campus university with a unitary graduate 
department. UTSC is a research-intensive institution with an interdisciplinary 
commitment and a multicultural student body speaking a 
wide range of languages. Additional information on the Department can 
be found at http://www.
utsc.utoronto.ca/~humdiv/index.
html. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, a current curriculum vi tae, 
a writing sample and teaching materials to Professor William R. Bowen, 
Chair, Department of Humanities. Three letters of reference should be 
sent directly to Professor Bowen. Applications and reference letters may be 
submitted electronically (preferred) to EarlyModSearch@utsc.utoronto.ca 
or mailed to Early Modern Literature in English Search, Department of 
Humanities, UTSC, 1265 Military Trail, Toronto, Ontario, M1C 1A4, 
Canada. 

The closing date for applications is November 15, 2007. 

The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its 
community and especially welcomes applications from visible minority 
group members, women, Aborigi nal persons, persons with disabilities, 
members of sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of ideas. The University of Toronto offers the 
opportunity to teach, conduct research and live in one of the most diverse 
cities in the world. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. 

U of Toronto, Scarborough 

Humanities, 1265 Military Trail Toronto ON M1C 1A4 Canada 

Lecturer, Critical Writing 930 

http://link.
library.utoronto.ca/academicjobs/
display_job_det 

Applications are invited for a full-time position at the rank of Lecturer in 
English, Department of Humanities, University of Toronto Scarborough 
(UTSC), to begin July 1, 2008. The position is renewable annually and 
assessment for promotion to a continuing Senior Lecturer rank may take 
place in the fifth year. 

Candidates must have a PhD, preferably in literature, and must also have 
experience teaching critical writing at the university level, and a demonstrated 
commitment to the scholarship of teaching and learning as it 
pertains to writing in English. 



Scholarly contributions to conferences and/or 
publications would be an 
asset. The successful candidate will teach, further develop, and coordinate 
a course in Critical Writing about Literature required of all English 
students. Coordination includes training and mentoring the senior PhD 
candidates who teach many sections of the course. He/she 
may also have 
the opportunity to teach a course in literature or a senior-level course in 
writing about literature. The lecturer will teach three courses a term for 
a total of six courses a year. He/she 
will be a full member of the English 
discipline at UTSC and will also find colleagues with research and teaching 
interests in writing in the UTSC Writing Centre, and in writing programs 
and centres across the three University of Toronto campuses. 

Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 

UTSC is a research-intensive institution with an interdisciplinary commitment 
and a multicultural student body speaking a wide range of languages. 
Additional information on the Department can be found at http:// 
www.
utsc.utoronto. ca/~humdiv/index.
html. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, a current curriculum vitae, 
a writing sample and teaching materials to Professor William R. Bowen, 
Chair, Department of Humanities. Three letters of reference should be 
sent directly to Professor Bowen. Applications and reference letters may be 
submitted electronically (preferred) to CritWritingSearch@utsc.utoronto
.ca or mailed to Critical Writing Search, Department of Humanities, 
UTSC, 1265 Military Trail, Toronto, Ontario, M1C 1A4, Canada. 

The closing date for applications is November 15, 2007. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research 
and live in on e of the most diverse cities in the world. The University 
of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community 
and especially welcomes applications from visible minority group members, 
women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of 
sexual minority groups, and others who may contribute to the further 
diversification of ideas. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and 
permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. 

U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Professor of English 155 

http://www.
uwo.ca/english/ 


The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario invites 
applications for The Robert and Ruth Lumsden Professorship in English, 
to begin 1 July 2008. We are seeking candidates who are leaders in 
their fields, with an international reputation and an outstanding record of 
achievement in research and in teaching and supervision at undergraduate 
and graduate levels. All fields, periods, and methodologies in English 
Literature, Culture, and Theory are welcome. Appointment will be 
at Full Professor rank. This appointment will be tenured; salary will be 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. Position is subject to 
budget approval. Applicants should have fluent written and oral communication 
skills in English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The 
University of Western Ontario is committed to employment equity and 
welcomes applications from all qualified women and men, inclu ding visible 
minorities, aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. Send letter 
of application with curriculum vitae, a writing sample, and three letters of 
reference to: Dr. Russell Poole, Professor and Acting Chair, Department 
of English, The University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada 
N6A 3K7. Applications must be received by 1 November 2007. [R] 

U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Assistant Professor of Middle English literature 156 

http://www.
uwo.ca/english 


The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario invites 
applications for a probationary (tenure-track) position at the rank 
of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 2008, in Middle English Literature 
(1100–1500). The completed PhD, or equivalent, and experience and 
promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications; published 
work is advantageous. For PhD candidates in the final stages of the thesis, 
supervisors must provide written confirmation of the completion date 
for applications to be considered. Position is subject to budget approval. 
Applicants should have fluent written and oral communication skills in 
English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians 
and permanent residents will be given priority. The University 
of Western Ontario is committed to employment equity and welcomes 
applications from all qualified women and men, including visible minorities, 
aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. Send lette r of application 
with curriculum vitae and copies of transcripts, a writing sample, 
and three letters of reference to: Dr. Russell Poole, Professor and Acting 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Western Ontario, 
London, Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7. Applications must be received by 
1 November 2007. [R] 

U of Western Ontario 

English, University College 177 London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Assistant Professor of American literature and culture 154 

http://www.
uwo.ca/english/ 


The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario invites 
applications for a probationary (tenure-track) position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, to begin 1 July 2008, in post-1865 American Literature 
and Culture. Applications from candidates with any area of specialization 
within this field are welcome. The completed PhD, or equivalent, and 
experience and promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications; 
published work is advantageous. For PhD candidates in the final 
stages of the thesis, supervisors must provide written confirmation of the 
completion date for applications to be considered. Position is subject to 
budget approval. Applicants should have fluent written and oral communication 
skills in English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The 
University of Western Ontario is committed to employment equity and 
welcomes applications from all qualified women and men, including visible 
minorities, aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. Send letter 
of application with curriculum vitae and copies of transcripts, a writing 
sample, and three letters of reference to: Dr. Russell Poole, Professor and 
Acting Chair, Department of English, The University of Western Ontario, 
London, Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7. Applications must be received 
by 1 November, 2007. [R] 

York U 

English, 4700 Keele Street Toronto ON M3J 1P3 Canada 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 548 

Applications are invited for a tenure-track appointment in the Department 
of English, Faculty of Arts at York University. The position offered 
is at the Assistant Professor level in the English Department and Creative 
Writing. Applicants must have the ability to teach prose fiction writing 
workshops (short story and novel writing) and some mixture of literary 
writing and historical or theoretical courses at graduate and undergraduate 
levels (from introductory courses which might include other genres of 
writing such as poetry to intermediate and senior-level courses concentrating 
solely on fiction writing). Preferred qualifications include an internationally 
recognized publication record in prose fiction and a PhD or 
equivalent terminal degree in English or a related field (Rhetoric, Communications, 
Journalism, Creative Writing). Publication in other literary, 
artistic, or academic genres should be highlighted. (Acclaimed prose writers 
without PhDs are still invited to a pply.) Successful candidates will be 
eligible for prompt appointment to the Faculty of Graduate Studies. 

York University is located in Toronto which is, according to a recent 
United Nations survey, the most multicultural city in the world. The 
University is distinguished by its commitment to serving a culturally diverse 
student body in both traditional fields and in innovative interdis



ciplinary programs. The English Department houses both the Creative 
Writing and Professional Writing programs. 

The appointment to begin July 1, 2008 is subject to budgetary approval 
by the University. Salary will depend on qualifications and experience. 

York University is an Affirmative Action Employer. 
The Affirmative Action 
Program can be found on Yorks website at http://www.
yorku.ca/ 
acadjobs 
or a copy can be obtained by calling the affirmative action office 
at 416.736.5713. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. 

A letter of application, Curriculum Vitae, three letters of reference (under 
separate cover) and a sample of the applicant’s written work (no longer 
than 25pp.) should be sent to: 

Professor Julia Creet, Chair, Department of English, York University, 
4700 Keele Street, Toronto, Ontario M3J 1P3 Canada, (email: englchr@ 
yorku.ca phone: 416 736-5166 fax: 416 736-5412) 

Note: email applications will not be accepted. 

Candidates should arrange for letters of recommendation from three referees 
to be sent directly to the above address. 

Deadline for receipt of applications: November 1, 2007 [R] 

Overseas Institutions 

American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

English as a Foreign Language 944 

http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008 (see the New Campus website at http://www.
aucegypt 
.edu/ncd/
updates.html). AUC is accredited by the Commission on Higher 
Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. Engineering 
programs are accredited by ABET and the Management program 
is accredited by AACSB. For more information see our website at www 
.aucegypt.edu One, two, or three-year (renewable) appointments to begin 
September 2008. English is the language of instruction. For expatriates, 
benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel for appointee and 
qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent of up to two children 
at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol agreement 
with the Egyptian Government, which requires specific proportions of 
Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this time p reference 
will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

English as a Foreign Language. The English Language Institute anticipates 
several openings for English Language instructors to teach English 
as a Foreign Language to pre-freshman or freshman university students. 
Candidates able to teach in a Rhetoric and Composition program as well 
as the English intensive program will be given special consideration. 
Position 
# ELI-1/2–
08 

Masters degree in TEFL/TESL 
is required. Several years of teaching experience, 
including international experience, are preferred, along with EAP 
experience and a commitment to instructional improvement. Experience 
in curriculum and materials development, academic reading and writing, 
testing, and/or 
CALL/instructional 
technology is highly desirable. 
Appointment will be made at Instructor level on a two-year (renewable) 
contract. Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 
2007; applications accepted until positions are filled. 

For complete details and application information: 

http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.
com 

The American University in Cairo is an equal opportunity employer. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

World/Comparative 
Literature 950 

http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008 (see the New Campus website at http://www.
aucegypt 
.edu/ncd/
updates.html). AUC is accredited by the Commission on Higher 
Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. Engineering 
programs are accredited by ABET and the Management program 
is accredited by AACSB. For more information see our website at www 
.aucegypt.edu One, two, or three-year (renewable) appointments to begin 
September 2008. English is the language of instruction. For expatriates, 
benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel for appointee and 
qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent of up to two children 
at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol agreement 
with the Egyptian Government, which requires specific proportions of 
Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this time p reference 
will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

English Literature: The Department of English and Comparative Literature 
anticipates a vacancy to teach undergraduate and MA-level courses: 

World/Comparative 
Literature: Interdisciplinary perspective and ability 
to teach across two or more periods of the canonical Anglophone literature 
curriculum. Proven scholarly and pedagogical interest in the Middle 
East, in particular, and the global south more generally will be given special 
consideration. Successful candidate will also teach appropriate humanities 
courses in the Universitys freshman and sophomore level Core 
Curriculum. Position # ECL-2–08 

Ph.D. is required and teaching experience is preferred. These are tenure 
track positions, with initial two or three year (renewable) appointment. 
Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 2007. Initial 
interviews may be held at the MLA conference. 

For complete details and application information: http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.
com 

The American University in Cairo is an equal opportunity employer. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Film Historian/Theorist 
941 

http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008 (see the New Campus website at http://www 
.aucegypt.edu/ncd/
updates.html). AUC is accredited by the Commission 
on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and 
Schools. Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and the Management 
program is accredited by AACSB. For more information see our 
website at www.aucegypt.edu One, two, or three-year (renewable) appointments 
to begin September 2008. English is the language of instruction. 
For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel 
for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent 
of up to two children at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol 
agreement with the Egyptian Government, which requires specific 
proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this 
time p reference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 


Film Historian/Theorist. 
The interdisciplinary Department of Performing 
and Visual Arts anticipates a vacancy for a Film Historian/Theorist. 
The successful candidate will teach the introductory film and selected 
courses in film, film/video 
production, and other areas within his/her 
special field of expertise, as well as organize campus film events, occasionally 
in conjunction with community organizations and/or 
international 
festivals. Position # Film-1–08 



Ph.D. required. It is a tenure track position, with an initial two-year (renewable) 
contract. 

Interest in Third World cinema and significant production experience are 
a plus. The film specialist will work closely with the dynamic faculty in 
theatre, art, and music to craft premier academic and performance programs. 
Priority will be given to applications received by December 15, 
2007. 

For complete details and application information: http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.
com 

The American University in Cairo is an equal opportunity employer. 


American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

American Literature 948 

http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.com 

Founded in 1919, AUC’s campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but 
will be moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning 
Fall Semester, 2008 (see the New Campus website at http://www 
.aucegypt.edu/ncd/
updates.html). AUC is accredited by the Commission 
on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and 
Schools. Engineering programs are accredited by ABET and the Management 
program is accredited by AACSB. For more information see our 
website at www.aucegypt.edu One, two, or three-year (renewable) appointments 
to begin September 2008. English is the language of instruction. 
For expatriates, benefits include housing, annual round-trip air travel 
for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus schooling for the equivalent 
of up to two children at Cairo American College. In view of AUC’s protocol 
agreement with the Egyptian Government, which requires specific 
proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at this 
time p reference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 


English Literature: The Department of English and Comparative Literature 
anticipates a vacancy to teach undergraduate and MA-level courses: 

American Literature: American Literature/Literature 
of the Americas 
with knowledge of American Studies and a strong scholarly and pedagogical 
interest in the relation between American Studies and its regional/ 
hemispheric/
international contexts. Successful candidate will also teach 
appropriate humanities courses in the Universitys freshman and sophomore 
Core Curriculum. Position # ECL-1–08 

Ph.D. is required and teaching experience is preferred. These are tenure 
track positions, with initial two or three year (renewable) appointment. 
Priority will be given to applications received by November 1, 2007. Initial 
interviews may be held at the MLA conference. 

For complete details and application information: 

http://aucegypt.
interviewexchange.com 

The American University in Cairo is an equal opportunity employer. 


Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 5000 Forbes Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Faculty Position in Rhetoric/Professional 
and Technical Communication at 
Carnegie Mellon Qatar 664 

http://english.
cmu.edu/ 

The Department of English at Carnegie Mellon invites applications for a 
Lecturer position in Professional/Technical 
Communication. The position 
is permanently based at our branch campus in Doha/Qatar. 
The Lecturer 
rank at Carnegie Mellon is a career track, starting with a three-year 
contract, with options for renewal and potential for promotion to Associate 
and Full Professor of Teaching. Our branch campus offers majors in 
Computer Science, Business, and Information Systems. PhD in Rhetoric, 
second language writing or related field and evidence of relevant teaching 
experience, including teaching materials, are required. 2/2 
teaching load, 
competitive salary, and significant overseas living allowances are part of the 
package. The successful candidate will be able to teach courses in technical 
writing, professional writing, style, and intercultural communication 
for all three majors. Candidates with research interests and a research trajectory 
associated with these teachi ng areas will be preferred. Significant 
research funds are available to faculty with focused research plans. Experience 
teaching English-language learners and interest in developing a career 
in the Arab world are major assets. The campus in Qatar is thriving and 
growing and will move into a new state-of-the-art building in the Fall of 
2008. The faculty member to be hired will work closely with the Director 
of Professional Writing Programs in Pittsburgh and will report to the Dean 
of the Qatar campus and to the Head of English on the Pittsburgh campus. 
Candidates shouldnot later than November 15send a letter of application 
and enclose a curriculum vitae, re levant publications, teaching materials 
(not to be returned); and three letters of recommendation: 

Professional Writing Search Committee, c/o 
Vickie Makel, Department 
of English, Baker Hall 259, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 
15213-3890 

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action 
employer. 
For further information about Carnegie Mellons Qatar Campus, 
see: http://qatar.
cmu.edu/ [R] 

Georgetown U 

School of Foreign Service in Qatar, Edmund A Walsh School of 
Foreign Service ICC 301 Washington DC 20057 

Associate or Full Professor in American Literature 247 

http://www.
georgetown.edu 

American Literature 

Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Qatar 

The Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Qatar (www 
.georgetown.edu/sfs/
qatar) invites applications to join its faculty as a professor 
in American literature. The successful applicant will teach undergraduate 
courses in American Literature on non-tenure track term (3–5 
year) appointment. Candidates of all ranks are encouraged to apply; preferred 
candidates will have the Ph.D., a record of or potential for distinguished 
scholarly research, and experience in high-quality undergraduate 
teaching. The teaching load is two courses each semester. 

The School of Foreign Service in Qatar (SFS-Q), which is located in Education 
City in Doha, Qatar, is a branch of the Edmund A. Walsh School 
of Foreign Service and offers a four-year undergraduate curriculum leading 
to the Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service (BSFS) degree identical 
to that offered on the Main Campus of Georgetown University in 
Washington, DC. Each year, the SFS-Q admits a class of approximately 
50 students, primarily from the Middle East, South and Southeast Asia, 
who take courses on and will graduate from the Doha campus. The students 
and facilities of the SFS-Q are outstanding. Compensation, terms of 
employment and professional opportunities for SFS-Q faculty are highly 
competitive. SFS-Q faculty join a community of scholars in Education 
City who teach in the other branch campuses of Carnegie-Mellon University, 
Cornell University, Texas A&M University, and Virginia Commonwealth 
University. Compensation at all ranks is highly competitive. 

Applicants who have already achieve d the rank of associate or full professor 
should send a curriculum vitae plus names of at least three references. 
Other applicants should submit a dossier that includes a curriculum vitae, 
three confidential letters of recommendation, a writing sample, and evidence 
of teaching ability, to: 

Chair, American Literature Search Committee, c/o 
Peter Dunkley, Associate 
Dean for Faculty Affairs, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service, 
ICC 301, Georgetown University, Washington, DC 20057 

For full consideration in the first round of the search, applications should 
be received by December 1, 2007. If the position is not filled in the first 
round, the search will conti nue until it is filled. 

Georgetown University is an equal opportunity-aff irmative action 
employer. 
[R] 



National Sun Yat-Sen U 

Foreign Languages & Literature, 70 Lien-hai Road Kaohsiung 804 
Taiwan 

Professor/Associate 
Professor/Assistant 
Professor in Visual Arts, Design 
(Costume/Lighting/
Stage), A 99 

http://www2.
nsysu.edu.tw/TA/ 


The Department of Theatre Arts invites applications for the position of 
Professor/Associate 
Professor/Assistant 
Professor in Visual Arts, Design 
(Costume/Lighting/
Stage), Acting/Directing, 
and Theory of Drama. 
Applicants who are currently professors,or associate professors or assistant 
professors are preferred. All applicants must have strong research interests 
and at least 2 years teaching experiences. 

Applicants must have successfully received doctoral degrees no later than 
September 1, 2007. This position is available after February 1, 2008. 

To apply, applicants must submit, no later than September 5, 2007, a letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, English transcripts, a copy of doctoral 
dissertation, two samples of recent publications and three letters of recommendation 
to the following address: 

U of Stirling 

School of Languages, Cultures and Religions, University of Stirling 
Stirling FK9 Scotland 

Chair in Postcolonial Studies or Global Cinema/Visual 
Culture 806 

http://www.
slcr.stir.ac.uk 

Professorial minimum £48,161 per annum 

With an established record of research of international quality, you will 
have a history of active and committed leadership, and a proven ability 
to attract external funding. You must have expertise relevant to modern 
French/Francophone 
studies. 

Your research will relate to one or more of the established research areas 
of the School, and through them to research excellence in the wider University. 
In particular, you will have research expertise in postcolonial 
studies (broadly defined), visual culture, or global cinema. However, this 
should not and need not be your sole competence. 

You will take an active and committed leadership role in a highly integrated 
School with a dynamic research environment. You will pursue research 
activities of international quality, and teach postgraduate students. 
You will teach both on the department-wide undergraduate programme, 
Global Cinema and Culture, and on French Studies degrees. Preference 
may be given to candidates who are able to teach Honours-level French 
language. 

Informal enquiries for all posts to Professor Andrew Ginger, Head of 
School, tel: 01786 467542; e-mail: ajg2@stir.ac.uk 

For more information on the School of Languages, Cultures and Religions 
please visit the School website at www.slcr.stir.ac.uk 

Closing date for applications is Monday 8 October 2007. 

Please quote Ref: 2757. 

Further particulars are available from the HR Services, University of Stirling, 
Stirling FK9 4LA, Tel 01786 467028, Fax 01786 466155 or Email 
hr-services@stir.ac.uk 

An equal opportunities employer 
[R] 

Department Cha irs and 
Other Administration 

Alcorn SU 

English & For Langs, 1000 ASU Dr, PO Box 120 Lorman MS 39096 

Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages 734 

http://www.
alcorn.edu 

Alcorn State University, a historically black university located in west 
central Mississippi, invites applications for a nine-month tenure-track 
position as Chair of the Department of English and Foreign Languages 
beginning fall 2008. The successful candidate must have a terminal degree 
in English, with any specialization; administrative experience, with 
experience as chair preferred; sensitivity and responsiveness to issues of 
diversity and multiculturalism; an energetic, collaborative, and productive 
leadership style; a record of teaching, scholarship, professional service, 
and community service. Send letter of application, CV, and three letters 
of reference to Dr. Dianne Bunch, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English and Foreign Languages, Alcorn State University, 1000 ASU 
Drive #120, Alcorn State, MS 39096-7500. Review of applications will 
begin on November 30. [R] 

Baruch C, CUNY 

English, 1 Bernard Baruch Way New York NY 10010 

Dean and Professor-Mildred and George Weissman School of Arts and 
Sciences 448 

http://www.
baruch.cuny.edu/ 

The Mildred and George Weissman School of Arts and Sciences (WSAS), 
is one of three schools that comprise Baruch College of The City University 
of New York, one of the nations leading public institutions of higher 
education. The School is an outstanding arts and sciences school with the 
atmosphere of a small college and the resources of a major public university. 
The School offers personalized, supportive attention for its 2,600 majors, 
as well as unique programs linking the arts and sciences with business 
and public affairs. The School has a dynamic, collegial, and nationallyrecognized 
faculty of more than 200 full-time members, organized into 
12 departments, with courses in the liberal arts disciplines traditionally 
considered essential to a well-rounded education. All Baruch students take 
at least half of their courses in the liberal arts and are required to complete 
a minor in one of these disciplines. WSAS offers exciting opportunities 
for freshmen students throug h learning communities, and for advanced 
arts and sciences students through intensive interdisciplinary seminars and 
independent study. WSAS features a series of specializations that bridge 
the Weissman School with the Zicklin School of Business and School of 
Public Affairs, such as Arts Administration, Business Journalism, Corporate 
Communication, Graphic Communication, and Music Management. 
The School offers Masters programs in Industrial/Organizational 
Psychology, 
Corporate Communication, and Financial Engineering. Each of 
these programs reflects the unique position of a first-rate school of arts and 
sciences allied with the largest accredited business sc hool in the country. 

The Dean reports to the Provost and serves as a member of the Presidents 
Cabinet. He or she is responsible for leadership of the Weissman Schools 
planning, budgeting and faculty development and for managing its programs 
to enhance its quality and reputation. The Dean is expected to coordinate 
the Schools role in carrying out the Colleges strategic plan and 
is responsible for managing a budget in excess of $26 million. The Dean 
will strengthen and expand relationships with both external and internal 
constituencies and will help develop additional financial resources for the 
School to carry out its mission. 

QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 

PhD and publication record suitable for appointment as a tenured full professor 
as well as a minimum of 8 years related experience required. Candidates 
must have a record of innovative leadership and a dynamic academic 
vision for the future that will secure for the Weissman School its competitive 
niche and reputation for excellence. Candidates must have a record 



of accomplishment in management/administrative 
positions; familiarity 
with academic institutions; effective communication and interpersonal 
skills; appreciation of scholarly research; experience and ability to promote 
the School and secure resources; demonstrated interest in the issues 
concerning urban, metropolitan, academic institutions; high energy; exemplary 
personal and professional integrity. 

Written nominations and applications, including resume should be submitted 
to: 

WSAS Dean Search Committee, Baruch College City University of New 
York, Off ice of the Provost, One Bernard Baruch Way, Box D-0710, 
New York, NY 10010 

E-mail: WSASDeanSearch@baruch.cuny.edu (Preferred) 

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action/Immigration 
Reform and Control Act/Americans 
with Disabilities Act Employer 

Boston U 

English, 236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Dean and Director, Writing Program 794 

http://www.
bu.edu/cas/
writing/ 

(pending budgetary approval) The College is seeking to make a senior 
appointment with tenure in an Arts and Sciences department, to direct its 
rigorous and pioneering program in writing. Boston University’s Writing 
Program, required of all undergraduates, focuses on a two-semester 
sequence serving over 6,000 students in nine undergraduate schools and 
colleges. It is nationally recognized for its innovative use of discipline-and 
topic-based seminars to promote strong reading, writing, and research 
skills. Successful candidates will have a demonstrated leadership capacity 
to promote effective undergraduate writing, a PhD in literature or a 
related discipline, and a record of publication and teaching that merits appointment 
at the rank of associate or full professor. Qualified candidates 
are invited to submit a letter, curriculum vitae, and the names of three 
references to Susan Jackson, Senior Associate Dean, College of Arts and 
Sciences, Boston University, 725 Commonwea lth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 
02215 no later than November 1, 2007. Boston University is an 
Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Davidson C 

Human Resources, Box 7163 Davidson NC 28035 

Director of College Composition 699 

http://www.
davidson.edu 

Director of college-wide composition program, with an anticipated start 
date of August 1, 2008. Responsibilities include faculty development, 
program administration, program outcomes assessment, and three courses 
per year. Applicants should have achieved rank of at least Associate Professor 
(or similar rank in a non-tenured position) and must have considerable 
experience in writing program administration and in working with 
diverse student populations. A Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition is 
desirable. The contract will be for three years, with annual evaluations 
and contract extensions. By November 15 candidates must apply on-line 
at https://jobs.davidson.edu and attach a C.V. and letter of application to 
the attention of Prof. Shireen Campbell. Davidson College welcomes applicants 
who enhance the diversity of its faculty. [R] 

Duquesne U 

English, 600 Forbes Avenue 637 College Hall Pittsburgh PA 15282 

Director, University Writing Center and Assistant Professor of English 604 

http://www.
english.duq.edu 

Duquesne University seeks a full-time Director of the University Writing 
Center. The faculty position will be housed in the Department of English 
at the rank of Assistant Professor and appointed for a renewable term of 
5 years, subject to yearly performance reviews; renewal beyond 5 years 
anticipated, although contingent upon review of University needs. A 
PhD in Composition and Rhetoric or in English, with substantial writing 
center experience, is required. Ability to understand and provide support 
for a range of disciplinary writing practices and to work across schools 
within the University necessary. Teaching load is 2 courses per year in 
the University Core and English Department. Administrative responsibilities 
include: supervising day-to-day functions of the Center; training 
of undergraduate and graduate tutors; developing faculty support and 
training in writing across disciplines; advancing on-line tutoring support 
for programs; developing the Writing Cent er’s outreach to all schools of 
the University and visibility to students. Moreover, the Director will be 
involved in the University’s implementation of a new University Core 
Curriculum and will help oversee the writing intensive courses across the 
University. The Director will work collaboratively with administrators of 
all schools, the Center for Teaching Excellence, and the Director of the 
University Core Curriculum, including involvement in the implementation 
of a new University Core Curriculum, beginning in 2007, and supervision 
of writing intensive courses across the University. 

To apply, send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names and 
addresses of at least three profession references to: Office of Human Resources, 
ATTN: Writing Director Search, Duquesne University, 600 
Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15282. Applications should be postmarked 
no later than October 15, 2007. Interviews will take place at the MLA 
convention. 

Applicants must be willing to contribute actively to the mission and to respect 
the Spiritan Catholic identity of Duquesne University. The mission 
is implemented through a commitment to academic excellence, a spirit of 
service, moral and spiritual values, sensitivity to world concerns, and an 
ecumenical campus community. 

Duquesne University was founded in 1878 by its s ponsoring religious 
community, the Congregation of the Holy Spirit. Duquesne University 
is Catholic in mission and ecumenical in spirit. Motivated by its Catholic 
identity, Duquesne values equality of opportunity both as an educational 
institution and as an employer. 
[R] 

Emporia SU 

English, 1200 Commercial St, CB 4019 Emporia KS 66801 

Chair of English Department 25 

The Emporia State University English department seeks applications for 
Chair of English at the rank of associate or full professor. For more detailed 
information, go to www.emporia.edu/esu/
searches.htm. To apply, 
submit a letter of application, resume, and complete contact information 
for three references to Jim Hoy, Emporia State University, Campus Box 
4019, Emporia, KS 66801, jhoy@
emporia.edu. Review of applications 
begins early October 
and continues until filled. An AA/EEO 
institution, 
Emporia State University encourages minorities and women to apply. 
www.emporia.edu. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Professor and Director of Nineteenth-­Century Studies Center 625 

http:///
www.indiana.edu/%7Eengweb/index.
htm 

The College of Arts and Sciences at Indiana 

University is pleased to announce a reconfiguration of its internationally 
renowned Victorian Studies Program as a Nineteenth-Century 
Studies 
Center. 

We are seeking a distinguished senior scholar of nineteenth-century 
culture 
to serve as founding director, jointly appointed by both the English 
and the History Departments. Please send a letter of interest, a CV, and 
names of three referees to Andrew H. Miller, Co-Chair, 19th Century 
Studies Search, Department of English, Indiana University, 442 Ballantine 
Hall, 1020 East Kirkwood Avenue, Bloomington, IN 47405-7103. 
Review of applications will start November 1, 2007, and continue until 
the position is filled. 



Indiana University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer 
and has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity in all areas. We 
are especially interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum 
of candidates, including women, members of racial a nd ethnic minorities, 
and disabled individuals. [R] 

Marshall U 

English, One John Marshall Drive Huntington WV 25755 

Department Chair 787 

http://marshall.
edu 

The English department of Marshall University invites applicants for the 
position of Chair to begin August 17, 2008. The largest academic unit 
on campus, English houses a diverse faculty of 28 and a growing undergraduate 
and graduate student body whose interests include composition 
and rhetoric, linguistics, creative writing, and literature. 

Candidates currently holding the rank of Full Professor are preferred; 
advanced Associate Professors will be considered. Applicants must currently 
hold tenure. Nine-month appointment with possibility of twelve. 
Applicants should have a record of distinction in teaching and research, 
and should have administrative experience appropriate to an appointment 
as department Chair. Applicants should have strong interpersonal, collaborative, 
and leadership skills, and the ability to facilitate curricular and 
program development and revision. Chair teaches a reduced load; field of 
study is open. Ph.D. required. 

Marshall University, founded in 1837, is West Virginia’s oldest and one of 
America’s most technologically progressive state universities. The university 
enrolls over 14,000 students in associate, baccalaureate, masters, and 
doctoral programs. In recent years, the university has dedicated the Drinko 
Library, a performing arts center, the Jomie Jazz Center, a new medical 
center complex, and most recently, a biotechnology sciences facility. 

Huntington is a main street community of 50,000 located on the Ohio 
River; it is part of a Metropolitan Statistical Area with a population of 
325,000. Huntington is a major medical center and it offers numerous intellectual 
and cultural opportu nities and a beautiful natural environment. 
Metropolitan areas such as Lexington and Louisville, KY, Cincinnati and 
Columbus, OH, Pittsburgh, PA, and Washington, D.C. are within easy 
driving distance. More information about Marshall University and Huntington 
can be found at www.marshall.edu and www.hadco.org. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters 
of reference, and a statement of administrative philosophy. Other materials 
of support may be requested at a later date. 

Review of applications will begin November 16, 2007, and continue until 
filled. Send application materials to Chair Search Committee, Department 
of En glish, Marshall University, One John Marshall Drive, Huntington, 
WV 25755-2646. AA/EO 
employer. 
Women and minorities 
strongly encouraged to apply. Foreign applicants must be authorized to 
work in the United States. [R] 

Methodist C 

English & Writing, 5400 Ramsey St Fayetteville NC 28311 

Associate Professor/English 
Department Chairperson 572 

3–2 load starting August 2008. 

Specialization in Modern British and/or 
World Literature to chair department 
and teach small literature sections. Load will also include freshman 
composition. Tenure track. Ph.D. required. Send letter of application, CV, 
graduate transcripts, and three letters of recommendation by Nov. 9th, 
2007 to Dr. Michael Colonnese, Search Committee Chair. Department 
of English and Writing, Methodist University, 5400 Ramsey St., Fayetteville, 
NC 28311. Email: colonx@methodist.edu. EOE. 

Michigan Tech U 

College of Sciences and Arts, 1400 Townsend Dr Houghton MI 49931 

Dean of the College of Sciences and Arts 494 

http://www.
mtu.edu 

Applications are invited for Michigan Technological University’s Dean of 
the College of Sciences and Arts. 

The Dean is the chief academic officer of the College and takes the lead in 
articulating the importance of arts and sciences disciplines in the general 
education of all students. The Dean is expected to foster the development 
and enhancement of innovative graduate and undergraduate programs, 
and to encourage increased research in the college. 

For more information, including a full job description, required qualif 
ications, and recommended application materials, visit www.csa.mtu 
.edu/CSA_
Dean_Search. Inquiries and applications should be directed to 
Professor Mark Gockenbach at msgocken@mtu.edu or (906)-487-2068. 
Application review begins 11/1/
2007 and continues until filled. Michigan 
Technological University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 


New York U 

Gallatin School of Individualized Study, 715 Broadway New York NY 
10003 

Associate Dean 92 

The Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University is 
an alternative college of 1,300 students with innovative, nationally recognized 
B.A. and M.A. programs in individualized study. Students are 
encouraged to develop an integrated, multidisciplinary program of study 
that combines courses in the various schools of NYU with independent 
studies, internships, and Gallatins own interdisciplinary seminars and arts 
workshops. The School emphasizes excellent teaching, intensive student 
advisement and mentoring, and a unique combination of program flexibility 
and academic rigor. We invite applications for the highly visible 
position of Associate Dean for Academic and Faculty Affairs, who will 
work closely with and report to the Dean on matters related to academic 
planning, policy, faculty issues, and academic advising. 

The Associate Dean facilitates the work of the faculty, including curriculum 
development, student evaluation, administration of the M.A. program, 
faculty searches, and managing the tenure and promotion process. 
The Associate Dean provides leadership and direction to the Advising, 
External Programs, Faculty Services, Student Affairs, and Student Services 
units. He or she sits on University-wide committees, represents the 
Gallatin School and Dean at public functions, maintains cooperative relations 
with other University units, generates grants to support academic 
initiatives, and performs other general administrative responsibilities. 

The successful candidate must possess: a commitment to student-centered 
learning; teaching experience, scholarship, and service to the rank of a 
tenured associate or full professor. A Ph.D. or equivalent degree with at 
least three years administrative, supervisory, and budgetary experience in 
academic administration are required. Excellent oral, written, and leadership 
skills are necessary. Demonstrated ability to generate grants for curricular 
initiatives and enhance community cooperation, collegiality, and 
consensus as well as a research profile and an interest in continuing as a 
faculty member in the future would be ideal. 

NYU offers a superior benefits package, which includes free NYU tuition 
for self and eligible family members, generous vacation, medical, dental 
and pension plan. The preferred starting date for this position is July 1, 
2008. Applicants should send a letter of interest discussing their academic 
and administrative accomplishments and philosophy of education along 
with a current vita and the names and contact information for 5 referees 
to: Liz Greene, Human Resources Director, Gallatin School of Individualized 
Study, New York University, 715 Broadway 6th Floor, New York, 
NY 10003. The deadline to submit applications is November 30, 2007. 

NYU encourages applications from women and members of minority 
groups. 



Northeastern U 

English, 360 Huntington Av, 406 Holmes Boston MA 02115 

Professor and Chair 569 

http://english.
neu.edu 

The Department of English at Northeastern University (http://www 
.english.neu.edu/) invites applications for the position of Chair. The field 
of specialization is open; the appointment will be made at the rank of 
Full Professor with tenure. The successful candidate will have substantial 
administrative experience as well as a strong record of scholarship 
and teaching, will lead a growing department central to the research and 
educational missions of the University, and will be committed to working 
with diverse student populations and promoting an inclusive environment. 
Department chairs will also be involved in outreach to alumni and 
other departmentally focused development efforts. 

The English Department currently has twenty-one full-time faculty and 
expects to make several new hires over the next five years as part of the 
Universitys Academic Investment Plan. The department serves over 300 
majors in English as well as in dual-major programs with Cinema Studies 
and Linguistics. The graduate program enrolls between ten and fifteen 
Masters and doctoral students annually. The department also administers 
undergraduate writing programs in First-Year Writing and Advanced 
Writing in the Disciplines. Faculty research spans a range of areas in British 
and American literature as well as in Rhetoric and Composition, linguistics, 
cinema studies, and gender studies. We are especially interested 
in a candidate who will support and develop the department’s research 
mission both internally and across disciplines as the University pursues an 
interdisciplinary agenda, including an initiative to hire thirty outstanding 
senior faculty in interdisciplinary areas. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position 
is filled. For fullest consideration, please send a curriculum vitae and 
a letter of application by November 1st, to Professor Laura Green, Search 
Committee Chair, Department of English, 406 Holmes Hall, Northeastern 
University, 360 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA 02115-5000. 
Northeastern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Educational Institution and Employer, 
Title IX University. Northeastern 
University particularly welcomes applications from minorities, women, 
and persons with disabilities. [R] 

Rhodes C 

Mod Langs, 2000 North Pky Memphis TN 38112 

Director, Search Program 338 

http://www.
rhodes.edu 

The College seeks a Director for its core three-course sequence in interdisciplinary 
humanities, The Search for Values in Light of Western 
History and Religion, beginning fall 2008. In this sequence, students examine 
primary sources from the history and literature of the Israelites, 
Greeks, Romans, and early Christians and trace the development of the 
biblical and classical heritage up to the modern period. It currently draws 
faculty from eleven departments, and over fifty percent of first-and second-
year students participate. Participating departments are Art, Biology, 
English, Greek and Roman Studies, History, Modern Languages and 
Literatures, Music, Philosophy, Political Science, Religious Studies, and 
Theatre. For more information on the Search program, see the College’s 
website http://www.
rhodes.edu. 

The Director serves a three year term with the possibility of renewal, 
and s/he 
will be responsible for many of the duties of a department head 
including coordinating activities among the participating faculty. The 
teaching load will be four courses per year divided between the Search 
program and the department of disciplinary training. This appointment 
will include tenure in an existing department at the rank of associate professor, 
although a more senior appointment may be considered. 

The successful candidate will provide evidence of success in interdisciplinary 
teaching, ongoing scholarship, and collaborative administrative 
leadership. Dossiers should include a letter of application, a current C.V., 
three letters of reference, a sample of teaching evaluations, and a brief 
example of published research. Send materials to Dr. David Sick (sick@ 
rhodes.edu), Department of Greek & Roman Studies/Rhodes 
College/ 
2000 
North Parkway/Memphis, 
TN 38112-1690. Review of completed 
applications will begin October 15 and continue until the position is 
filled. 

Founded in 1848, Rhodes College is a highly selective, private, residential, 
undergraduate college, located in Memphis, Tennessee. We aspire to 
graduate students with a lifelong passion for learning, a compassion for 
others, and the ability to translate academic study and personal concern 
into effective leadership and action in their communities and the world. 
We encourage applications from candidates interested in helping us 
achieve this vision. Memphis has a metropolitan population of over one 
million and is the nation’s 18th largest metropolitan area. The city provides 
multiple opportunities for research and for cultural and recreational 
activities. Read more about Memphis. 

We are an equal opportunity employer 
committed to diversity in the 
workforce. [R] 

Stephen F Austin SU 

English & Philos, PO Box 13007, SFA Stn Nacogdoches TX 75962 

Chair, Department of English 804 

http://www.
sfasu.edu/english 


Stephen F. Austin University in Nacogdoches, TX seeks a chairperson 
for the Department of English and Philosophy beginning Fall 2008. The 
Department of English and Philosophy is an established department offering 
undergraduate courses in composition, literature, philosophy, linguistics, 
creative writing, and classical studies. The department also offers 
a master’s degree program in English literature. Candidates must hold 
the rank of either professor or associate professor. A Ph.D. in English or 
closely related field is required along with a passion of excellence in teaching, 
a record of considerable recent scholarly publication, commitment 
to program development, good leadership ability, and the ability to be a 
strong mentor. Send letter of application, vita, three letters of reference, 
statement of teaching and philosophy, evidence of quality teaching and 
scholarship to Dr. Jerry Williams, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English and Philosophy, P.O. Box 13 007 SFA Station, Nacogdoches, 
TX 75962-3000. [R] 

U of Alaska, Fairbanks 

English, PO Box 755720 Fairbanks AK 99775 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of Composition 258 

http://www.
uaf.edu/english 


University of Alaska Fairbanks 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of Composition. Tenure-track 
appointment to begin August 2008. Salary commensurate with experience. 
Experience teaching composition required; training in rhetoric/ 
composition 
desirable. Ph.D. required by start date. Supervise freshman 
and sophomore core composition classes, train and direct 25 TAs, teach 2/ 
1 
(at least 1 at graduate level) in medium-size department with M.A. and 
M.F.A. programs. This position is an opportunity to take an immediate 
leadership role and shape a composition program for the future. Founded 
in 1917, UAF is the flagship campus of the University of Alaska system. 
The campus enrolls 8,000 students and is an ethnically diverse Research 
II university in a rural northern setting. 

Letter and vitae must be submitted online by November 16, 2007 . Queries 
may be sent to Dr. Michael Schuldiner, Chair of English at ffmjs@uaf 
.edu. To apply for this position go to https:www.uakjobs.com and click 
on “Create Application” link to select User name and Password and create 
your application. Once having completed this step, begin applying for jobs 
on-line by clicking “Job Posting Search.” If you need assistance, please call 
907-474-7700 between the hours of 8am and 5pm, Alaska Time, Monday 
through Friday. UAF is an AA/EO 
employer 
and is committed to faculty 
diversity; minority candidates are strongly urged to apply. [R] 



U of California, Santa Barbara 

Writing Program, 1520 South Hall Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Director of Writing Program 344 

http://www.
writing.ucsb.edu/ 

The University of California, Santa Barbara is conducting a search for the 
Director of the Writing Program effective July 1, 2008. The Writing Program 
is an independent unit within the College of Letters and Science 
that offers approximately 335 undergraduate courses yearly at both lowerand 
upper-division levels. Some freshman composition sections are linked 
to general education courses across the disciplines. Numerous upper-division 
writing courses are discipline specific. The Program offers a Minor 
in Professional Writing and participates in the interdisciplinary culture 
that characterizes UC Santa Barbara. A related area of specialization in 
Composition, Literacy, and English Education is offered to students in the 
Gevirtz Graduate School of Education. 

Writing Program courses are taught mostly by Writing Program lecturers 
and graduate student teaching assistants recruited across campus. The Director, 
who normally teaches ha lf-time, supervises faculty recruitment, 
hiring, and evaluation; plans and staffs the curriculum; manages the budget; 
oversees the Program office; and represents the Program across campus. 
The Director reports to the Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts. 

We seek a senior scholar and teacher with a distinguished record who has 
the vision and the leadership skills to further the development of an independent, 
teaching-centered undergraduate writing program dedicated to 
writing across the disciplines. The successful candidate must be qualified 
to hold a tenured academic appointment as a professor in the University 
of California. Candidates should have experience i n teaching, administration, 
and program development. Experience in obtaining extramural 
funding is desirable. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. The College is particularly interested in candidates who can 
contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 
through research, teaching, and service. 

Further information about the Program is available at www.writing.ucsb 
.edu. 

Candidates should submit a letter of application detailing experience and 
areas of academic interest, a current vita, the names (with numbers and 
e-mail addresses) of 3–5 references, and a sample of scholarly research. 
Additional materials may be r equested at a later date. Review of candidates 
will begin on November 5, 2007 and will continue until the position 
is filled. 

Send applications to: Writing Program Search Committee, The Writing 
Program, 1520 South Hall, University of California, Santa Barbara, Santa 
Barbara, CA 93106-3010 

The University of California, Santa Barbara is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action employer. 


U of North Carolina, Greensboro 

African-American Studies, 1111 Spring Garden Street Greensboro NC 
27412 

Program Director African American Studies 687 

http://www.
uncg.edu/afs 


The African American Studies Program at University of North Carolina 
at Greensboro invites applications and nominations for the position 
of Program Director. This University-wide interdepartmental program 
is housed in the College of Arts & Sciences, and the Program Director 
reports to the Dean of the College. Candidates at any professorial rank 
(PhD required) will be considered; in the case of a tenured appointment, 
tenure will be held in the African-American Studies Program. The appointment 
will be effective August 1, 2008. The Program, with two 
instructors and one staff member, offers an undergraduate degree and a 
minor. Enrollments are strong with approximately 60 declared first majors. 
The Program also administers the annual Conference on African 
American Culture and Experience (CACE). The African American Studies 
Program seeks a leader with administrative experience handling budgets, 
bureaucracies, and personnel. The successful candidate will have a 
scholarly, teaching, and service record commensurate with the professorial 
rank at which she or he seeks to be hired have a historical and strategic 
understanding of African American Studies, including competing 
approaches to the field and knowledge of contemporary developments 
with respect to gender, class, and globalization be able, in conjunction 
with the Development 
Office, to develop external funding for programs 
and initiatives be able to lead the Program through skillful communication, 
mentoring, and advising. 

UNC Greensboro, one of the sixteen campuses in the University of North 
Carolina system, is a high research activity doctorate-granting university 
with approximately 17,000 students in the College of Arts and Science 
and six professional schools. UNC Greensboro is especially proud of the 
class, gender, racial and special needs diversity of its student body and we 
seek to attract an equally diverse applicant pool for this position. We are 
an EEO/AA 
employer 
with a strong commitment to increasing faculty 
diversity and will respond creatively to the needs of dual-career couples. 
Greensboro is a medium-sized city of about 237,000 in the Piedmont 
Triad region of North Carolina near the Research Triangle and other 
major educational institutions, a location providing easy access to recreational 
opportunities on t he coast and in the mountains. 

Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2007, and will continue 
until the position is filled. Applicants should submit a cover letter, 
detailed curriculum vitae, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, 
and e-mail addresses of four professional references. In the cover letter, or 
as a separate attachment, a candidate should articulate her or his administrative 
philosophy and vision for the field of African American Studies. 
Applications will be kept confidential on request. Submit applications 
or inquiries to William D. Hart, Chair of the African American Studies 
Search Committee. Submissions of application materials should by made 
by e-mail to wdhart@uncg.edu. [R] 

U of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 

College of Arts & Sciences, CB3100 Chapel HIll NC 27599 

Director of the Program in the Humanities and Human Values 802 

http://www.
adventuresinideas.unc.edu 

The Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at UNC-Chapel Hill seeks 
a director of the Colleges Program in the Humanities and Human Values. 
This is a 12-month, non-teaching position commencing 1 July 2008. 

Offering a stimulating series of weekend and week-long programs to a 
broad audience of alumni, the general public, and teachers, the Program 
in the Humanities and Human Values is the principal means of public 
outreach of the College of Arts and Sciences. The primary responsibility 
of the director is the management of seminars and conferences, including 
their design, program development, and administration. In addition 
to these activities, a major responsibility of the director is fund-raising. 
The Director supervises a staff of seven employees. 

Requirements: Ph.D. in a humanities discipline. Experience in public or 
outreach programming in the humanities and/or 
fund-raising experience 
in the humanities desirable. Salary commensurate with education and 
experience. 


Submit a letter highlighting qualif ications, a resume and/or 
CV, and 
names, addresses and telephone numbers of three references by October 
31, 2007. 

Darryl Gless, College of Arts & Sciences, ATTN: Faye Lewis, UNCChapel 
Hill, CB# 3100, 205 South Building, Chapel Hill, NC 27599- 
3100 

UNC-Chapel Hill is an EOE employer. 
[R] 



Union U 

English, 1050 Union University Dr Jackson TN 38305 

Chair, English Department 903 

http://www.
uu.edu 

The Department of English invites applications and nominations for the 
position of department chair, tenure-track, to begin fall 2008 at the rank 
of associate or full professor. Duties include budgeting, scheduling, advising, 
ongoing curriculum development and revision, and faculty development 
and evaluation. Applicants must demonstrate a history of excellence 
in teaching, scholarship, and administration. A strong commitment to undergraduate 
teaching is essential; all English faculty are expected to teach 
introductory composition and world literature. Applicants with specialization 
in Renaissance, critical theory, or American literature preferred. The 
department has seven full-time faculty members, offers bachelors degrees 
in English with concentrations in writing or literature, and works closely 
with the education department in the supervision of secondary education 
candidates. The department takes pride in its collegiality, a developing 
researc h identity, and a history of outstanding teaching. 

Successful candidates must be professing Christians who are active members 
of a local church, enthusiastically support Union Universitys Identity, 
Mission, and Core Values, and articulate a Christian worldview in their 
work and life. Union University is consistently ranked among the nations 
premier Christian colleges and in the top tier of masters granting Southern 
universities. Located in Jackson, Tennessee, a growing community of 
60,000, Union University is 80 miles east of Memphis and 120 miles west 
of Nashville. 

Review of applications will begin November 16. Will interview at MLA. 
For access to a f aculty application and more information, visit our website 
at www.uu.edu. Send the completed application, CV, and cover letter to: 
John Carbonell, Director of Human Resources, Union University, 1050 
Union University Drive, Jackson, TN 38305, or by fax to 731-661-5177, 
or via E-mail to: hrdept@uu.edu. Women and minority candidates are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

Comparative Literature 

Brown U 

Comp Lit, Box E, 20 Manning Walk Providence RI 02912 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 285 

http://www.
brown.edu 

The Department of Comparative Literature at Brown University invites 
applications for a renewable tenure track Assistant 

Professorship to begin July 1, 2008. The initial appointment is for three 
years. Applicants must have completed the Ph. D. by the time the appointment 
begins. Area of specialization: Renaissance/Early 
Modern. 
Candidates should demonstrate a familiarity with literary theory and pursue 
scholarly work in at least two literary/linguistic 
traditions. We seek 
candidates at the beginning or early stages of their careers who demonstrate 
evidence of scholarly promise and a commitment to excellence in 
teaching. Two courses (totaling 6 hours) per semester; salary competitive. 
Send application letter, CV, writing sample, graduate transcript, and at 
least three letters of recommendation to: Chair, Early Modern Search 
Committee, Department of Comparative Literature, Brown University, 
Box E, 20 Manning Walk, Providence, RI 02912. Priority will be given 
to applications that reach us by November 5, 2007. Interviews at the MLA 
convention in Chicago. Brown University is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
Minorities 
and women are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Butler U 

English, 4600 Sunset Av Indianapolis IN 46208 

Assistant Professor of English, Comparativist 506 

http://butler.
edu 

Butler University’s English Department seeks a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor in Post-Enlightenment Comparative Literature. Successful candidates 
will have expertise in one or more areas of post-1800 European 
and/or 
World Literature and should possess a broad and diverse range of 
cross-cultural teaching interests. Desirable secondary areas of expertise 
include postcolonialism, gender studies, transnational feminism, cultural 
studies, and critical theory. 

Teaching load is 3/3. 
Candidate will teach core, departmental service, 
and upper-level English courses in their research area(s) of specialization. 
Ph.D. must be in hand by August 1, 2008. 

Send letter and vita to: Lee Garver, Search Committee Chair, Comparative 
Literature Search, Butler University, Indianapolis, IN 46208. Application 
deadline is November 5. 

Butler University is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to building 
a culturally diverse intellectual community and strongly encourages 
applications from women and historically underrepresented groups. [R] 

California SU, Fullerton 

English, Comp Lit, & Linguistics, PO Box 6848 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor of English/Comparative 
Literature 589 

http://hss.
fullerton.edu/english/ 


The Department of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics 
invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in 
comparative literature in translation, with a focus on South Asian, Middle 
Eastern, or South American literature. Teaching assignments would 
include specialty courses at upper-division and MA levels, introductory 
surveys, general education, composition, and other courses depending on 
candidate’s interests and departmental need. A secondary teaching specialization 
in one of the following areas is desirable though not required: 
applied linguistics/structure 
of modern English, literary theory (especially 
pre-20th Century), the Bible as literature, classical mythology, children’s 
literature, or the novel. Department faculty normally teach four courses 
each semester. Re-assigned time available for research, course development, 
and departmental responsibilities. Teaching load reduction provided 
for first two years and may be extended. Faculty members advise undergraduate 
students and serve on faculty committees. Positive tenure and 
promotion decisions require excellent teaching as well as peer-reviewed 
publication and participation in the broader disciplinary community. 
Ability to interact effectively with a wide and culturally diverse range of 
students essential. Ph.D. in English or Comparative literature with training 
and experience in one of the three areas required by August 2008. 
ABDs considered but must show evidence of degree completion prior to 
appointment. Evidence of successful teaching and potential for successful 
publication essential. Starting salary competitive and commen surate 
with qualifications and experience. Submit letter of interest, curriculum 
vitae, and dossier to Joseph Sawicki, Chair, Department of English, Comparative 
Literature, and Linguistics, University Hall 323, California State 
University Fullerton, Fullerton, CA 92834-6848. Application acknowledged 
by email. Preliminary interviews at MLA. Applications postmarked 
by November 2nd, 2007 receive full consideration. Job Control Number: 
23603G-08–045. CSUF is an Equal Opportunity/Title 
IX/503/
504/ 
VEVRA/
ADA Employer. 
[R] 



Indiana U 

Comp Lit, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 914 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 
47405 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 609 

http://www.
iub.edu/~complit/ 

RENAISSANCE/EARLY 
MODERN. The Comparative Literature 
Department invites applications for a tenure-track position from broadly 
trained comparatists with a specialization in Renaissance or early modern 
European literature and thought. Applicants should have a strong command 
of three vernacular traditions in addition to Latin and be conversant 
with the sources and methods of current critical discourse. Secondary interests 
in related disciplines such as comparative arts are especially welcome. 
Ph.D. in hand or by August 2008. Please send letter of application, 
vita, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation or graduate 
dossier by November 15 to Professor Herbert Marks, Search Committee, 
Department of Comparative Literature, Ballantine Hall 914, Indiana 
University, Bloomington, IN 47405. We expect to conduct interviews at 
MLA. Indiana University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action 
employer. 
[R] 

Penn State U 

Comparative Literature, 311 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant, Associate, or Professor of Comparative Literature 458 

http://complit.
la.psu.edu/ 

AFRICAN LITERATURE. Building on three decades of African literary 
studies at both the undergraduate and the graduate levels, the Department 
of Comparative Literature at Penn State invites applications for a 
rank open, tenure-line or tenured position in African literature (Assistant, 
Associate, or Professor according to qualifications). Tenure-track or tenured 
according to rank and qualifications. Starting date: August 2008 preferred. 
Field(s) of interest open but should complement our department’s 
global perspective. The ideal candidate will have a solid background in 
both anglophone and francophone or lusophone literatures of Africa, as 
well as a thorough knowledge of at least one African language. Ph.D. and 
relevant teaching experience required: Ph.D. in Comparative Literature 
preferred but Ph.D.’s in related fields also considered. Applications received 
by November 15, 2007, will be given full consideration; however, 
all applications will be considered until the search is concluded. Send letter, 
CV, and names of three references to: Thomas A. Hale, Chair, African 
Literature Search Committee, c/o 
Ms. Cindy Bierly, Box M, Department 
of Comparative Literature, 311 Burrowes Building, The Pennsylvania 
State University, University Park PA 16802-6203, USA. Applications and 
nominations may also be sent by E-mail to cqb2@psu.edu or by FAX to 
(814) 863-8882. Visit our Web site at http://complit.
la.psu.edu/. Penn 
State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity 
of its workforce. [R] 

Princeton U 

Comp Lit, 133 East Pyne Princeton NJ 08544 

Associate or Full Professor 150 

http://complit.
princeton.edu/index.
php/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature invites applications from distinguished 
comparatists specializing in modern literatures and cultures 
(19th and 20th centuries). Please send a letter, C.V., and the names of 
three referees to Professor April Alliston, Chair of the Search Committee, 
133 East Pyne, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544. Interested 
candidates are urged to apply before November 15, 2007. Princeton is an 
EE/AA 
employer. 
For further information about applying to Princeton 
and how to self-identify, please see link to http://web.
princeton.edu/sites/ 
dof/applicantsinfo.
htm [R] 

Princeton U 

Comp Lit, 133 East Pyne Princeton NJ 08544 

Assistant Professor 178 

http://complit.
princeton.edu/index.
php/ 

The Department of Comparative Literature announces a tenure-track assistant 
professorship. Candidates should have strength in two languages 
in addition to English and special expertise in the literature, or literature 
and film, of Africa (specialization in at least one non-European language 
is preferred). Please send letter of application, CV, dossier, and writing 
sample by November 15th to Professor Michael Wood, Chair of the 
Search Committee, Department of Comparative Literature, 133 East 
Pyne, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544. Princeton is an EE/AA 
employer. 
For further information about applying to Princeton and how 
to self-identify, please see link to http://web.
princeton.edu/sites/
dof/ 
ApplicantsInfo.
htm [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

Comp Lit, 4125 Dwinelle Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Medieval Latin 875 

http://academicemployment.
chance.berkeley.edu/ 

The University of California, Berkeley seeks to make an appointment, 
pending budgetary approval, in medieval Latin with preference for a candidate 
with additional expertise in some other aspect of medieval studies 
broadly construed. Rank open, with preference for candidates within 12 
years of the PhD. Home department to be determined based on the qualifications 
of the successful candidate. Appointment to be effective July 1, 
2008; PhD or equivalent in hand or expected by the end of AY 2008– 
09. Applicants for assistant professor position, please send CV, a writing 
sample of approximately 25 pages and full dossier; applicants for associate 
professor position, please send CV, a writing sample of approximately 25 
pages and the names and current addresses of at least three referees; all applications 
must be postmarked no later than November 9, 2007, to Search 
Committee Chair, c/o 
Department of Comparative Literature, 4125 
Dwinelle Hall, UC Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720-2580. The University 
of California at Berkeley is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Employer. 


U of Chicago 

Comp Lit, 1010 E 59th St Chicago IL 60637 

Open-Rank Professor of Comparative Literature 411 

http://humanities.
uchicago.edu/depts/
complit 

The University of Chicago’s Comparative Literature Department seeks 
a colleague, open rank (tenure-track or tenured), who specializes in the 
comparative theory and history of poetry. We welcome candidates who 
focus on such issues as the relationship of formal and contextual (historical, 
sociological, and/or 
anthropological) approaches to poetry as a crosscultural 
phenomenon; poetry’s relationship to prose and philosophical 
thought; oral and textual modes; poetry’s status within different literary 
systems; notions of “world poetry”; and poetic developments within 
“contact zones” (e.g., the Mediterranean). Candidates who work in at least 
two languages other than English strongly preferred. We would be especially 
interested in scholars whose work includes significant consideration 
of non-European and/or 
pre-modern poetry. Candidates should have 
Ph.D. in hand by fall 2008. Please send letter of application, CV, writing 
sample, and dossier with three letters of recommendatio n to: Joshua 
Scodel, Chair, Department of Comparative Literature, The University of 
Chicago, 1010 E. 59th Street, Chicago, IL 60637. Applications received 
by November 1, 2007, will be given highest priority. The University of 
Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 



U of Iowa 

Cinema & Comp Lit, 210 AJB Iowa City IA 52242 

Assistant Professor of Translation Studies 845 

http://www.
uiowa.edu/~ccl/ 

The Department of Cinema and Comparative Literature at the University 
of Iowa seeks to fill a tenure-track assistant professorship in translation 
studies. The successful applicant will be expected to teach and take a leading 
role in Iowa’s M.F.A. Program in Literary Translation. She or he will 
have an advanced terminal degree and a proven record of accomplishment. 
Please submit 3 letters of recommendation, a CV, two writing samples, 
and a cover letter to: Translation Studies Search Committee, Cinema 
and Comparative Literature, E210 AJB, Iowa City, IA 52242-2004. Send 
all materials in hard copy. Review of applications begins on 10 October 
2007, and preliminary interviews will be held at ALTA in Dallas. The 
Department of Cinema and Comparative Literature and the College of 
Liberal Arts and Sciences are strongly committed to gender and ethnic 
diversity. Women and members of underrepresented minorities are especially 
encouraged to apply. The University of Iowa is an affirm ative action/
equal 
opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Associate Professor, Comparative Literature 123 

http://www.
umd.edu 

Specialization in Visual Culture (including film, video, photography, or 
new media); strength in visual theory of interest. UMd Program emphasizes 
Western Hemispheric and Atlantic, Postcolonial, and diasporic 
studies. Must work in at least one language in addition to English. PhD, 
significant publications, and teaching experience required. Starting Fall 
2008; tenured or tenure-track. Salary competitive and dependent upon 
qualif ications. For best consideration, please send letter of application 
and c.v., by November 1, 2007, to Kent Cartwright, Chair, Department 
of English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall, University of Maryland, College 
Park, MD 20742-8815. Appointment contingent upon funding. The 
University of Maryland is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Washington 

Comp Lit, PO Box 354338 Seattle WA 98195 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature: South Asian Cinema 460 

http://www.
washington.edu/admin/
acadpers/communications/
ad/a 


The Cinema Studies Program and the Department of Comparative Literature 
at the University of Washington invite applications for a tenuretrack 
assistant professorship in the area of South Asian Film, beginning in 
September 2008. Applicants must complete the Ph.D. in Cinema Studies 
or a related f ield by date of appointment. Preferred candidates will 
demonstrate the capacity to offer survey courses in film history, theory 
and genre, as well as courses in the cultural and aesthetic histories of one 
or more South Asian cinema traditions. They will also demonstrate an 
interest in cross-cultural comparisons, as well as in teaching a large lecture 
class. University of Washington faculty engage in teaching, research 
and service. By November 1 please send a letter of application, a c.v., and 
three letters of recommendation to: Cynthia Steele, Chair, Department of 
Comparative Literature, Box 354338, University of Washington, Seattle, 
WA 98195-4338. We will request writing samples from some applicants 
and will be interviewing at the MLA convention. Address any questions 
to Yuko Mera: ymera@u.washington.edu. The University of Washington 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Villanova U 

Dept. of Humanities & Augustinian Traditions, 800 Lancaster Ave. 
SAC 304 Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor of Humanities 288 

http://www.
humanities.villanova.edu/ 

The Department of Humanities invites applicants for an entry level, tenure-
track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in world literature or 
comparative literature with preference given to candidates with research 
and teaching interest in one or more of the following areas: faith and culture, 
Catholic literature, religion and literature. Position begins in the Fall 
Semester 2008. Ph.D. should be completed prior to appointment. Teaching 
responsibilities include undergraduate and graduate (M.A. courses). 
We offer a 3–2 load for the f irst three years, renewable contingent on 
scholarly record. After a successful Third Year Review, a sabbatical is 
available. Send application letter, graduate and undergraduate school transcripts, 
CV, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation, and 2–3 
page response to our Statement of Purpose (www.humanities.villanova 
.edu/mission_
statement.html), to Dr. Thomas W. Smith, Ph.D., Departme 
nt of Humanities, Villanova University, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villanova 
PA 19085. Villanova is a Roman Catholic University sponsored by 
the Augustinian Order. An AA/EEO 
employer, 
Villanova seeks a diverse 
faculty committed to scholarship, service, and especially teaching, who 
understand, respect, and can contribute to the Universitys mission and 
values. Deadline: November 1st, 2007. [R] 

Washington U 

Comp Lit, 1 Brookings Dr, Box 1107 St Louis MO 63130 

Entry-level assistant professor position in Comparative Literature 229 

http://artsci.
wustl.edu/ 

Washington University in St. Louis invites applications and nominations 
for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor in the field 
of Comparative Literature to begin Fall, 2008. The appointment will be 
made in the Committee on Comparative Literature jointly with one of the 
following departments: Asian and Near Eastern Literatures, English, Performing 
Arts, or Romance Languages and Literatures. Ph.D. in Comparative 
Literature or the equivalent by July 1, 2008 required. The successful 
candidate will be expected to teach courses in Comparative Literature, 
including both core undergraduate and graduate courses in comparative 
theory and methodology. Preferred areas of teaching and research include: 
nineteenth-and/or 
twentieth-century 
literary studies, text and image, 
Mediterranean studies, film. Applications will be accepted until the position 
is filled, but priority will be given to those received by November 1, 
2007. A completed application will consist of a curriculum vitae, three 
letters of recommendation, and supporting materials concerning research 
and teaching. Send to: Chair, Comparative Literature Search Committee, 
Washington University in St. Louis, Campus Box 1107, One Brookings 
Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130-4899. Email inquiries to complit@artsci. 
wustl.edu; telephone inquiries to 314 935-5170. Washington University 
in St. Louis is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, 
and 
particularly encourages women, minorities, and persons with disabilities 
to apply. Employment eligibility is required upon appointment. [R] 

Linguistics and ESL 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor: TESOL 203 

http://www.
csus.edu 

Asst. Prof. of English, tenure-track position, effective Fall 2008 (Contingent 
upon funding). We are seeking an Applied Linguist to teach graduate 
students who are in our M.A. TESOL (Teaching English to Speakers of 
Other Languages) program and undergraduate students who are future 



K-12 teachers in our English Education Program. Ph.D. required (by August 
1, 2008) in Applied Linguistics or related field, with specialization in 
the pedagogy of oral skills and/or 
sociolinguistics. ABD considered for 
interview. ESL/EFL 
or composition experience desirable. Four-course 
load (per semester is normal) with diverse student population, committee 
work, scholarly/creative 
work, advising, and community service. Will accept 
applications until position is filled, but for consideration for an interview 
at MLA, applications must be received by November 20, 2007. CSU 
Sacramento is an EOE/AA 
employer. 
Send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, copies of ALL transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Joshua McKinney, Personnel Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, Sacramento, 6000 J. Street, Sacramento, CA 
95819-6075. 

Case Western Reserve U 

English, 10900 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44106 

ESL Coordinator 314 

The Department of English in the College of Arts and Sciences at Case 
Western Reserve University seeks a full-time lecturer to coordinate ESL 
writing courses and teach in the university’s seminar-based general-education 
program (SAGES). PhD in English or related field preferred. Strong 
record of training and experience in teaching college-level ESL and developmental 
writing courses desirable. 2–2 teaching load. Salary: 40K 
and benefits. Initial appointment is for one year beginning 1 July 2008 
and renewable for up to three years. Electronic applications only (consisting 
of a letter of application and a cv) to William R. Siebenschuh, Chair, 
at wrs2@case.edu. Other correspondence to William R. Siebenschuh, 
Chair, English Department, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, 
Ohio 44106. Applications will be accepted till the search is completed. 
Those received by November 15, 2007 will receive full consideration. 
Case Western Reserve University is committed to diversity and is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer. 
Applications from women 
and members of minority groups are particularly encouraged. 

Central Connecticut SU 

English, 1615 Stanley St New Britain CT 06050 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics (Phonology) #C08–031 175 

http://www.
english.ccsu.edu/ 

Teach courses in theoretical Linguistics (Phonology) and applied linguistics 
in TESOL MS and certification programs; includes possible supervision 
of pre-K-12 student teachers, other practica, and a course in second 
language composition. Other teaching responsibilities include undergraduate 
courses in introduction to linguistics, language acquisition, and 
languages of the world. Four-course teaching load per semester with the 
opportunity for release time for research. Further responsibilities include 
publication, participation in conferences, committee work, and advising. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in linguistics, primary specialization in phonological 
theory with a strong background in applied linguistics/TESOL. 


Send letter of application highlighting search number(s), CV, sample 
publications, transcripts, and 3 letters of recommendation to: Gilbert L. 
Gigliotti, English Department Chair, Central Connecticut State University, 
1615 Stanley Street, New Britain, CT 06050. Applications must be 
received by December 14, 2007. CCSU offers a competitive salary and 
excellent benefits. [R] 

Georgia C & SU 

English, Speech, & Journalism, Campus Box 044 Milledgeville GA 
31061 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 397 

http://www.
gcsu.edu/ 

The Department of English, Speech, & Journalism at Georgia College & 
State University seeks a specialist in Linguistics and the Growth of the 
English Language for an Assistant Professor, tenure track appointment. 
We seek a Ph.D. to teach undergraduate and graduate courses at a liberal 
arts university. Departmental needs include Linguistics, the History of 
the English Language, Old and Middle English Language and Literature, 
World Literature, and Composition. It is imperative that the successful 
candidate demonstrate the ability to teach a diverse student population. 
An interest in faculty/student 
collaboration, internationalization, and Interdisciplinary 
Studies would be an advantage. Excellence in teaching, 
scholarly activity, and university/community 
service are requirements for 
promotion and tenure. Send letter of application, vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and copies of transcripts for all degree-granting institutions 
(official copies required prior to appoi ntment) to Dr. Eustace Palmer, 
Search Chair, Department of English, Speech, & Journalism, CBX 044, 
Georgia College & State University, Milledgeville, GA 31061. For fullest 
consideration, applications should be postmarked by 1 Nov. 2007. Interviews 
at MLA. The finalist will be required to submit to a background 
investigation. GCSU is an EO/AA 
institution. [R] 

Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 216 

http://www.
msstate.edu/dept/
english 

Tenure-track position for assistant professor of linguistics to begin in fall 
2008, pending funding. PhD in linguistics (or in English with linguistics 
concentration) and college teaching experience required. Primary teaching 
responsibilities will include Introduction to Linguistics, Descriptive 
Grammar, History of the English Language, Language and Culture, Sociolinguistics, 
and possibly sophomore-level literature surveys. The successful 
candidate will carry a 2–2 teaching assignment in the first year, then 
a 3–2 assignment in subsequent years. Research interests are open. Publications 
and professional service are required for tenure and promotion. 
Members of Phi Beta Kappa honor society are encouraged to apply. Salary 
will be competitive. Affordable and comfortable faculty housing is usually 
available in the first two years of employment. Mississippi State University 
is a Carnegie Doctoral/Research-
Extensive institution with approximately 
16,000 students on th e main campus. To apply, please send a letter 
and cv by November 15, 2007, to Dr. Richard Raymond, Head, Department 
of English, Mississippi State University, Drawer E, Mississippi State, 
MS 39762. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Modern Language Association 

Bibliographical Information Services, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor New 
York NY 10004-1789 

Linguistics Indexer 683 

http://www.
mla.org 

Indexes, edits, and proofreads materials for the MLA International Bibliography. 
Takes responsibility for covering an extensive list of publications 
and assists in maintaining records on those publications. Advises on languages 
and linguistic terminology to be added to the thesaurus. 

Murray SU 

English & Philosophy, 7C Faculty Hall Murray KY 42071 

Assistant Professor, TESOL 232 

http://www.
murraystate.edu/chfa/
english/index.
htm 

Assistant Professor, Department of English & Philosophy, Murray State 
University. Full-time tenure track position to begin August 2008. Qualif 
ications: Ph.D. in TESOL, Applied Linguistics, or related degree by 
appointment date. Evidence of good teaching and scholarly potential required. 
Ability to teach online courses required. Experience in teacher 
training preferred. Responsibilities: Teach TESOL and linguistics courses 
in Master of Arts TESOL program. Application Deadline: December 7, 
2007. To Apply: Submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, academic 
transcripts, three recent letters of recommendation addressing the above 



qualif ications/responsibilities, 
and evaluations of teaching to: TESOL 
Search, Department of English and Philosophy, Murray State University, 
7C Faculty Hall, Murray, KY 42071-3341. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. Murray State University is an equal education and 
employment opportunity M/F/
D/, AA employer. 
[R] 

Northern Arizona U 

English, Po Box 6032 Flagstaff AZ 86011 

Assistant Professor of English in Applied Linguistics 964 

http://hr.
nau.edu/m/
content/view/
796/549/ 


The applied linguistics faculty in the English Department at Northern 
Arizona University anticipates inviting applications for a tenure-eligible 
assistant professor beginning in August, 2008 (pending funding). We seek 
a colleague whose primary research and teaching interests are in English 
as a second language learning and teaching, with an emphasis in oral proficiency 
preferred. Duties will include teaching courses in the MA-TESL 
program, the applied linguistics doctoral program, and the English undergraduate 
program. Duties will also include research, advising and mentoring, 
and department, university, and community service. For more 
information on this position or our programs see the NAU HR webpage 
and www.nau.edu/english. 


Minimum Qualifications: 

1. doctorate in applied linguistics or related field, in hand at time of appointment 


2. experience teaching ESL/EFL 


Preferred Qualifications 

1. clear, data-driven, empirical research agenda 

2. record of refereed pub lications in TESL/Applied 
Linguistics 

3. preferred areas of specialization include speaking and/or 
listening skill 
development, oral language assessment, pedagogically motivated analyses 
of spoken corpora, instructed SLA, computer-assisted language learning, 
or classroom-based research 

4. ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in TESL, listening/ 
speaking 
methodology, introductory linguistics 

5. ability to teach other courses to meet program needs, and to develop 
new courses in area of specialization 

6. ability to mentor graduate students 

7. university teaching experience 

8. experience with materials preparation, curriculum development, pro 
gram evaluation, and teacher training 

9. professional fluency in English 

10. commitment to working with diverse populations 

Northern Arizona University is an 20,000-student institution with its 
main campus in Flagstaff, a four-season community of about 57,000 at the 
base of the majestic San Francisco Peaks. NAUs emphasis on undergraduate 
education is enhanced by its graduate programs and research as well 
as distance learning. The university is committed to a diverse and civil 
working and learning environment. 

Northern Arizona University requires satisfactory results for the following: 
a criminal background investigation, an employment history verification 
and a degree verification (in some cases) prior to employment. You 
may also be required to complete a fingerprint background check. 

This position will be open until filled or closed. Review of applications 
will begin on October 22, 2007. 

Submit the following materials to Professor Joan Jamieson, Chair of Applied 
Linguistics Search Committee, English Department, Northern Arizona 
University, Flagstaff, AZ 86011-6032, USA. 

1. letter of application & CV 

2. list of courses taught (titles, levels, and locations) 

3. sample publications 

4. complete set of graduate school transcripts 

5. three reference letters addressing qualifications for the position, sen t 
directly to the search committee 

Northern Arizona University is a committed Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative 
Action Institution. Women, minorities, veterans and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. NAU is responsive to the 
needs of dual career couples. 

Southern Illinois U, Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431, Peck Hall 3206 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Linguistics 435 

http://www.
siue.edu/ENGLISH 


Tenure-track position in general linguistics, with secondary specialization 
in applied linguistics. Expertise and interest in teaching phonology 
and/or 
morphology within TESL are highly desirable. Will teach in MA 
TESL program, plus undergraduate courses in linguistics, composition 
(ESL and regular). Desirable: record of ESL and TESL experience abroad. 
Academic year: 3/3 
load. Ph.D. in Linguistics, Applied Linguistics, or related 
field required. If Ph.D. is not completed by the beginning of the 
contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all degree 
requirements are fulfilled. Salary commensurate with experience and credentials. 
Position open until filled; completed applications postmarked by 
November 13, 2007 will have priority. Interviewing at LSA in January. 
Send cover letter, vita, unofficial transcript, statement of teaching philosophy, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Linguistics Search Committee, 
Department of English, Box 1431M, Sou thern Illinois University 
Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. AA/EEO 


SIUE is a state university; benefits under state-sponsored plans may not be 
available to holders of F1/J1 
visas. [R] 

U of Kansas 

English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd, 3116 Wescoe Hall Lawrence KS 66045 

Assistant Professor of English Language Studies 693 

http://www.
english.ku.edu 

Tenure-track; expected start date: August 18, 2008. Duties: Teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in language studies (including courses in 
history of the English language and modern English grammars), direct 
graduate students work in language studies, possibly teach undergraduate 
writing or introductory literature courses; research and write in English 
language specialty, leading to publication; actively contribute to the workings 
of the department and university community. 2–2 teaching assignment. 
Required qualifications: Specialization in English language studies; 
at least one year of successful teaching, preparation to teach beginning and 
advanced courses in specialty, and Ph.D. in English or a related field expected 
by start date of appointment. Preferred qualification: subspecialty 
in area especially relevant for the emphasis on written texts within English 
studies, including but not limited to discourse/text 
analysis, stylistics, 
historical socio-linguistics, or linguistic constructions of race, gender, 
sexuality, or class. Send letter of application, CV, and three recent letters 
of recommendation that evaluate scholarly potential and teaching to: 
Dorice Elliott, Chair, Department of English, 1445 Jayhawk Blvd., 3001 
Wescoe Hall, The University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS 66045-7590. Email 
contact: relliott@ku.edu. Applications must be postmarked by 1 November 
2007 to receive first consideration. EO/AA 
Employer. 
[R] 

U of North Carolina, Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant professor of Applied Linguistics/TESOL 
748 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

Full-time tenure-track assistant professor position, beginning August 
2008, in a growing, student-centered department and university 
with expanding TESOL programs. Doctorate in linguistics or TESOL re



quired; ABD applicants near completion considered. A 4/4 
teaching load 
including TESOL courses at undergraduate and graduate levels, undergraduate 
linguistics courses, and freshman composition. Since freshman 
composition will probably account for half of the teaching load, expertise 
in that area is desirable. Other especially attractive areas of interest and 
training include speech and foreign languages. Expectation of service/ 
scholarly 
activity. Rank and salary commensurate with credentials and 
experience. Send application letter, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and copy of transcripts to Dr. Kay McClanahan, Applied 
Linguistics Search Chair, Department of English, Theatre, & Languages, 
University of North Carolina at Pembroke, P.O. Box 1510, One U niversity 
Drive, Pembroke NC 28372-1510. For information about UNC 
Pembroke and the department, see the university website at www.uncp 
.edu. Consideration of candidates will begin November 1 and continue 
until position is filled, with interviews at MLA and/or 
LSA expected. 
AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of Washington 

English, PO Box 354330 A101 Padelford Hall Seattle WA 98195 

Assistant Professor-MATESOL/Applied 
Linguistics 452 

http://depts.
washington.edu/engl/ 


MATESOL/Applied 
Linguistics. The University of Washington English 
Department invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor position 
in TESOL/Applied 
Linguistics. The department offers a MATESOL 
Program as well as a doctoral track in Language and Rhetoric. Ph.D. 
is required by the date of appointment as is demonstrated excellence in 
teaching. All qualif ied candidates are encouraged to apply; however, 
we are particularly interested in active scholars with expertise in at least 
two of the following areas: globalization, language testing bilingualism/ 
multilingualism, 
second language writing, teaching methods, and critical 
applied linguistics. The successful candidate will be able to teach some 
or all of the following MATESOL courses: second language acquisition, 
teaching methods, testing and assessment, pedagogical grammar, research 
methods, and practicum. Supervising doctoral dissertations will also be 
an integral part of his/her 
responsibilities. Applicants should have a Ph.D. 
degree by the start of appointment. Candidates in the final stages of their 
Ph.D. program may be appointed on an acting basis. University of Washington 
faculty engage in teaching, research and service. The University 
of Washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. 
The 
English Department is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse 
and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working 
in a multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications from 
women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and other eligible veterans. 
Preference will be given to applications received by November 9. 

Send letter of application and cv to: Gary Handwerk, Chair, University of 
Washington, Department of English, Box 354330, A101 Padelford Hall, 
Seattle, Washington 98195 [R] 

U of Wisconsin, La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Linguistics 531 

http://www.
uwlax.edu/vacancies 


The English Department at the University of Wisconsin La Crosse invites 
applicants for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Linguistics, beginning 
Fall 2008. We seek a new colleague who is an engaging teacher and 
scholar with a strong commitment to undergraduate education. Primary 
upper level teaching responsibilities are in general linguistics, modern 
grammars, and history of language, as well as regular assignments in General 
Education courses and Freshman writing. Desirable secondary areas 
of expertise include developmental writing, ESL and TESOL, multicultural 
linguistics, Asian and Asian-American language, literature, and culture, 
multicultural English education, including childrens and adolescent 
literature, language studies for teacher education, and disability studies, 
disability culture, and deaf studies. The UW-L English Department has 
a strong commitment to multicultural and international education and 
is currently developing a degree partnership with a Ch inese university. 
Opportunities exist for curriculum development and reform in these and 
other areas related to linguistics and to secondary area(s) of expertise. 

A PhD in Linguistics, or English with a strong concentration in linguistics, 
in hand by August 25, 2008, is required, as well as a strong record of 
undergraduate teaching, including Freshman writing. Teaching load is 4/ 
4. 
We offer a very competitive salary and excellent benefits. 

The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is one of 13 four-year campuses 
in the University of Wisconsin System, with around 9,000 students enrolled 
in a variety of liberal arts and professional programs. 

La Crosse (pop. 51,000) is regularly ranked as one of the best small metropolitan 
communities in the U.S. The city is set among scenic bluffs along 
the Mississippi River at the Minnesota/Wisconsin 
border, within easy 
driving distance to Minneapolis, Chicago, Milwaukee, and Madison. 

As an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer, 
The University of 
Wisconsin La Crosse is engaged in an effort to be a leader in Wisconsins 
movement toward increased diversity and inclusiveness. Women, persons 
of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to apply. If you 
have a special need or accommodation to assist in your participation in the 
hiring process please contact Dr. Richard Sullivan at (608) 785-8295 to 
make appropriate arrangements. To learn more about the English Department 
visit http://www.
uwlax.edu/english. 
To learn more about the position 
and the university, visit http://www.
uwlax.edu/vacancies 
. 

To apply, send a letter of application, a current vita, official transcripts, 
and three current letters of recommendation to Dr. Richard Sullivan, 
Chair, English Department, University of Wisconsin La Crosse, 1725 
State Street, La Crosse, Wisconsin, 54601. All application materials must 
be received no later than November 16, 2007. Initial interviews at the 
Chicago MLA. 

Employment will require a criminal background check. A pending criminal 
charge or conviction will not necessarily disqualify an applicant. In 
compliance with the Wisconsin Fair Employment Act, UW-La Crosse 
does not discriminate on the basis of arrest or conviction record. [R] 

U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire 

English, PO Box 4004 Eau Claire WI 54702 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 399 

http://www.
uwec.edu 

Tenure-track position teaching courses in linguistics and English language 
studies; appointment begins August 18, 2008. Required qualifications: 
Ph.D. in linguistics, English, or related field with dissertation focus 
on a linguistics topic; ABD candidates must complete all requirements 
for doctoral degree by January 1, 2009. Strong assets: solid foundation in 
multiple areas of linguistics; commitment to undergraduate education; 
demonstrated ability to teach composition and other courses at the college 
level; evidence of strong scholarship or scholarly potential. To ensure 
consideration, submit application letter, vita, and graduate transcripts 
postmarked by 2 November 2007 to Jack Bushnell, Department Chair, 
ATTN: Linguistics Search. Screening may continue beyond that date as 
necessary until position is filled. Applications will be acknowledged by 
letter. Preliminary interviews for this position will be conducted by telephone 
or in person at the Linguistic Society o f America or MLA conventions. 
We reserve the right to contact additional references at our 
discretion at the appropriate time in the process. According to state law, 
names of finalists will be released upon request. UW-Eau Claire is a regional 
comprehensive university with an established reputation for academic 
excellence. Members of the English Department teach composition 
every semester in addition to general and specialized courses at the undergraduate 
or graduate level; typical semester load is 3 courses (equivalent to 
12 credits). Additional information is available at http://www.
uwec.edu/ 
English. 
UW-Eau Claire is an AA/EEO 
employer 
dedicated to e nhancing 
diversity; applications from women, minorities, and persons with disabilities 
are encouraged. [R] 



Nonaca demic Listings 

Andrew W Mellon Foundation 

Human Resources, 140 East 62nd Street New York NY 10065 

Associate Program Officer-Scholarly Communications Program 440 

http://www.
mellon.org 

The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation is a not-for-profit organization that 
makes grants in the areas of higher education and scholarship, arts and 
culture, public affairs, and conservation and the environment. The Foundation 
is an equal opportunity employer 
that offers a competitive salary, 
outstanding benefits, and excellent working conditions. 

The Foundations Scholarly Communications Program provides support 
for the creation, cataloging, dissemination, and preservation of scholarly 
resources necessary for teaching, learning, and research in higher education, 
particularly in the humanities and humanistic social sciences. The 
Associate Program Officer will work primarily with, and under the supervision 
of, the Foundations senior Program Officer in Scholarly Communications. 
Responsibilities of the Associate Program officer include: 

• interacting with presidents, provosts, deans, scholars, librarians and archivists, 
technologists, publishers, consortia directors and others who seek 
or receive support from the Scholarly Communications program; 

• offering guidance to potential grantees in the development of proposals 
to the foundation, and participating in the programs evaluation of 
proposals; 


• preparing grant recommendations, essays and reports for the foundations 
Board of Trustees and participating in Board meetings, as needed; 

• responding to reports from grantees, and tracking and evaluating the 
progress of foundation-supported programs; 

• managing program budgets, and analyzing proposal budgets, grant expenditure 
reports, and financial statements; 

• working with colleagues and experts in the field of scholarly communication 
to conceive, define, and organize new grantmaking programs; 

• keeping abreast of developments in higher education and scholarly communications 
as they affect and guide programmatic objectives; 

• traveling to supported institutions to observe sponsored activities and attending 
professional meetings as appropriate; 

• helping to maintain a lean, collegial and effective work environment at 
the foundation and assuming other programmatic responsibilities as called 
upon; 

Qualifications for the position include: 

• previous experience in higher education, preferably including library 
experience; an understanding of the roles of publishers, libraries, museums, 
and archives; and deep interest in building long-term capacities for 
scholarly communications in the research universities, liberal arts colleges, 
and other institutions that the Foundation; 

• personal initiative, strong oral and written communication skills, excellent 
analytical and organizational abilities, attention to detail, and facility 
with online communication and data-management systems; 

• an advanced academic degree (Ph.D or equivalent) in the humanities or 
humanistic social sciences. 

Qualified candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and salary requirements 
by October 1, 2007 to Oscar De La Cruz, Human Resources 
Manager; The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, 140 E. 62nd Street; New 
York, NY 10065; electronic submissions are welcome and should be addressed 
to: APOScholCom@mellon.org [R] 

U of Georgia 

Editor of the Georgia Review, c/o 
Human Resources, Executive and 
Faculty Search Group 215 S. Jackson St. Athens GA 30602 

Editor of the Georgia Review 339 

http://www.
uga.edu 

Applications and nominations are invited for the position of Editor of The 
Georgia Review. 

Founded in 1947, The Georgia Review is one of America’s premier journals 
of arts and letters, publishing some of the best poetry, fiction, and art 
being created today, along with a rich blend of interdisciplinary essays and 
book reviews. 

The Editor reports to the Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and 
Provost at the University of Georgia and works with a seven-member faculty 
editorial board and a group of advisory and contributing editors. The 
staff consists of six full-time employees and a half-time graduate research 
assistant. 

Please visit the The Georgia Review web site at <http://www.
uga.edu/ 
garev>. 


Applications should include letter, curriculum vita, and a list of at least 
three professional references. Applications received by October 26, 2007 
are assured of full consideration. 

Email submissions with attachments are preferred. Please send to: executivesearch.
edu 

In lieu of email submission, written application materials may be directed 
to: Search Committee, Editor of The Georgia Review, University of 
Georgia, Human Resources, C/o 
Executive and Faculty Search Group, 
215 S. Jackson Street, Athens, GA 30602 

For a complete position description, deadlines, and contact information 
please visit our website at: <http://www.
hr.uga.edu/editor-
ga-rev.pdf> 

The University of Georgia is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action, 
ADA employer, 
encouraging excellence through diversity [R] 

Postdoctoral Listings 

Brandeis U 

English & Amer Lit, PO Box 549110, 415 South St Waltham MA 02454 

Digital Humanities Fellowship 649 

http://www.
brandeis.edu/departments/
english/ 

Brandeis University invites applications for a two-year, non-renewable 
Florence Levy Kay Fellowship in Digital Humanities, beginning Fall 
2008. This interdisciplinary appointment will be in the Department of 
English and American Literature and in another department or program, 
which will depend on the background of the candidate but which could 
include such possibilities as another literature department, Film Studies, 
Women’s and Gender Studies, or International and Global Studies. The 
Fellow, who will be appointed as a faculty member at the rank of lecturer, 
will actively pursue his or her own research interests and teach one course 
per semester. Ph.D. must be in hand by September 2008. We are particularly 
interested in candidates with expertise in any one or any combination 
of the following fields: the digital humanities and (i) the history of 
consciousness; (ii) print culture and the history of the book; (iii) globalization; 
(iv) film and/or 
photography; (v) the construction of class, racial, 
sexual, and gender identities. 

Send letter of interest, CV, brief description of research project, and three 
letters of recommendation to Paul Morrison, Search Committee, English 
Department MS 023, Brandeis University, Waltham, MA 02454- 
9110. Brandeis University is an equal opportunity employer, 
committed 
to building a culturally diverse intellectual community, and strongly encourages 
applications from women and minority candidates. Applications 
must be received by Thursday, November 1, 2007. [R] 



Brown U 

Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women, Box 1958 
Providence RI 02912 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 230 

http://www.
pembrokecenter.org 

In 2008–09, the Pembroke Center is awarding residential postdoctoral 
fellowships to scholars from any field whose research relates to the theme 
of Visions of Nature: Constructing the Cultural Other. See www.pembrokecenter.
org for full description. Fellows are required to participate in 
a weekly research seminar; no teaching required. 

Candidates are selected on the basis of their scholarly potential and the 
relevance of their work to the research theme. Recipients must have a 
Ph.D. or M.F.A. and may not hold a tenured position. Brown University 
is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
The Center strongly encourages underrepresented 
minority scholars to apply. 

The term of appointment is September 1, 2008-May 31, 2009. The stipend 
is $40,000, plus a supplement for health insurance, unless otherwise 
covered. For application forms contact Donna_Goodnow@Brown.edu or 
Box 1958, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912. The deadline for 
applications is December 7, 2007. Selections will be announced in March. 

Columbia U 

Committee on Global Thought, 2960 Broadway MC 5780 New York 
NY 10027 

Post-Doctoral Fellow 193 

http://www.
columbia.edu/cu/
globalthought/ 

The Committee on Global Thought at Columbia University in New 
York City seeks Post-doctoral Fellows for the academic year 2008–2009. 
The goal of the Committee is to provide a space for cross-disciplinary, 
transnational, and otherwise expansive exploration of the world, including 
processes of globalization, comparisons past and present, and pressing 
contemporary issues. The Committee welcomes applicants from all 
disciplines, and seeks a mix of fellows from the sciences, social sciences, 
and humanities to help create a new agenda for global thinking and action. 
The broad range of topics being considered under the purview of the 
Committee on Global Thought include: Secularism and Diversity, Global 
Governance, Poverty and Inequality, and Global Cities. 

Fellows will be expected to teach or assist with one undergraduate or 
graduate course as well as to plan and participate in symposia and other 
activities of the Committee. The remaining half of the Fellow’s time will 
be devoted to individual research. Salaries will be competitive. 

Please send three (3) copies of each: a CV, a letter explaining research 
interests and plans for research and writing during your tenure with the 
Committee, and a paper or other suitable evidence of scholarship. Three 
letters of reference, in sealed envelopes, should be enclosed within the application. 
All materials may be sent to: 

Committee on Global Thought, Columbia University, Heyman Center, 
East Campus, 2960 Broadway MC 5780, New York, NY 10027, Attn: 
Post-doctoral Search 

Final deadline is January 15th, 2008. 

For additional information please email cgtmail@columbia.edu 

NO APPLICATIONS or REFERENCE LETTERS WILL BE 
ACCEPTED 
VIA EMAIL. 

Duke U 

University Writing Program, Box 90025, 113 Art Building Durham 
NC 27708 

University Writing Program Fellows 502 

http://uwp.
aas.duke.edu 

We anticipate offering several postdoctoral fellowships on an interdisciplinary 
faculty charged with teaching an innovative first-year course in 
Academic Writing. We seek candidates with a PhD in any f ield and a 
demonstrated commitment to undergraduate teaching. Fellows are asked 
to draw on their disciplinary training and interests to design a seminarstyle 
course introducing students to academic writing. To apply, please 
send a CV, a letter in which you discuss your aims in teaching Academic 
Writing, and a brief proposal for a writing seminar modeled on the course 
synopses posted at http://fds.
duke.edu/db/
aas/UWP/
courses.html. We 
may subsequently ask you to provide other supporting materials, including 
a more detailed course outline, teaching materials, and letters of 
reference. Appointment is at the level of Lecturing Fellow (non-tenuretrack), 
starting July 1, 2008. Teaching load is five sections of Academic 
Wri ting per year, with each section limited to 12 students. Starting salary 
in 2008–09 will be $40,000, with strong opportunities for professional 
development. Contract is for an initial three years, renewable after 
successful review for two more years. Deadline for applications is Friday, 
November 2, 2007. Please use our online application form at http://uwp. 
aas.duke.edu/fellowship/
to send us your CV and materials. If you are unable 
to apply online, you may mail hard copies to Joseph Harris, Chair, 
Fellows Search, University Writing Program, Duke University, Box 
90025, Durham, NC 27708-0025. Duke is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Kenyon C 

Office of the Associate Provost, Edelstein House Gambier OH 43028 

Marilyn Yarbrough Dissertation/Teaching 
Fellowship 62 

http://www.
kenyon.edu/x27112.
xml 

Kenyon College announces a competition for the Marilyn Yarbrough 
Dissertation/Teaching 
Fellowship. This fellowship is intended for members 
of underrepresented groups (e.g., ethnic minorities; women in fields 
that attract mostly men, or men in fields that attract mostly women; and 
persons who are first-generation college attendees). Those eligible to apply 
include individuals who are enrolled in a research-based Ph/D. 
program; 
individuals who aspire to a teaching and research career; and persons who 
have not yet earned a doctoral degree at any time and in any field. 

Kenyon College located on an idyllic campus in rural central Ohio (about 
50 miles NE of Columbus) enrolls approximately 1500 students and is 
ranked in the top tier of national liberal arts colleges. Kenyon prides itself 
upon its reputation as an excellent teaching environment enriched by 
small classes, close contact with highly motivated and engaged students 
and an excellent faculty of dedicated teacher scholars. 

For more specific information regarding this fellowship and for application 
instructions please visit: http://provost.
kenyon.edu. To learn more 
about Kenyon, visit: www.kenyon.edu. 

Review of applications will begin October 1, 2007 and continue until the 
position is filled. 

An EOE, Kenyon welcomes diversity and encourages the applications of 
women and minority candidates. [R] 

Princeton U 

University Center for Human Values, 10 Joseph Henry House 
Princeton NJ 08544 

2008–09 Laurance S. Rockefeller Fellowships, Princeton University 54 

http://www.
princeton.edu/~uchv/ 

The University Center for Human Values invites applications from all 
disciplines for Laurance S. Rockefeller Visiting Fellowships. These fellowships 
will be awarded for the academic year 2008–09 to outstanding 
scholars and teachers interested in devoting a year in residence at Princeton 
writing about ethics and human values. A central activity for the fellows is 
participation with center faculty members in a Fellows Seminar to discuss 
work in progress. Fellows are also invited to participate in other activities, 
including seminars, colloquia, and public lectures. Fellows enjoy access to 
Firestone Library and to a wide range of activities throughout the Uni



versity. Applicants typically have a doctorate or a professional 
postgraduate 
degree and cannot be in the process of writing a dissertation. 

Fellows normally receive stipends of up to one-half their academic year 
salaries (not exceeding a maximum stipend set each fall) for the fellowship 
period, which extends from September 1 to July 1. The fellows home institutions 
are expected to provide at least half of their salaries in addition 
to all benefits. A selection committee of University Center for Human 
Values faculty evaluates applicants on the basis of: 

The significance of their proposed research and its relevance to the purposes 
of the center; 

The quality of their previous research and their ability to benefit from the 
activities of the center; 

The contribution they are likely to make to higher education in the future 
through teaching and writing about ethics and human values. 

For some fellowships preference may be given to applicants with research 
interests in the broad area of the Democracy and Human Values Project; 
see www.princeton.edu/~uchv/dhvp.
html. 

How to apply: 

For fellowships beginning in September 2008, applicants must submit all 
of the following to be received by November 1, 2007: 

A curriculum vitae; 

A scholarly paper written in the past three years; 

A statement (no more than 1,500 words) describing the proposed research 
project; 

Three letters of reference (at least one from someone who was not a dissertation 
supervisor) sent directly to the University Center for Human 
Values by November 1, 2007 

A confidential statement on a separate sheet that indicates the applicants 
salary for the current academic year, what financial support their home 
institution and other sources are likely to provide, and what support they 
are likely to need from the center. This confidential information will not 
be presented to the faculty committee. 

All materials, including letters of reference, must be received by November 
1, 2007. The Selection Committee begins reviewing applications immediately, 
and incomplete applications may be at a disadvantage. 

To submit application materials, please visit our online application form 
at http://www.
princeton.edu/~uchv/Application. 
Application materials 
must be submitted online. 

Applicants with outstanding teaching records may wish to consider applying 
also for the Laurance S. Rockefeller Visiting Professor for Distinguished 
Teaching. The position comes with full salary and involves 
teaching one lecture course. For more information, please visit our website: 
http://www.
princeton.edu/~uchv/VPDT.
html 

Princeton University is an equal employment opportunity, affirmative action 
employee. 

For more information about applying to Princeton and how to self- 
identify, 
please link to http://web.
princeton.edu/sites/
dof/ApplicantsInfo 
.htm. 

Rice U 

CSWGS, 6100 Main St, MS-30 Houston TX 77005 

Postdoctoral Fellow 345 

http://cswgs.
rice.edu 

The Center for the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality at Rice University 
announces two postdoctoral fellowships in the humanities or social 
sciences for scholars pursuing research and publication projects that focus 
on gender and health; gender and urban studies; women in the global 
economy; poverty and capability studies; or sexuality studies. 

Ph.D. prior to appointment. Each fellowship has duration of two years 
beginning in August 2008. Recipients will teach two women’s studies 
courses per year and will play an active role in the intellectual life of the 
Center. Rice will provide a salary of $40,000 plus benefits. Rice University 
is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer. 


Please send letter of interest, curriculum vita, dossier with a minimum 
of three references, and a writing sample (about 25 pages) along with a 
course description and recommended reading list for one of these courses: 
SWGS 101 Introduction to the Study of Women, Gender & Sexuality or 
SWGS 201 Introduction to Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, & Transgender Studies. 
Course descriptions are listed at http://cswgs.
rice.edu. From the main 
page, click Undergraduate Major, then click Courses. 

Send materials to Postdoc Search Committee, Center for the Study of 
Women, Gender, and Sexuality MS-38, Rice University, P.O. Box 1892, 
Houston, TX 77251-1892. Postmark deadline for applications is Friday, 
November 30, 2007. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

College of Letters and Science, Office of the Dean of Humanities 2300 
Murphy Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Digital Humanities 597 

http://www.
digitalhumanities.ucla.edu 

The Division of Humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, 
will appoint one Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Digital Humanities 
for a 1-year term beginning in the fall of 2008. The Fellow must have 
earned a doctoral degree no earlier than January 2002 and no later than 
June 2008. The Mellon Fellowship provides a stipend of $50,000 a year, 
standard fringe benefits, a one-time moving allowance of $1,500, plus a 
small research budget of $1,000. The Fellow will be housed in a relevant 
home department for which he/she 
will teach two courses. The Fellow 
is required to be in residence and to participate in the monthly Mellon 
Seminar in Digital Humanities. For 2008–09, the theme is “Technologies 
of the Text” and explores, through attention to both “new” and “old” 
media, the tremendous range of technologies of access to, and preservation 
of, language and accompanying image and sound across the millennia. 


There is no application form. Applicants should send a cover letter, a description 
(no more than 1500 words) of the scholarly project relevant to the 
program, a CV, and three letters of recommendation by February 1, 2008, 
to: Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Digital Humanities, 2300 Murphy 
Hall, Box 951438, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1438. For more information, 
please visit our website: http://www.
digitalhumanities.ucla.edu 

UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
Women 
and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Chicago 

Society of Fellows, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637 

Collegiate Assistant Professor 93 

http://fellows.
uchicago.edu 

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows 

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows is now accepting applications 
for several four-year postdoctoral teaching appointments as Harper 
and Schmidt Fellows who hold the rank of Collegiate Assistant Professors 
in the Humanities Collegiate Division. The Fellows are members of the 
College Faculty whose primary responsibility is to teach in the general 
education program. In most years, Fellows teach two courses (usually of 
identical preparation) for each of three quarters. Each Fellow also has the 
opportunity to design an independent course and each is eligible for one 
quarter of research sabbatical in the third year of residence. The Fellowships 
are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization who 
will have completed all requirements for their Ph.D. degree no later than 
August 31, 2008. The annual salary for 2008–2009 will be $53,000. The 
effective date for these teaching appointments is Septembe r 1, 2008. 

To apply for these posit ions, please see our web site at ht tp:// 
fellows.
uchicago.
edu 

Applications must be received by October 15, 2007. 

AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 



U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Axton Fiction Fellow, University of Louisville, Fall 2008 826 

http://www.
louisville.edu/a-
s/english 


Writers who have received their terminal degree within the last f ive 
years in Creative Writing are invited to apply for an Axton Fellowship in 
Creative Writing. The purpose of these fellowships is to provide recent 
graduates with time to further their own work, to associate them with a 
distinguished faculty, and to allow them to contribute to a vibrant creative 
writing community. Two fellows, one in poetry and one in fiction, 
will be appointed for the academic years 2008–2009 and 2009–2010, and 
will be awarded a stipend and benefits. 

Each fellow will give a reading in the Axton reading series once during her or 
his tenure, will run one, two-day literary seminar, and will teach one course 
each semester. Of these courses, one will be of the fellows design, another 
will be on the teaching of creative writing, and the other two will be upper 
level creative writing or literature courses. The fellows will be expected to 
be in residence in Louisville during their fellowsh ip period. The fellowships 
will provide a stipend of $25,000 a year plus benefits for two years. 

Candidates for the fellowship should submit the following documents: a) 
a current CV; b) a one-page proposal for an undergraduate course; c) a 
writing sample-no more than 25 pages; and d) at least three letters of recommendation. 
Applications must be postmarked by November 2, 2007. 

Mail applications to: Axton Fellowships, Paul Griner, Director of Creative 
Writing, Department of English, Bingham Humanities 315, University of 
Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky, 40292 

The University of Louisville is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, 
Americans with Dis abilities Employer, 
committed to diversity and 
in that spirit, seeks applications from a broad variety of candidates. [R] 

Valparaiso U 

Lilly Fellows Program, Linwood House Valparaiso IN 46383 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 138 

http://www.
lillyfellows.org 

Valparaiso University, Valparaiso, IN 46383 

We offer three two-year postdoctoral teaching fellowships in the areas of 
Humanities and the Arts for 2008–2010 for scholars seriously considering 
academic vocations in church related institutions. Ph.D or equivalent 
terminal degree must have been received within 20 months up to and 
including August 2008. Fellows will teach seven courses over a two year 
period; engage in scholarship or creative work; participate in a two year 
colloquium; work with a VU faculty mentor; and interact with representatives 
from a national network of church related institutions. Faculty 
privileges; $44,000 stipend per year plus benefits, moving allowance, professional 
fund. For more information, contact the Lilly Fellows Program 
at 219-464-5317; or visit www.lillyfellows.org. Application deadline: December 
18, 2007. EOA/AA 


Washington U 

English, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130 

Modeling Interdisciplinary Inquiry: A Postdoctoral Program in the 
Humanities and Social Sciences 27 

http://artsci.
wustl.edu/~szwicker/Mellon_
Postdoctoral_Program.html 

Washington University announces the eight year of Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry, an Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship 
Program designed to encourage interdisciplinary scholarship and 
teaching across the humanities and social sciences. We invite applications 
from recent Ph.D.s for the positions as Fellow. In September 2008, the 
selected Fellows will join our continuing Fellow in order to participate 
in the Universitys ongoing interdisciplinary programs and seminars. The 
Fellows will receive a two year appointment with a stipend beginning at 
$43,150 per year. Postdoctoral Fellows have an opportunity to plan and 
pursue their own continuing research in association with a senior faculty 
member at Washington University, and, over the course of their two-year 
appointment, to teach three undergraduate courses in their home discipline 
and to collaborate in an interdisciplinary theory and methods workshop. 

There is no application form, but further information on Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry is available on the web at http://www.
artsci.wustl 
.edu/~szwicker/Mellon_
Postdoctoral_Program.html. Applicants should 
submit a cover letter, a description of their research program (no more 
than three single-spaced pages), a brief proposal for the seminar in theory 
and methods, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation. 
All materials must be submitted in paper copy. 

Submit materials by December 1, 2007, to Steven Zwicker (szwicker@ 
artsci.wustl.edu) Department of English Washington University, Campus 
Box 1122 One Brookings Drive, St. Louis MO 63130 Washington University 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer. 
Employment 
eligibility verification requested upon hire. [R] 

Wesleyan U 

Ctr for the Humanities, Middletown CT 06459 

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship for 2008–2009 454 

http://www.
wesleyan.edu/chum 


AT WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY’S CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES, 
an institute devoted to advanced study and research. The stipend 
is $40,000. For information on the criteria of eligibility, the application 
procedure, and the Center’s theme for 2008–2009, visit the Center’s website: 
http://www.
wesleyan.edu/chum 
Completed applications must be received 
by November 1, 2007. 

Wesleyan U 

English, 294 High St Middletown CT 06459 

Postdoctoral Fellowship 132 

Center for the Americas 

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships, 2008–2009 

Wesleyan University invites applications for a fellowship in Latin American 
Studies. We seek a cultural anthropologist or interdisciplinary scholar 
whose research examines cultural productions in Latin America, with a 
preference for a focus on Brazil or the Caribbean. 

The fellowship carries limited teaching duties, and opportunities for 
scholarly research and professional development. Ph.D. must have been 
received before July 2008 and preferably since 2004. Annual stipend of 
$45,000, research/travel 
funds and health insurance. Renewable for a 
second year. Applicants must be citizens or permanent residents of the 
United States, or expect to pursue a teaching career in the United States. 
Deadline: December 4, 2007. Submit applications (CV, 3 letters of reference, 
and writing sample) to Director, Center for the Americas, Wesleyan 
University, 255 High Street, Middletown, CT 06459. Wesleyan University 
values diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 



