Modern Language Association 

J 

Job
Information 

List 

I 

L 

English Edition • february 2007 

Contents 

Accessing the Electronic JIL and Subscription Information .................................... inside front cover 

Information for Candidates ................................................................................................................... i 

List of Administrations Censured by the AAU P ................................................................................. ii 

Departmental Job Listings 

US Colleges and Universities................................................................................................................ 1 

Canadian Institutions.......................................................................................................................... 20 

Overseas Institutions........................................................................................................................... 21 

Department Chairs and Other Administration.................................................................................. 21 

Linguistics and ESL............................................................................................................................. 22 

Postdoctoral Listings........................................................................................................................... 23 

Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 

Subscription Information 

The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The cost of 
an online-only subscription is $38. The cost of a print-only subscription is $50 in the United States and Canada and 
$70 elsewhere. The cost of a subscription to both online and print versions is $70 in the United States and Canada 
and $90 elsewhere. The List is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to 
all other areas; delivery should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are 
projected dates only and are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 

February issue 15 February 2007
April issue 13 April 2007 

Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Information for Candidates 

In This Issue 

The February issue contains notices describing approximately 130 definite and possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by 
state, contains information on definite or possible vacancies and 
notices from departments that expect no vacancies but would 
nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this 
time. Send letters only to departments expressing an interest in a 
person with your qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies 
are expected but that the department would like to maintain a file 
of prospective candidates, you must decide in each case whether it 
is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main 
body of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, 
and other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement 
bureau to any department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate 
a one-page vita sheet to enclose with any letters of application or 
inquiry. In your letter of application, it is probably wise to express 
a willingness to be interviewed at the department’s convenience. 
Professional meetings provide a convenient opportunity for such 
interviews. 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys 
indicate that only about half of all English and foreign language 
departments have begun recruiting by the end of December and 
that the majority of departments do not complete the recruiting 
process until spring, in some cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind 
of institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount 
the small colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a 
wide selection of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives inform candidates 
before or during the interview about prospects for tenure in the 
specific position under consideration and about the tenure policies 
and practices in their departments and institutions. If the information 
is not offered, candidates are urged to inquire about 
these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for 
departments to acknowledge all applications for announced positions 
either by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by 
applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate 
Assembly in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive 
Council in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

 • Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants 
for the cost of such shipment; and 

 • Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples 
and other application materials from job applicants reimburse 
applicants for the cost of duplicating their writing samples 
and other materials; and 

 • Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 

 • Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations 
for the costs of travel and accommodations incurred when 
visiting the campus for interviews. 



ii ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2007 

List of Administrations Censured 

by the American Association of University Professors 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors 
of the administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as 
evidenced by a past violation, they are not observing the generally recognized 
principles of academic freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, 
the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and 
more than 150 other professional and educational organizations. The 
1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom and Tenure may be found 
in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of informing Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote 
of the Association’s Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure 
is visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but 
specifically upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes 
the administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. 
This censure does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership 
in the Association, nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the 
institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, 
in order to indicate their support of the principles violated, 
to refrain 
from accepting appointment to an institution so long as it remains on 
the censure list. Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the 
Association does not assert that such an unqualified obligation exists 
for its members; it does urge that, before accepting appointments, they 
seek information on present conditions of academic freedom and tenure 
from the Association’s Washington office and prospective departmental 
colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, 
possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed 
below. Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe 
citations in parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be 
made to “Developments Relating to Censure by the Association” and 
to the “Report of Committee A,” each of which appears annually in 
Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . 1963 

Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . 1969 

Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . 1975 

Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . 1976 

State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . 1978 

Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . 1978 

Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . 1980 

Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186–95) . 1982 

American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 
42–46) . 1983 

Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 
23a–32a) . 1984 

Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . 1986 

Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . 1987 

Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . 1987 

Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . 1988 

Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 
(May-June 1989, 35–45) . 1989 

The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . 1990 

Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . 1992 

Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . 1992 

Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46–53) . 1993 

North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54–64) . 1993 

Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . 1993 

University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . 1994 

Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . 1994 

Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . 1995 

Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . 1995 

St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . 1996 

National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 
41–46) . 1996 

Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . 1997 

Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . 1997 

Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . 1998 

University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . 1998 

Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . 1998 

Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . 1999 

Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut)
( January-February 2000, 54–
63) . 2000 

Charleston Southern University ( January-February 2001, 63–77) . 2001 

University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . 2002 

Tiffin University (Ohio) ( January-February 2002, 53–63) . 2002 

Philander Smith College (Arkansas) ( January-February 2004, 57–68) . 2004 

Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . 2005 

University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . 2005 

Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 
2004, 56–78) . 2005 

New Mexico Highlands University . 2006 



February 2007 

Departmental Job Listings 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

Alabama 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Ctr Auburn University AL 36849 

Instructor in English 2331 

http://www.
auburn.edu/english 


The Department of English at Auburn University anticipates making several 
Instructorship appointments for the 2007–2008 academic year, with 
a starting date of August 16th. These are one-year full-time appointments 
that may be renewed by mutual agreement for up to four additional years. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Minimum qualifications include a Masters or PhD in English or related 
humanities field, broad literary training, a record of successful teaching 
of college-level composition, sophomore literature, and/or 
business and 
technical writing, and interest in teaching both writing and world literature. 
The candidates selected for the positions must be able to meet 
eligibility requirements for work in the United States and be able to communicate 
effectively in English. 

Full-time Instructors teach seven courses over two semesters, typically 
4–3. Typically, the courses are 3-hr. core curriculum courses in freshman 
composition and world literature; qualif ied Instructors may also teach 
courses in business writing and/or 
technical writing. The starting salary is 
$32,000 (PhD), $31,000 (ABD), or $29,000 (Masters); there is a possibility 
of summer teaching in addition. Full-time Instructors are eligible for 
benefits, including health insurance. 

With approximately 23,500 students, Auburn University is the largest 
comprehensive research university in Alabama. It is located in a small, 
attractive college town in the east central part of the state, conveniently 
near Montgomery, Birmingham, and Atlanta. The Department of English, 
which is the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers the BA, 
MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Commuunication), 
and PhD. Additional information is available on the department’s web site 
at www.auburn.edu/english. 


Send letter of application and vita to George Crandell, Head, Department 
of English, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849. Applications will be 
accepted until the positions are filled; applications will be acknowledged 
by a department letter. Review of applications will begin February 1, 
2007. Auburn University is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
[R] 

Jacksonville SU 

English, 700 Pelham Rd N Jacksonville AL 36265 

Assistant Professor of English 2159 

http://www.
jsu.edu 

Duties: responsible for teaching speech, composition, and literature according 
to department practice and policy. Qualifications: Ph.D. with 
specialization in Restoration and 18th-century 
English literature. Rank 
and salary contingent upon qualifications, experience, and needs of university. 
If this tenure-track position is not filled as tenure-track, applicants 
may be considered for a temporary or visiting position for one year. Send 
application (available on our web site at www.jsu.edu), resume, copies of 
transcripts, and names/addresses/
phone numbers of at least three references 
to Jacksonville State University, Human Resources, 700 Pelham 
Road North, Jacksonville, AL 36265. Applicants selected for an interview 
will be required to supply official transcripts and current letters of 
reference. Minority applicants are encouraged to apply. Reference number 
20040. An EE/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Instructor 2323 

http://www.
ua.edu/english 


The English Department at The University of Alabama will hire several 
full-time non-tenure track instructors for appointments of up to three 
years (annual renewal based upon satisfactory performance, review, need, 
and funding). 

Minimum qualif ications: MA in English; exper ience in teaching 
composition. 


Preferred qualifications: Ph.D. in English or MFA in Creative Writing; 
experience in basic writing, advanced composition, literature surveys, 
writing centers, technical writing, or learning communities. 

Position begins August 16, 2007. 

To apply: send a letter of application, CV, copies of teaching evaluations 
and dossier (including transcripts and recommendations) to Patti White, 
Chair, Department of English, Box 870244, The University of Alabama, 
Tuscaloosa, AL 35487. Deadline: Submit applications before March 5, 
2007 for best consideration; screening will continue until all positions are 
filled. The University of Alabama is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer 

U of North Alabama 

English, Box 5050 Florence AL 35632 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English and Writing Center Director 2219 

http://www.
una.edu 

The University of North Alabama is accepting applications for the position 
of tenure-track assistant or associate professor in the Department of 
English starting August 2007. A doctorate in English is required for tenure-
track appointment; ABD considered for temporary appointment at instructor 
rank, pending completion of doctorate by August 2008. Primary 
responsibilities will be as director of the University Writing Center, with 
some opportunity for teaching first-year composition or developmental 
writing courses. Responsibilities will include training and supervising 
peer tutors, developing WAC workshops for faculty, and coordinating 
programs with student developmental services. The successful candidate 
is expected to demonstrate excellence in planning and organizing skills 
and proficiency using Microsoft Office. Classroom teaching and tutoring 



ENGLISH EDITION • FEBRUARY 2007 

experience are desired. Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, statement 
of research and teaching interests, graduate and undergraduate transcripts 
(official transcripts needed before hiring) and three letters of reference to 
Director of Human Resources and Affirmative Action, UNA Box 5043, 
University of North Alabama, Florence, AL 35632-0001. Review of applications 
will begin immediately. Visit our web site at www2.una.edu/ 
english/. 
UNA is an equal opportunity employer 
committed to achieving 
excellence and strength through diversity. UNA seeks a wide range of applicants 
for this position so that one of our core values, ethnic and cultural 
diversity, will be affirmed. [R] 

Arizona 

U of Arizona 

English, PO Box 210067 1423 E University Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Rhetoric, Composition, and the 
Teaching of English 1897 

http://www.
arizona.edu/ 

The Department of English at the University of Arizona invites nominations 
and applications. A PhD in rhetoric and composition or a related 
field is required. Specialization is open. As a program, we share a commitment 
to engaged teaching, grounded research, and reflective service. 
We are seeking to expand our established collaborations with underrepresented 
cultures and under-served constituencies, and so we welcome 
candidates with experience and interest in working with diverse students, 
colleagues, and communities. We are especially interested in candidates 
who can contribute to a college-wide initiative in border studies. The salary 
for the position is competitive and commensurate with credentials and 
experience. Position to begin August 2007. 

For full details and the online application, see posting at https://www 
.uacareertrack.com. Complete simple on-line faculty application citing 
job #36510. Include letter of application, curriculum vitae, statement of 
teaching philosophy, and a representative chapter or article in the online 
application. Please have at least three letters of reference sent to Professor 
Thomas Miller, Chair, RCTE Search Committee, Department of English, 
P.O. Box 210067, Modern Languages Building 445, University of 
Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721-0067. Review of complete applications begins 
December 1, and continues until the position is filled. Phone interviews 
will be held in lieu of MLA interviews. For more information on 
the department and the program, go to http://web.
arizona.edu/~english/ 

The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA 
Employer-
M/W/
D/V 
[R] 

U of Arizona 

English, PO Box 210067 1423 E University Blvd Tucson AZ 85721 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Creative Nonfiction 1899 

http://www.
arizona.edu/ 

The Department of English at the University of Arizona invites nominations 
and applications. We are seeking a dynamic writer and teacher with 
a commitment to diversity who will work with graduate and undergraduate 
programs. A secondary expertise in fiction or poetry and the ability to 
contribute to the College of Humanities emphasis on Border Studies in a 
regional or global context would be welcome. The program is committed 
to increasing the diversity of its faculty and strongly encourages applications 
from women and minorities. Salary is competitive and commensurate 
with credentials and experience. Position to begin August 2007. For 
full details and online application, see posting at https://www.uacareertrack.
com for job number 36551. Include letter of application, c.v., and 
writing sample with the online application. Please have three letters of recommendation 
sent to Professor Alison Hawthorne Deming, Chair, CW 
Search Committee, Department of English, P.O. Box 210067, ML445, 
University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721-0067. Review of complete applications 
will begin November 15, 2006 and continue until the position 
is filled. For more information on the department and the program, go to 
http://web.
arizona.edu/~english/. 

The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA 
Employer 
M/W/
D/V 


Arkansas 

U of Central Arkansas 

Writing & Speech, Conway AR 72035 

Assistant Professor of Writing 2088 

http://www.
uca.edu/cfac/
wrsp/ 

The Department of Writing at the University of Central Arkansas announces 
the availability of three tenure-track positions beginning in the 
fall of 2007. Successful candidates will teach, research, advise, and provide 
leadership to an independent writing program. Candidates with specializations 
in one or more of the following are preferred: creative writing, 
digital rhetorics, linguistics, and technical communication; all writing 
faculty teach first year composition as well. PhD or MFA in hand by August 
2007. 

The department is housed in a new facility at the gateway of the university. 
Writing faculty teach upper and lower level courses in creative 
writing, linguistics, rhetoric, composition studies, and technical communication. 
The program contains writing majors and minors and linguistics 
minors. Additional information about the department and its programs 
may be obtained from the Universitys web site: www.uca.edu. Review 
of applications begins January 15, 2007 and continues until the position 
is filled. 

Submit letter of application, resume, graduate transcripts and current letters 
of recommendation to: Search Committee, Department of Writing, 
Thompson Hall 308, University of Central Arkansas, Conway, AR 72035 

California 

California SU, Chico 

English, 400 W. 1st Street Chico CA 95929 

Assistant Professor-Restoration and Eighteenth-Century 
British 
Literature (1660–1800) 918 

http://www.
csuchico.edu 

The minimum requirement for appointment to this position is an earned 
doctorate in English-at the time of appointment. Demonstrated excellence 
in teaching and a commitment to and evidence of research and publication. 
Scholarly interest in literature in the historical and social contexts 
is desirable. A familiarity with continental literature, Atlantic-community 
history, and feminist studies is welcome. Knowledge of and interest in 
working with Californias diverse student population. Review will begin 
December 1, 2006, and will continue until the position is filled. For full 
consideration applicants must submit a letter of application, dossier, and 
three letters of recommendation to Aiping Zhang, Chair, Department 
of English, CSU, Chico, CA 95929-0830. For more information about 
the university, college, and department, you may visit our Web site at: 
www.csuchico.edu/engl. 
California State University, Chico is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer 
and also only employs individuals lawfully authorized 
to work in the United States. 

U of California, Riverside 

University Writing Program, Office of the Chancellor 4148 
Hinderaker Hall Riverside CA 92521 

Director, University Writing Program 2309 

http://www.
ucr.edu/ 

The University of California, Riverside, seeks to hire an associate or 
full professor to develop and direct the University Writing Program. We 
are seeking a senior academic leader who will have overall responsibility 
for the promotion and development of campus writing programs. The 



MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 

successful 
candidate will hold a faculty appointment in the academic department 
of his or her discipline. The position is effective July 1, 2007. 

The successful candidate should have the necessary skills and experience 
to create and oversee a complex writing program. Responsibilities will 
include: working with writing faculty to design a writing-across-thedisciplines 
program; developing a comprehensive pedagogy and training 
program for graduate students and lecturers who teach writing; advising 
on computer-assisted instruction in the classroom; developing and overseeing 
a writing center that provides trained one-on-one tutoring, small 
writing workshops, and other support services for students across campus, 
including those students who have special difficulties writing in English. 
Experience with program assessment will be useful, for the Director will 
oversee an initial assessment project and subsequent periodic assessments 
of the writing program. Experience with grant-writing will also be useful. 
Ability to work with faculty in a wide range of science, social science, 
humanities, and arts disciplines is required. 

UCR has the most diverse student body of any in the UC system. Located 
sixty miles from Los Angeles and similar distance from the Orange 
County coast, UCR draws students who represent a cross-section of the 
states diverse population. The campus presently teaches over ten thousand 
students in as many as five hundred writing classes per year. The writing 
program is large and complex, with an annual instructional cost of more 
than three million dollars. The program includes ladder faculty, senior 
and part-time lecturers, and teaching assistants. The director will lead this 
diverse group and work to build a series of common goals and aspirations. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, description 
and elaboration of relevant experience, select publications, a brief statement 
on his/her 
vision on leading a successful writing program, and the 
names and addresses of at least three professional references to: Professor 
George E. Haggerty, Chair, University Writing Program Search Committee, 
c/o 
Felecia Wilson, University of California, Riverside, Offices of 
the Chancellor and Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost, 900 University 
Avenue, Hinderaker Hall, Room 4148, Riverside, CA 92521 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2006 and will continue 
until the position is filled [R] 

Connecticut 

U of Connecticut 

School of Business, 2100 Hillside Road Unit 1041 Storrs CT 06269 

Assistant Professor-in-Residence 2223 

http://www.
uconn.edu 

The University of Connecticut seeks applications for an Instructor-in- 
Residence/Assistant 
Professor-in-Residence for the School of Business 
Writing Center. This will be a one year, non tenure-track contract for the 
academic year 2007–08 for 9 credit hours per semester teaching load with 
no research or service obligations. Duties will include teaching multiple 
sections of the writing course and assisting with the writing center activities. 
The annual 9-month salary for this position will be $45,000. 

Candidates should have experience in business and professional communications 
at the college level. A graduate degree in English or Professional 
Writing is required (Masters degree required, Ph.D. preferred). Candidates 
who have not completed their Ph.D. requirements by August 22, 
2007 will be considered at the rank of Instructor. The University is seeking 
outstanding teachers who engage the students and have a strong commitment 
to excellence in teaching and learning. 

Review of applications will begin immediately. Submit a letter of interest, 
CV, and the names and contact information for three references to: 
Linda Klein, Associate Dean, University of Connecticut School of Business, 
2100 Hillside Road, Unit 1041, Storrs, CT 06269-1041. We encourage 
applications from under-represented groups, including minorities, 
women, and people with disabilities. (Search # 07A174) 

District of Columbia 

George Washington U 

English, 801 22 St NW, Rm 760 Washington DC 20052 

Assistant Professor of Medieval Literature 987 

http://www.
gwu.edu/~english 

For appointment beginning in the fall of 2007, we seek a tenure track, 
assistant professor. The position is open to a scholar of English medieval 
literature with comparative interests. 

The English Department of the George Washington University is a research-
active community of scholars who prize excellence in teaching, 
service, and publication. We have a growing research focus in medieval 
and early modern studies. The successful candidate for this position will 
teach graduate and undergraduate courses; advise students and perform 
other departmental and university service; and engage in high quality research 
and publication. 

Basic Qualifications: PhD by August 2007, evidence of strong scholarly 
potential as demonstrated by scholarly work in progress or publications 
in scholarly journals and demonstrated teaching skill as evidenced by 
teaching assessments. Preferred Qualifications: Applicants with research 
interests in any of the following will be given preference: racial, religious, 
cultural difference; colonial and postcolonial studies; trans-cultural 
contact and conflict; trade, travel, and exchange; nonnormative identities 
(queer, Other, animal, barbarian, hybrid); nations and nationalism; 
writing in the British archipelago from a non-Anglocentric point of view; 
periodization and time; England and the world; the complexities of identity 
in their relation to texts and writing. Application Procedure: To be 
considered, please submit a cover letter containing a statement of research 
and teaching interest along with a curriculum vitae to: Jeffrey J. Cohen, 
Chair, Department of English, George Washington University, Washington 
DC 20052. Only complete applications will be coonsidered. Review 
of all applications will begin on November 1, 2006, and will continue 
until the position is filled. The George Washington University is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


George Washington U 

English, 801 22 St NW, Rm 760 Washington DC 20052 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 992 

http://www.
gwu.edu/~english 

For appointment beginning in the fall of 2007, we seek a tenure track 
assistant or associate professor. The position is open to an active, wellpublished 
novelist, playwright, or poet who works with the Latino/a 
experience 
committed to teaching literary expression as an extension and 
critique of tradition and as a way of communicating in a global environment. 
Appointment rank will be based on experience and qualifications. 

The successful candidate will teach in an all-undergraduate Creative 
Writing program; may teach in the graduate program; will advise students 
and perform other departmental and university service; and will engage 
in high quality publication. The English Department of the George 
Washington University is a research-active community of scholars who 
prize excellence in teaching, service, and publication. Through this appointment 
we seek to deepen our strengths in minority literatures and to 
bolster an emerging, college-wide emphasis on Latino/a 
American literatures 
and cultures. 

Basic Qualifications: MFA or PhD by August 2007; notable publication 
dealing with the Latino/a 
experience in a forum appropriate to genre (poetry 
journal, scholarly journal, novel, and so forth); and excellent teaching 
skill as evidenced by teaching assessments. Preferred Qualifications: The 
ability to offer courses in Latino/a 
literature and an interest in current 
theory in Latino/a 
studies is preferred. Application Procedure: To be considered, 
please send a cover letter, sample of publications, and curriculum 
vitae to Jeffrey J. Cohen, Chair, Department of English, George Washington 
University, Washington DC 20052. Only complete applications will 
be considered. Review of all appplications will begin on November 1, 



2006, and will continue until the position is filled. The George Washington 
University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


Florida 

Florida SU 

English, Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor: Film and the History of Media Technologies 2107 

http://www.
english.fsu.edu/ 

Department of English seeks a tenure-track assistant professor to help develop 
our curriculum in cinema studies. The ideal candidate will have 
research interests related to our growing graduate emphasis on the history 
of text technologies. A record of publication and a Ph.D in film studies or 
a related discipline are required. 2/2 
teaching assignment with one graduate 
course per year. Competitive salary. Letter, vita, dossier, and writing 
sample no longer than 30 pp. to Barry Faulk, Search Committee Chair, 
Department of English, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306- 
1580. Deadlines for applications: December 10 (MLA interviews), January 
31 (SCMS interviews). Search will remain open until the position is 
filled. 

AA/EOE 
employer. 
Minorities, persons with disabilities, and women encouraged 
to apply. A Public records agency. [R] 

Rollins C 

English, 1000 Holt Av, Campus Box 2666 Winter Park FL 32789 

Lecturer in English 1956 

http://www.
rollins.edu 

The Rollins College Department of English invites applications for a nontenure 
track position in teaching composition, pending an anticipated 
vacancy, beginning fall term 2007. Responsibilities include teaching six 
sections per year of first-year writing (or perhaps advanced expository 
writing) to traditional and non-traditional students. The successful candidate 
will have a record of teaching excellence in college composition and 
a willingness to work with the First-Year Writing team. Interest in teaching 
writing through/for 
new media a plus. Active participation in campus 
activities and college service also encouraged. MA or ABD in Rhetoric 
and Composition preferred; MA or ABD in related field will be considered. 
Length of appointment and renewal is flexible, determined by qualifications 
and performance. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until an appointment is made. 

Submit hardcopy letter of application and curriculum vita to: Coordinator, 
First-Year Writing Program, Department of English, Rollins College 
1000 Holt Ave.-2666, Winter Park, FL 32789-4499. 

Rollins College, one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in Florida, 
is a small (1,725 students), comprehensive, liberal arts college located 
in Winter Park, FL, that emphasizes innovative and quality teaching in 
small classes. Through its mission, Rollins College is firmly committed 
to creating a just community that embraces multiculturalism; persons of 
color and women are therefore encouraged to apply. 

Rollins C 

English, 1000 Holt Av, Campus Box 2666 Winter Park FL 32789 

Visiting Assistant Professor-Pre-1660 British Literature 2334 

http://www.
rollins.edu 

The Department of English at Rollins College invites applications for a 
one-year Visiting Assistant Professor of English, prepared to teach survey 
and other courses in pre-1660 British literature, during the 2007–2008 
academic year, beginning August 13, 2007. Preference for candidates with 
Ph.D. complete or expected by August 2007. Teaching six courses for the 
year to traditional and, possibly, non-traditional students, the successful 
candidate will have the opportunity to teach several British literature 
courses survey and topics (depending on the candidate’s special strengths) 
and two to three courses in first-year writing. 

To apply, send curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and 
statement of teaching philosophy to: Dr. Jill Jones, Search Committee 
Chair, Rollins College, 1000 Holt Ave-2672, Winter Park, FL, 32789, or 
by email to jjones@rollins.edu. Review of applications will begin at once 
and continue until the position is filled. 

Rollins College, one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in Florida, 
is a comprehensive, liberal arts college located in Winter Park, FL, 
a Metro Orlando community. The College emphasizes innovative and 
quality teaching in small classes, and consistently ranks among the top 
comprehensive institutions in the South. Through its mission, Rollins 
College is firmly committed to creating a just community that embraces 
multiculturalism; persons of color and women are therefore encouraged 
to apply. 

Georgia 

Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Senior position (advanced associate or full) 1901 

http://www.
gsu.edu/ 

Senior position (advanced associate or full) in postcolonial theory and 
Anglophone world literatures, for Fall 2007. Pending final budgetary approval. 
The candidate should have considerable scholarly prominence in 
such areas as transnational/global 
literary theories, diaspora studies, and 
emergent literatures. Literary fields should include one or more of the following: 
Asian and Pacific literatures, Indian subcontinental literatures, 
former Commonwealth literatures, Transatlantic literatures, British literatures 
of color. The person hired will be asked to develop and modify 
several courses at both the undergraduate and graduate levels in this field. 
Demonstrated commitment to scholarship, service, and teaching excellence 
required; teaching load 2/2 
(graduate and undergraduate classes) 
and strong research support. The Department encourages minority candidates 
to apply. Salary competitive. We will begin reviewing applications 
immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Send letter and 
cv only to Janet Gabler-Hover, Chair, New Appointments Committee, 
PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State University, Atlanta, 
GA 30302-3970. Interview at MLA. GSU is a unit of University System 
of Georgia and an AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Wesleyan C 

English, 4760 Forsyth Rd, PO Box 8167 Macon GA 31210 

Assistant Professor of English 2206 

http://www.
wesleyancollege.edu/news/
employment/index.
html 

Tenure-track position in English at Assistant Professor level, beginning 
fall 2007. Ph.D. in English required, with specialization in British literature 
before 1750 and world literature. The ideal candidate will also 
have interests in poetry and Womens Studies. Will teach courses in British 
literature, world literature, introduction to literature, and all levels of 
composition. Normal teaching load is seven or eight courses per academic 
year; position requires teaching in both the day and evening programs. 
The successful candidate will be expected to teach effectively, pursue a 
productive research program, advise students, and serve on committees. 
Send letter of interest, vita, transcripts, one-page statement of pedagogical 
goals and strategies along with three supporting documents, and three 
current letters of recommendation to Dr. Regina Oost, Chair, Department 
of English, Wesleyan College, 4760 Forsyth Rd., Macon, GA 
31210-4462. Review of applications will begin March 1. EOE/AA. 




Hawai‘i 

Brigham Young U-Hawai‘i 

English, 55–220 Kulanui St, Box 1901 Laie HI 96762 

Assistant Professor of English 2062 

http://www.
byuh.edu 

Full Time position teaching English at Brigham Young University- 
Hawai‘i. The applicant must have demonstrated quality teaching experience 
at the university level. Preference will be given to applicants holding 
a Ph.D. whose research area is in British Literature before 1800 and to 
those who have a successful record of teaching at institutions with a diverse 
international student body. Also considered will be applicants with 
teaching and research interests in one or more of the following areas: 
Rhetoric, Composition and Language Studies. BYU-Hawai‘i is sponsored 
by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Preference is 
given to members of the sponsoring church. 

For more information, visit the BYUH web site at www.byuh.edu. 

Illinois 

Bradley U 

English, 1501 W Bradley Av Peoria IL 61625 

Assistant Professor of English in English Eduation 2296 

http://www.
bradley.edu/humanresources 


The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at Assistant Professor rank beginning August, 2007. Candidates must have 
a specialty in methods of teaching secondary English/Language 
Arts. Required: 
Doctorate in hand by August 15, 2007; minimum of three years 
high school teaching experience in English/Language 
Arts; college-level 
teaching experience; demonstrated potential for publication; ability to 
teach composition and general education literature courses; ability to 
travel to local schools. For a full position description visit www.bradley 
.edu/humanresources 


Send letter of application, c.v. (including a list of courses taught and numbers 
of sections for each course), and dossier (including an unofficial transcript 
and at least two letters of recommendation that attest to successful 
teaching and potential for scholarly publication) to Timothy Conley, 
Chair, English Education Search Committee, Department of English, 
Bradley University, Peoria, IL 61625. Applications must be postmarked by 
March 1, 2007 for full consideration. Initial interviews at CCCC or via 
video conference. 

Bradley University is an Equal Opportunity and Aff irmative Action 
Employer. 
The administration, faculty and staff are committed to attracting 
qualified candidates from groups currently underrepresented on our 
campus. [R] 

Columbia C Chicago 

Columbia College, 600 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago IL 60605 

Lecturer 1765 

http://www.
colum.edu 

New Millennium Studies: The First-Year Seminar (NMS) is an integrative, 
foundational course required of all Columbia College Chicago firstyear 
students; it will be fully implemented for the 2008–09 academic year. 
A signature course for the College, it is fully interdisciplinary in its curriculum, 
faculty, and pedagogy. Through a series of carefully framed thematic 
questions and common texts, students and teachers move through 
four sequential units: beginning with reflections about the familiar (their 
families, neighborhoods, communities, and Chicago); through engagement 
with familiar moral and ethical choices within unfamiliar cultures; 
and into explorations of why art matters within society and how art mediates 
between identities and cultures. Students are assessed primarily 
through their New Millennium Studies portfolio, which is assembled over 
the course of the semester. Each portfolio contains projects that respond 
to the core questions and texts of each unit, as well as short Artist’s Statements 
that reflect on the creative process and demonstrate each piece’s engagement 
with the key questions of the curriculum. 

The New Millennium Studies Teaching Academy is an ongoing forum that 
brings together past, current, and future NMS faculty. The Teaching Academy 
prepares and supports NMS faculty, allowing faculty from disparate 
disciplines to develop and share effective methods of teaching, learning, 
and thinking. The Academy also provides the opportunity for NMS faculty 
to formulate and implement pedagogical and curricular innovations. 

Position Description 

A Lecturer in New Millennium Studies will teach four courses per semester; 
if possible, one section each semester wiill be in a Columbia 
department other than NMS. When appropriate, Lecturers will serve a 
leadership role in the NMS Teaching Academy, serving as an advocate 
for NMS at Columbia, locally, and nationally and aiding in designing and 
delivering professional development opportunities for NMS faculty. This 
is a one-year position renewable for up to five years. 

Qualifications 

• Master’s degree in an area taught at Columbia required, preferably in 
Media Arts or Fine and Performing Arts; terminal degree preferred; 

• A record of excellence in undergraduate teaching, including courses for 
first-year students; 

• Understanding of and commitment to the mission of Columbia College 
and the principles of liberal education; 

• Excellent communication skills, written and oral, and a gift for listening; 


• Flexibility, creativity, persistence, and a sense of humor 

Columbia College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, 
international & minority classified individuals to apply for all positions. 
No phone calls, please. We offer a competitive salary & an excellent benefits 
package. For consideration, please submit a resume & a cover letter to 
NMSSearch@colum.edu, Columbia College Chicago, Lecturer Search, 
600 S. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 60605 

All electronic submissions must list the position title in the subject line to 
be considered. [R] 

Columbia C Chicago 

Columbia College, 600 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago IL 60605 

Tenure-Track Rhetoric and Composition Faculty 2009 

http://www.
colum.edu 

The English Department of Columbia College Chicago invites applications 
for a tenure-track faculty position in Rhetoric and Composition, 
beginning August 2007. Qualified candidates will have a Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Composition with scholarly and teaching interests in the area of 
basic writing. Experience teaching college reading is also desirable. 

To apply, send letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, 
10–15 page writing sample, statement of teaching philosophy, and 
sample teaching materials (e.g., syllabus, unit plan, in-class activity) to: 
Kilian McCurrie, Chair, Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, 
Columbia College, English Department, 600 South Michigan Ave. Chicago, 
IL 60605. 

Review of applications will begin November 13. 

Interviews at MLA. 

Columbia College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, 
international & minority classified individuals to apply for all positions. 
No phone calls, please. [R] 



Trinity Christian C 

English-American Lit, 6601 W College Dr Palos Heights IL 60463 

Assistant or Associate Professor of American Literature 2208 

http://www.
trnty.edu/jobopenings/ 


Position: Tenure-track position in the English department starting August 
16, 2007. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. required, with expertise in American Literature. 
Experience in teaching and scholarship desired. Trinity seeks candidates 
who are professing Christians committed to excellence in teaching, scholarship, 
and service. 

Responsibilities: Department members share responsibilities in writing 
and literature and work closely with each other and with faculty members 
who teach the history and philosophy core courses. This faculty position 
is to replace a retiring scholar in American literature. Options may exist 
for other areas of expertise. 

Compensation: Rank and salary commensurate with experience. 

Application Process: All inquiries may be directed to the Provost. The 
application form is available through the Provosts office or at http://www 
.trnty.edu/jobopenings/
and may be submitted electronically. Dr. Liz 
Rudenga, Provost, Trinity Christian College, 6601 West, College Dr., 
Palos Heights, IL 60463, 708-239-4839, provost@trnty.edu 

Trinity encourages applications without regard to ethnic background, disability, 
gender, or national origin. 

U of Chicago 

Library, 1100 East 57th Street Chicago IL 60637 

Bibliographer for English and Romance Literatures 2213 

http://www.
lib.uchicago.edu/e/
jobs/ 

The Bibliographer is responsible for developing and maintainingin all relevant 
formatsthe Librarys collections in English and American, French, 
Italian, Spanish and Portuguese languages and literatures as well in general 
literary and critical theory. The Bibliographer provides specialized 
reference service and bibliographic instruction for faculty and students. 

The Library provides generous support for collection building including 
a strong commitment to electronic formats and to ongoing retrospective 
acquisition of out-of-print material as well as current imprints. The Bibliographer 
enjoys opportunities to work collaboratively with faculty and 
students as well as with fellow bibliographers, the Reference and Business 
Information Center, the Special Collections Research Center, and 
the Digital Library Development Center. The University is currently 
planning an addition to the Joseph Regenstein Library to accommodate 
growth of the collections. The new addition will utilize a high-density 
automated shelving system. More information on the Library, its collections 
and initiatives is available at: http://www.
lib.uchicago.edu 

QUALIFICATIONS: Education: A graduate library degree from an accredited 
library school with graduate work in English or in one of the 
Romance languages and literatures or in comparative literature, or a 
Ph.D. in one of these fields, is required. Experience: Significant experience 
in a research library performing collection development, reference, 
cataloging, or acquisitions work is required. Evidence of specialized bibliographic 
and reference work in literature is essential. Skills: Candidates 
must demonstrate an ability to work effectively with faculty,, students and 
staff and possess excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communications 
skills. A high degree of computer literacy and a demonstrated interest 
in the application of information technologies in the humanities are 
required. Languages: Good to fluent French, Italian, and Spanish are required; 
reading knowledge of additional languages is desirable. 

SALARY AND BENEFITS: Appointment salary based on qualifications 
and experience. Benefits include retirement plan, insurance, and paid time 
off. There is a tuition benefit plan for college age and younger children. 

APPLICATION: Should include resume and names, addresses, e-mail 
addresses, and telephone numbers of three references. Review of application 
will begin upon receipt and continue until the position is filled. 
Applications by e-mail are encouraged; please send to chicagoenglish@ 
lib.uchicago.
edu. Applications may also be mailed to the Personnel Office, 
The University of Chicago Library, 1100 East 57th Street, Chicago, 
Illinois 60637. EOE/AA 
[R] 

Indiana 

U of Southern Indiana 

English, 8600 University Blvd Evansville IN 47712 

Assistant Professor of English 2108 

http://www.
usi.edu 

The English Department seeks an Assistant Professor, tenure track, with 
a specialty in the literature of the Renaissance, including Shakespeare. 
PhD in English and teaching experience are required; the ideal candidate 
will also be able to teach courses in the university’s core curriculum 
Humanities sequence. The position will begin August 2007. Candidates 
must demonstrate excellence in and commitment to teaching, promise of 
scholarly productivity, and willingness to engage in service to the broader 
University community. As part of their 4/4 
load, all faculty contribute 
to the core curriculum, typically by teaching first-year composition or 
humanities, and to the department’s major by offering advanced classes in 
their specializations. Assigned time may be granted for scholarly projects 
or program development. Submit a letter, CV, unofficial transcript showing 
highest degree earned, contact information for three references, and a 
completed USI employment application form (available at http://www.
usi 
.edu/HR/
Employ/docs/
02–5050%20Faculty%20App.pdf ) to Dr. Shannon 
Wooden, English Department, University of Southern Indiana, 8600 
University Blvd., Evansville, IN 47712. Please do not submit your material 
electronically. Review of applications will begin January 12, 2007 
and will continue until the position is filled. The University of Southern 
Indiana is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 


Wabash C 

English, PO Box 352, 301 W Wabash Crawfordsville IN 47933 

Visiting Assistant Professor of American Literature 2233 

http://www.
wabash.edu 

The Department of English at Wabash College invites candidates with 
primary specializations in American literature before 1900 and poetry 
writing for a full-time, non-tenure-track position as Visiting Assistant 
Professor. One-year position to start July 1, 2007. Ph.D. desired, ABD 
considered. The Department is a small, closely knit group of supportive 
colleagues who actively share research and creative work. Wabash provides 
generous support for professional development. The successful candidate 
will combine a strong research and creative agenda with a lively interest 
in pedagogy and a commitment to undergraduate teaching. As part of a 
3–3 load, teaching opportunities will include composition and all-college 
courses. If the successful candidate also has expertise in composition and 
rhetoric, particularly in Writing Across the Curriculum program development, 
the position may be extended for an additional two years. 

Please send application letter, cv, transcripts and statement of teaching 
philosophy to Joy Castro, Chair, Department of English, Wabash College, 
Box 352, Crawfordsville, IN 47933-0352. Review of applications 
to begin February 15 and continue until position is filled. Dossiers will 
be requested after initial screening. Wabash College, a liberal arts college 
committed to the education of undergraduate men, strongly encourages 
applications from women and minorities. EOE [R] 



Iowa 

U of Dubuque 

English, 2000 University Av Dubuque IA 52001 

Assistant Professor of Global Literature 1862 

http://www.
dbq.edu 

The University of Dubuque invites applications for a full-time, tenuretrack 
position in the Department of English, beginning in August, 2007. 
The department seeks a specialist in Global Literatures; desirable secondary 
specializations include the literature of women, composition and rhetoric, 
and linguistics. Teaching load of four courses per semester includes 
courses in the general education core. The successful candidate will have 
a commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and a record of 
success in teaching general education courses; a desire to integrate faith 
and learning is highly desirable. Ph.D. is preferred, but ABDs or strong 
candidates who are willing to complete a doctorate may be considered. 

Send letter of application, vita, teaching portfolio, and three letters of 
reference to English Search Committee, c/o 
Ms. Rima Britt, University 
of Dubuque, 2000 University Avenue, Dubuque, Iowa 52001. Include a 
one-page statement of teaching philosophy, two examples of syllabi, and 
two examples of assignments that generated creative learning for students. 
The University of Dubuque is a small, private university affiliated with 
the Presbyterian Church (USA). We are committed to excellence in academic 
inquiry and professional preparation; relationships that encourage 
intellectual, spiritual, and moral development; and community where diversity 
is appreciated and Christian love is practiced. [R] 

Kentucky 

Bellarmine U 

English, 2001 Newburg Rd Louisville KY 40205 

Assistant Professor of English 1980 

http://www.
bellarmine.edu 

Tenure-track assistant professor in Rhetoric and Writing and/or 
Film 
Studies. Secondary expertise in one or more of the following areas especially 
welcome: Cultural Studies, writing and technology, new media, 
nonf iction and professional writing, rhetorical theory. Ph.D. required 
by start date of August 15, 2007. Commitment to engaged teaching and 
active scholarship crucial. The successful candidate will help build new 
tracks and emphases for our majors. 4/3 
teaching load. Please send letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, names 
of three references, and writing sample to Dr. Kathryn West, Search 
Committee chair. We will acknowledge all applications and do plan to 
interview at MLA. Postmark deadline: December 8, 2006. Minorities are 
encouraged to apply. EEO/AA. 
[R] 

Louisiana 

Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Allen Hall 260 Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Instructor 1935 

http://www.
english.lsu.edu 

(One or more positions) 

The Department of English seeks beginning Instructor(s) to teach writing 
and introductory literature and language courses. Required Qualifications: 
Masters degree in English or related field; evidence of outstanding 
teaching in first-year composition. Additional Qualifications Desired: 
Ph.D.; coursework in composition pedagogy; experience teaching literature, 
rhetoric, and/or 
linguistics in a college or university. Applications 
will be acknowledged in writing. An offer of employment is contingent 
on a satisfactory pre-employment background check. Screening begins 
December 4, 2006, and will continue until candidates are selected. Please 
send letter of application, vita (including e-mail address), and dossier (or 
three letters of recommendation) to: Kieu Nguyen, Department of English, 
260 Allen Hall, Louisiana State University, Ref: Log #0803, Baton 
Rouge, LA 70803-5001. 

L SU I S AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/ EQUAL 
ACCES S 
EMPLOYER 
[R] 

Maryland 

Johns Hopkins U 

Center for Talented Youth, 5801 Smith Ave, Suite 400 Baltimore 
MD 21209 

Writing Instructor 2074 

http://cty.
jhu.edu/summer/
employment.html 

SUMMER TEACHING OPPORTUNITIES 

Expository, Critical, and Creative Writing; Film; Shakespeare; Drama; 
Popular Culture; Graphic Novel; Humanities; Latin; Greek; Etymologies 

The Center for Talented Youth (CTY) runs academic summer programs for 
gifted students ages 8–18. Our summer programs are designed to support 
and nurture academic talent by giving motivated, gifted students a chance 
to study at a pace and depth commensurate with their abilities. Two threeweek 
sessions of our residential and day programs are offered at 24 colleges 
and independent schools in California, Hawai‘i, Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, 
New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts. 

Every year, many of our strongest instructors are ABD graduate students 
who are committed to teaching and to young people. CTY instructors 
build on their teaching experience in an intensive, structured environment 
that encourages academic creativity. 

We also seek experienced teachers to fill administrative positions in our 
summer programs. To see our job offerings, please visit www.cty.jhu 
.edu/summer/
employment. You may also call 410-735-6185 or email 
ctysummer@
jhu.edu to request an application. 

Villa Julie C 

English, 1525 Greenspring Valley Rd Stevenson MD 21153 

Assistant Professor of English 2180 

http://www.
vjc.edu 

Villa Julie College is a rapidly growing independent college with a careerfocused 
liberal arts curriculum. Located just north of Baltimore, with a 
student body of approximately 3000 and 1000 resident students, VJC offers 
master’s and bachelor’s degrees and accelerated adult programs. 

The English Department seeks a full-time assistant professor for fall 2007 
with a specialization in composition and professional writing, including 
some combination of advanced journalism, business writing, technical 
writing, and technology-based writing. 

Qualifications and responsibilities: Ph.D. in English or Composition with 
teaching experience and/or 
professional writing experience. The position 
carries a 12 credit per semester course load, including first year composition 
and student advising. 

For a possible Philadelphia MLA interview, submit letter of intent, curriculum 
vitae, three professional references, and teaching statement to Villa 
Julie College, 1525 Greenspring Valley Road, Stevenson, MD 21153- 
0641, Attn: Human resources. Fax: 443-334-2888, e-mail: per-lor@mail
.vjc.edu. EOE/M/
F/V/
D [R] 



Massach usetts 

Bentley C 

English, 175 Forest St Waltham MA 02452 

Associate Professor of Media and Culture 1779 

http://www.
bentley.edu 

Bentley College English Department announces a new position in Media 
and Culture, to begin in the fall of 2007. We anticipate appointing at the 
associate professor level, but welcome applications from established scholars 
in the field, as well as from especially well qualified junior candidates. 

We seek a teacher-scholar and/or 
teacher-practitioner with broad training 
or experience in the field, to play a leadership role in the development 
of the department’s new major in Media and Culture. Candidates should 
have demonstrated strength in one or, preferably, more of the following 
scholarly areas: media and globalization; critical political economy of the 
media industries; history/theory 
of the culture industry; critical television 
studies and popular culture; digital or convergent media and media 
pedagogies; and transnational media culture. Applications from those 
who combine scholarship with experience as media practitioners or with 
media industries are especially welcome. 

Evidence of excellence in teaching is essential; an established record of 
scholarly publication and/or 
creative work is highly desirable but we will 
consider applications from candidates who can otherwise demonstrate serious 
scholarly or creative promise. Ph.D., M.F.A, or equivalent is required. 

Send letter of application and vita only—please, no dossiers at this time 
to: Chair, Search Committee, English Department, Bentley College, 
175 Forest Street, Waltham, MA 02452-4705. Review of applications 
will begin November 20, 2006. Applications received after that date 
may be considered. We expect to screen candidates at the MLA convention 
in Philadelphia (Dec. 27–30) but are willing to screeeen promising 
local (New England) candidates on campus. A phone screening may be 
arranged for especially qualified candidates who are unable to travel to 
Philadelphia. 

Bentley College (www.bentley.edu) is a national leader in business education; 
the business focus is balanced by a strong commitment to the liberal 
arts, and to developing students’ skills in critical thinking, decision-making, 
and communication. Offering a collegial environment on an attractive 
campus ten miles west of Boston, Bentley is an equal opportunity 
employer 
committed to strength through diversity, and welcomes applications 
from members of under-represented groups. [R] 

Clark U 

English, 950 Main St Worcester MA 01610 

Assistant Professor of English 131 

http://www.
clarku.edu 

The English Department at Clark University, which offers the B.A. and 
M.A. degrees, seeks a specialist in postcolonial literature and theory for 
a tenure-track position at the assistant or advanced assistant level, beginning 
in late August 2007. The ideal candidate will also have expertise in 
late-twentieth-century 
British literature and demonstrated excellence 
in both teaching and scholarship. Teaching responsibilities include five 
courses each year (four in the candidate’s fields of specialization, plus one 
writing course). Candidates should submit a c.v. and two writing samples, 
and have dossiers, including at least three letters of recommendation, sent 
to our address. Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail. We will 
begin reviewing applications on October 15th. All materials should be 
sent to Virginia Vaughan, Chair, English Department, Clark University, 
950 Main St., Worcester, MA 01610-1477. Clark University is an AA/ 
EEO 
employer. 
Minorities and women are especially encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Emerson C 

Writing, Lit, & Publishing, 120 Boylston St Boston MA 02116 

Expository Writing (3 positions) 2097 

http://www.
emerson.edu 

The Department of Writing, Literature, and Publishing seeks three 
full-time, renewable Term (non-tenure track) positions in Expository 
Writing. A terminal degree (Ph.D. or M.F.A.) is required. Additional responsibilities 
include assisting the Director of Freshman Writing in administrating 
Emersons broad-based freshman writing program, including 
the Emersons Freshman Expository Writing Seminars. Candidates must 
have proven experience teaching composition with an excellent teaching 
record, a willingness to collaborate with the Director of Composition, 
and ability to help advise graduate student teachers from the departments 
M.F.A. program in Creative Writing and M.A. program in Publishing. 
The teaching load is three courses per semester with course equivalencies 
granted for administrative work. 

Emerson College values campus multiculturalism as demonstrated by the 
diversity of its faculty, staff, student body, and constantly evolving curriculum. 
The successful candidate must have the ability to work effectively 
with faculty, students, and staff from diverse backgrounds. Members of 
historically under-represented groups are encouraged to apply. 

Emerson College is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
that encourages diversity 
in its workplace. Please visit our web site for a full listing of academic 
positions: http://www.
emerson.edu/academic_
affairs/faculty/ 
Faculty-
Employment.cfm 

Send a letter of application, a curriculum vita, writing sample and 
three letters of recommendation to Search Chair-Expository Writing, 
Department 
of Writing, Literature, and Publishing, Emerson College, 120 
Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. Review of applications will begin on 
December 11, 2006 and continnue until the position is filled. [R] 

Emmanuel C 

English, 400 The Fenway Boston MA 02115 

Assistant/Associate 
Professor of English (Literature) 2130 

http://www.
emmanuel.edu 

The English Dept. at Emmanuel College invites applications for a fulltime 
tenure-track opening in British literature beginning in Sept. 2007. 
Ph.D. required, ABD considered only if degree will be awarded by time 
of appointment. Appointment will be made at the assistant or associate 
level, depending on candidate’s qualifications and experience. 

The successful candidate for this position will: 

-Develop and teach existing and new courses in British poetry, fiction 
and/drama 
as well a First-Year Seminar; 

-Teach the existing gateway course Persuasive Strategies and Rhetorical 
Traditions as well as appropriate general education offerings; 

-Demonstrate the ability to forge collaborative interdisciplinary relationships 
with faculty across the college; 

-Participate in all departmental activities including program review, curriculum 
planning, and advising and mentoring of students. 

The ability to teach courses in world literatures will enhance the application. 

The English Department at Emmanuel College houses programs in literature, 
communication, and literature and writing. All three programs reflect 
in their design and pedagogy a commitment to rhetorical theory and 
a cultural/critical 
studies approach to th e fields of literature and communication. 
Therefore, the appropriate candidate must demonstrate the 
desire and ability to service all programs in some capacity, through teaching, 
advising, or program assessment. In addition, suitable candidates will 
demonstrate a clear commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching 
at all levels, proficiency in appropriate technology, and the ability to articulate 
the connections between the study of rhetoric and traditional literarry 
texts and contemporary form s of media and other non-print texts. 



Please submit a current CV, with the names and addresses of three references 
(no letters, please), a list of all college courses taught to date, as well 
as a brief letter stating teaching philosophy, connection between research 
interests and courses taught, and possible courses to be developed for this 
program. 

Apply online at www.emmanuel.edu 

Emmanuel College is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer 
and a member of the Colleges of the Fenway. 

Mich iga n 

Grand Valley SU 

English, 1 Campus Dr Allendale MI 49401 

Secondary English Education/Writing 
Project Director 2308 

http://www.
gvsu.edu/english 


Grand Valley State University Department of English, Allendale, MI, 
seeks an assistant/associate 
professor, tenure-track, specializing in Secondary 
English Education/K-
12 Writing. Qualifications include a doctorate 
in English Education, Composition/Rhetoric 
Education, or other 
appropriate field; successful teaching experience K-12, including writing 
instruction; National Writing Project teacher consultant credentials; a 
record of success in leadership positions; and proof of successful college 
teaching experience and research. Directorship of the Lake Michigan 
Writing Project, a National Writing Project site, and teaching of the summer 
Writing Project Courses are primary requirements of this position 
for a minimum of three years. While directing the writing project, teaching 
responsibilities also include one course a semester from the following 
secondary English education courses: Teaching Writing in the Secondary 
School, Teaching Literature to Adolescents, and Methods and Strategies 
of Secondary Teaching in English (includes supervision of secondary internships). 
When not directing the LMWP, the teaching load will consist 
of three courses each semester (fall and winter). Applications should be 
submitted electronically. Apply online at www.gvsujobs.org. Include a 
cover letter, curriculum vitae, and three references. The online application 
system will allow candidates to electronically attach these documents. 
If you need assistance or have questions, please call Human Resources at 
(616) 331-2215. Minorities and persons with disabilities are encouraged to 
apply. Additional information about GVSU is available on our website at 
www.gvsu.edu. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue 
until the position is filled. Grand Valley State University is an Affirmation 
Action, Equal Opportunity Institution. Dr. Brian White, Search 
Committee Chair, 210 LHH, Allendale, MI 49401. [R] 

Minnesota 

Gustavus Adolphus C 

English, 800 W College Av St Peter MN 56082 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Ethnic Literatures in the US 2306 

The English Department at Gustavus Adolphus College invites applications 
for a visiting assistant professor for academic year 2007–2008 in 
Ethnic Literatures of the United States, with a secondary specialization 
in Postcolonial Literatures. Teaching will include a mix of introductory 
literature courses for the major and general education, and specialized 
courses; the teaching load is three courses each semester. Ph.D. preferred; 
ABD will be considered. In order to enhance our students educational 
experiences, we encourage applicants who have experience in teaching 
diverse populations. Please send letter of application, CV, letters of reference, 
and two syllabi (one lower-and one upper-level course) for courses 
in U.S. ethnic and/or 
postcolonial literatures to: Laura Behling, Chair, 
Department of English, Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, MN 
56082. All applications will be acknowledged. Review of applications 
will begin March 2, 2007. Gustavus Adolphus College is a coeducational, 
private, residential, national liberal arts college of 2500 students, affiliated 
with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. It is the policy and 
practice of Gustavus Adolphus College to provide equal educational and 
employment opportunities for all. We specifically encourage applications 
from women, minorities, and persons with disabilities. [R] 

Missouri 

U of Missouri-St Louis 

English, 8001 Natural Bridge Rd, 494 Lucas Hall St Louis MO 63121 

Lecturers in Composition 2227 

http://www.
umsl.edu 

The University of Missouri-St. Louis seeks three Composition Specialists 
to join an established writing program as it moves into an exciting 
and well-supported new phase. Candidates interested in discipline-based 
communications, curriculum development, and teaching online and in 
technology-rich environments will find these opportunities particularly 
attractive. Successful candidates will demonstrate excellence in teaching 
college writing and expertise appropriate to developing and teaching 
upper division WAC/WID 
courses. 

The positions are continuing, full time, non-tenure track Lectureships, 
offer the opportunity for promotion to Senior Lecturer, include full participation 
in departmental governance, competitive salary and privileges, 
full medical and retirement benefits, and University-supported professional 
development opportunities. Normal teaching load 4/4. 


PhD preferred; other appropriate degrees considered. Start August 2007. 

Please submit 1) a letter of application, 2) c.v., and 3) 1 page teaching 
philosophy to Dr. Suellynn Duffey, Chair, Lecturer Search Committee., 
English Department, 434 Lucas Hall, One University Blvd, St. Louis, 
MO 63121 by March 1, 2007. 

The University of Missouri-St. Louis is an AA/EOE 
employer 
committed 
to excellence through diversity. 

U of Missouri-Rolla 

English & Tech Communication, 1870 Miner Cir, 236 H/SS 
224 H-SS 
Rolla MO 65409 

Assistant Professor-Technical Communication 1973 

http://english.
umr.edu 

The Department of English and Technical Communication at the University 
of Missouri-Rolla announces a tenure-track position at the Assistant 
Professor level, beginning the fall semester of 2007. Teaching load 
is three courses (9 hours) per semester. A Ph.D. in Technical Communication 
or closely related field is required. Preference given to individual 
with expertise in areas such as new media, writing in industry, information 
management, and international communication. Corporate experience 
a plus. Strong, active record of scholarship, teaching, and publication 
is required. Competitive salary, commensurate with experience and qualifications. 
The University of Missouri-Rolla is a research university. Review 
of applications will begin on January 15, 2007 and continue until 
the position is filled. 

Send letter of application, vita and three letters of reference to: Human 
Resource Services, Reference Number: R00035532, University of 
Missouri-
Rolla, 113 University Center, 1870 Miner Circle, Rolla, MO 
65409-1050, Email: hrsinfo@umr.edu 

Females, minorities and person with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 

UMR is an AA/EEO 
employer. 
[R] 



Washington U 

English, 1 Brookings Dr, Campus Box 1174 St Louis MO 63130 

Professor or Associate Professor: English (American Literature 
1865-present) 1762 

http://artsci.
wustl.edu/~english 

Professor or Associate Professor: English. Specialization in American literature 
and culture 1865-present. Subspecialities might include transnational 
and minority discourses. Please send letter of application and dossier 
to Steven Meyer, Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, 
One Brookings Drive, Box 1122, St. Louis, MO 63130 (sjmeyer@wustl 
.edu) or submit application materials electronically (for guidance contact 
engchair@artsci.wustl.edu). Priority will be given to applications received 
by November 25, 2006, but the search will continue until the position is 
filled. Washington University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action 
employer. 
Applications from women and other members of underrepresented 
groups are especially encouraged. Employment eligibility verification 
required upon hire. 

Nebraska 

U of Nebraska at Kearney 

English, 905 W 25th St, 202 Thomas Hall Kearney NE 68849 

Special Professorship/Reynolds 
Chair in Creative Writing 2338 

http://employment.
unk.edu 

Duties of the endowed chair: Teach 2/2 
load of writing classes; present 
at intersessions of the University of Nebraska MFA program; help organize 
events to support the English department’s undergraduate/graduate 
emphases in creative writing; organize reading series of regionally and 
nationally recognized writers; may occasionally publish the Reynolds Review 
of graduate student writing, as well as special editions of own work; 
direct and serve on thesis committees, other department/campus 
committees. 
Candidates are expected at the level of associate or full professor. 
Term of the Reynolds chair is five years, renewable for an additional term 
upon successful performance review. 

Required: demonstrated expertise and teaching experience in one or 
more areas of creative writing as reflected in book publications, awards, 
invited performances, etc. 

Preferred: Preference given to poets who also have expertise and teaching 
experience in a second area such as creative nonfiction, essay, or fiction. 

To apply, visit the UNK web site at http://employment.
unk.edu [R] 

New Jersey 

Fairleigh Dickinson U 

English, Philos, & Humanities, 1000 River Rd Teaneck NJ 07666 

Assistant Professor of English 2254 

http://www.
fdu.edu 

University Col lege of Fairleigh Dickinson University (Teaneck- 
Metropolitan 
Campus) seeks applications for a full-time tenure track position 
in English. The successful candidate will teach freshman writing in 
the context of a new campus-wide Writing Initiative. Additional teaching 
opportunities in creative writing, professional writing, or literature may 
be possible, depending upon the needs of the department. The successful 
candidate, however, will be expected to make a firm commitment to the 
teaching of freshman writing and to the Campus Writing Initiative. 

Candidates should possess a terminal degree, preferably in writing pedagogy, 
although candidates with degrees in writing or literature also will be 
considered. ABDs will be considered only if completion of the degree is imminent. 
Preference will be given to teachers with a potential for leadership. 

Qualifications in one or more of the following areas are also of interest: 
scholarship in the areas of rhetoric and composition; expertise in learning 
outcomes assessment in writing programs; experience in teaching online 
and/or 
blended composition courses; training and experience in teaching 
college-level writing for ESL, international and developmental students; 
experience in administration or program management. 

All applicants should upload a letter of application and curriculum vitae 
through the FDU website www.fdu.edu. Copies of composition course 
syllabi and teaching evaluations, three letters of recommendation, and a 
brief statement of teaching philosophy should be sent to: Fairleigh Dickinson 
University, Dr. Ellen Spaldo, Chair of Search Committee Assistant 
Professor of English, 1000 River Road T-RH1–01, Teaneck, NJ 07666 

Inquiries may be directed to Dr. Ellen Spaldo at spaldo@fdu.edu [R] 

Monmouth U 

For Lang Studies, 400 Cedar Av, 400 Wilson Annex West Long Branch 
NJ 07764 

Tenure Track Position Assistant Professor 2152 

http://www.monmouth.
edu 

Department of English 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Contemporary American Literature, 
specializing in 1975 to the present. Ph.D. in Literature preferred; A.B.D. 
considered. Strong scholarly program in f ield required; experience in 
and willingness to teach general American literature surveys, first-year 
composition and western literature survey courses important. 3–3 load. 
Review of applications begins December 10. Send letter, CV, and brief 
writing sample to Dr. Sue Starke, Chair, Dept. of English, Monmouth 
University, 400 Cedar Avenue, West Long Branch, NJ 07764. 

Monmouth University is an Aff irmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer 


New Mexico 

New Mexico Highlands U 

Human Resources, Box 9000 Las Vegas NM 87701 

Assistant Professor of English/Director 
of Composition 2302 

http://www.
nmhu.edu 

New Mexico Highlands University has the following vacancy available: 

Assistant Professor of English/Director 
of Composition 

For a complete job description see: www.nmhu.edu/jobs 


For disabled access or services call (505)-454-3311 or TDD# (505)-454- 
3003. EOE. [R] 

New York 

Bard C 

MAT Program, Annandale on Hudson NY 12504 

English Professor, MAT Program in English 1843 

http://www.
bard.edu/mat 


Three-year faculty position in English (equivalent to assistant professorship) 
in the Master of Arts in Teaching Program at Bard College, to begin 
June 1, 2007. Candidate should have completed the Ph.D. by June 1, 
though consideration will be given to qualified ABDs. Preference will be 
given to specialists in American and modern studies. Demonstrated excellence 
in teaching is required; experience in grades 6–12 teaching and/or 
a demonstrated interest in public education are desirable. Teaching load is 
three graduate courses: two literature classes and a collaboratively taught 
lab class that explores classroom teaching and learning as models of literary 
thinking. These classes will be taught in either the summer or fall. 



Beyond this one-quarter of classroom teaching, the job involves advising 
graduate research projects, supervising student teaching during field 
placements (including placements in New York City), and participating 
in collaborative efforts with public school English teachers, all of which 
makes up the winter and spring quarters. Salary is competitive and benefits 
are included. 

Review of applications will begin immediately for initial interviews at the 
MLA conference in Philadelphia in December 2007. Please send a letter, 
CV, three letters of recommendation, a brief writing sample, and a statement 
of teaching philosophy to: English Job Search, c/o 
Cecilia Maple, 
MAT Program, Schafer House, Bard College, Box 5000, Annandale-on- 
Hudson, NY, 12504-5000. For further information, see the MAT website 
www.bard.edu/mat 
or the Bard Human Resources webpage www.bard 
.edu/hr. 


Fashion Inst of Technology 

English & Speech, Seventh Avenue at 27 Street 7th Avenue at 27th 
Street New York NY 10001 

Full-Time Writing Specialist 2096 

http://www.
fitnyc.edu 

English and Speech Department at the Fashion Institute of Technology/ 
SUNY 
is seeking a full-time Writing Specialist with expertise in Writing 
Across the Curriculum/Writing 
in the Disciplines. The successful 
candidate will demonstrate excellence in teaching college-level writing 
courses, with a career commitment to and extensive experience in teaching 
writing. 

The FIT Strategic Plan places liberal arts, particularly writing skills, in a 
critical and prominent role in the college. The successful candidate will 
be expected to take a leadership role both inside and outside the department 
in working with faculty throughout the college to foster the use of 
writing as an integral part of courses across the disciplines. 

Doctorate in Composition/Rhetoric 
or related area strongly preferred. 
ABD within one year of completion will be considered. Other minimum 
requirements include evidence of successful teaching, recent publications 
and presentations in the field of writing pedagogy, the ability to mentor 
writing instructors, and familiarity with relevant instructional technology. 

The review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the 
position is filled. The start date for the position is Fall 2007. 

Complete applications will include a letter of interest, resume, and contact 
information for three references (including names, titles, addresses, 
phone numbers, and e-mail) to: Human Resources, FIT, Seventh Avenue 
at 27th Street, New York, NY 10001-5992. For more information visit 
FIT’s website at www.fitnyc.edu. 

Submit electronic applications to Resumes10@fitnyc.edu. 

FIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer 
and is strongly 
and actively commiitted to diversity within the community. [R] 

Manhattan C 

English, 4513 Manhattan College Pky Riverdale NY 10471 

Assistant Professor of English 2268 

http://www.
manhattan.edu 

Manhattan College seeks a committed teacher-scholar for a tenure-track 
position, starting fall semester 2007, in Restoration and eighteenth- 
century 
British literature. Ph.D. required; additional expertise in teaching 
Milton desirable; successful candidates will also be able to teach the British 
literature survey. In addition, English department faculty regularly teach 
literature and composition courses in the College’s core curriculum. 21- 
credit yearly course load with a possible 3-credit reduction for scholarship. 

Send application letter, curriculum vitae, and letters of recommendation 
to Brother Patrick Horner, Chair, Department of English, Manhattan 
College, Manhattan College Parkway, Riverdale, New York 
10471. Deadline: 9 March 2007. Applications acknowledged by postcard. 
Women and minorities encouraged to apply. We are committed to a diverse 
workforce. An AA/EO 
Employer. 
M/F/
D/V. 
Manhattan College, 
located in the Riverdale section of the Bronx, is an independent Catholic 
coeducational institution in the LaSallian tradition. We expect our faculty, 
administration, and staff to be knowledgeable about our mission and 
to make a positive contribution to that mission. [R] 

SU of New York, Buffalo SC 

English, 1300 Elmwood Av, Ketchum Hall 326 Buffalo NY 14222 

Assistant Professor, Early British Literature 2026 

http://www.
buffalostate.edu 

Buffalo State College, tenure-track assistant professor, English Department, 
to begin August 2007. Competitive salary. 

Responsibilities: Teach undergraduate and graduate courses in early British 
literature, including Chaucer; contribute to broad range of literature 
and general education courses. Engage in traditional and/or 
applied research; 
contribute to service mission of Buffalo State. 

Required qualifications: Ph.D. in English, comparative literature, or related 
discipline with dissertation and research interests in area of pre-18th 
century British literature; ability to teach survey courses in British literature, 
courses in Chaucer, as well as upper division and graduate courses in 
British literature; potential for excellence in teaching, scholarly research, 
and publication; experience or interest in performing administrative tasks; 
commitment to mission of Buffalo State. 

Preferred qualifications: College-level teaching experience; expertise in 
critical theory; ability to teach courses in old and middle English and to 
develop courses in the history of the language; ability to teach courses in 
Shakespeare. 

Review of applications will begin December 1, 2006 and continue until 
position is filled. Send letter of application, c. v., graduate transcripts, and 
three letters of recommendation to Dr. Kevin Railey, Chair, English Department, 
KH 326, Buffalo State College, 1300 Elmwood Avenue, Buffalo, 
NY 14222-1095. For more information about the college, visit www 
.buffalostate.edu. 

Buffalo State College is an aff irmative action/equal 
opportunit y 
employer. 
[R] 

SU of New York, C at Old Westbury 

English Department, PO Box 210 Old Westbury NY 11568 

Assistant Professor/Instructor 
in English 2340 

http://www.
oldwestbury.edu 

The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track position 
effective Fall 2007. Ph.D. in English required for Assistant Professor; 
A.B.D. for Instructor. Secondary expertise in Lesbian-Gay Literature, 
British Modern/Postmodern 
and/or 
Postcolonial Literatures desirable. 
Teach Womens Literature, general U.S. or British Literature, and some 
Composition in small, highly diverse College with collegial, student-centered 
Department. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate transcript, names, 
telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of three references to: SUNY 
College at Old Westbury, Off ice of Human Resources, Search Committee: 
E-MLA, P.O. Box 210, Old Westbury, NY 11568; or e-mail 
application materials as attachments in MS Word format to: hrsearch@ 
oldwestbury.edu. 

The State University of New York College at Old Westbury is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 




North Carolina 

East Carolina U 

English, 2201 Bate Bldg Greenville NC 27858 

Assistant Professor of English: Creative Writing 1748 

http://www.
ecu.edu/engl 


Assistant Professor of English (two positions), tenure-track, specializing in 
Creative Writing (genre open), starting August 20, 2007. Ph.D. or M.F.A. 
by August 2007. The successful candidate must provide evidence of creative 
activity potential and teaching excellence. Appropriate service to the 
university, community, and profession is expected. Positions open until 
filled; screening begins November 6, 2006. Applicants must complete a 
Candidate Profile online at www.jobs.ecu.edu and send letter, vita, onepage 
statement of teaching philosophy and research/creative 
activity 
agenda, writing sample, and three current reference letters to: Professor 
Bruce Southard, Chair, Box CW, Department of English, East Carolina 
University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353 

EEO/AA 
Employer. 
Visit the departmental website at www.ecu.edu/ 
english. 
[R] 

Lees-McRae C 

English & Foreign Languages, PO Box 128 Banner Elk NC 28604 

Assistant Professor of English 2299 

http://www.
lmc.edu 

Lees-McRae College invites applications for a full-time position as Assistant 
Professor of English, generalist in American literature, to begin August 
2007. Ph.D. required, ABD considered. The 4–4 teaching load may 
include first-year rhetoric, a sophomore American survey, upper-division 
American literature courses from Colonial through the 20th-century 
including 
African American, and First Year Experience. The ability to teach 
Literary Theory is preferred. Student advising, scholarship, and service required. 
Send a letter outlining teaching experience, scholarship interests, 
CV with names of three references, and transcript copies to Literature 
Search Committee, c/o 
Tammy Franklin, Office of Academic Affairs, 
Lees-McRae College, P.O. Box 128, Banner Elk, NC, 28604. Review of 
applications will begin March 1. 

Lees-McRae is a small, four-year, co-educational liberal arts college affiliated 
with the Presbyterian Church, U.S.A., located in the scenic Blue 
Ridge Mountains of northwestern North Carolina. Please see our web 
page at www.lmc.edu for more information. AA/EOE. 


U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assostant Professors of English (two) 2249 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

Two tenure-track positions in English. Ph.D. in Composition/Rhetoric 
required before August 15, 2007; ABDs considered. Research area open; 
particularly interested in candidates in such fields as basic writing, professional 
writing, computers and composition, digital rhetorics, critical race 
theory, working class rhetorics, and pedagogy of composition. Seek candidates 
to contribute to growing Composition/Rhetoric 
curriculum as well 
as General Education composition sequence. UNC Pembroke, founded 
in 1887 as the nation’s first Native American normal school, is one of the 
nation’s most culturally diverse rural universities, with 65% enrollment 
growth in 5 years. UNCP values faculty as teacher-scholars; successful 
candidates will join dynamic department with faculty active in American 
Indian Studies major, Gender Studies and Writing minors, Honors College, 
WAC program, university writing center, and more. Send hard copies 
of application letter, cv, 3 letters of recommendation, and transcripts 
to Dr. Kimberly Gunter, Composition Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English, Theatre, & Languages, UNC Pembroke, Pembroke NC 
28372-1510. Review of completed files will begin January 16, 2007, and 
continue until positions are filled. AA/EOE 
[R] 

U of North Carolina at Pembroke 

English, Theatre, & Langs, PO Box 1510, 1 University Dr Pembroke 
NC 28372 

Assistant Professor of English 2250 

http://www.
uncp.edu 

Seeking applications for full-time tenure-track position in Postcolonial 
and/or 
Non-Western World Literature, to begin Fall 2007. Required 
Ph.D. in field of literature outside the traditional Western canon, evidence 
of potential for successful research/scholarly 
activity and commitment to 
teaching and service. Teaching/course 
development in areas of specialization; 
4/4 
course load; teaching duties include freshman composition; 
particular consideration to candidates who can teach a second language; 
committee service; salary commensurate with qualifications/experience. 
UNCP has historical ties to local indigenous peoples; candidates promoting 
and enhancing diversity strongly desired. Submit hard copies of application 
letter, cv, 3 letters of recommendation, and transcripts to Dr. 
Richard Vela, Literature Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 
Theatre, & Languages, University of North Carolina at Pembroke, 
Pembroke NC 28372-1510. Also submit one writing sample, syllabi, and 
teaching evaluations if available. Review of completed applications begins 
March 12, 2007, and continues until position is filled. [R] 

U of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 

English & Comp Lit, PO Box 3520, Greenlaw Hall Chapel Hill 
NC 27599 

Lecturers in Composition UNC-Chapel Hill 2187 

The Writing Program at UNC-Chapel Hill invites applications for two 
full-time lecturers to teach composition in a Writing in the Disciplines 
curriculum. All UNC students own laptop computers, and all writing instructors 
can teach in wireless, multimedia classrooms. We will hire one 
specialist to teach Scientific/Technical 
Communication and one to teach 
Business/Professional 
Communication. Demonstrated excellence and experience 
in teaching scientific or professional communication at the college 
level is primary and essential. PhD preferred. 

$45,000 annual salary plus benefits, travel, laptop; 3/3; 
3-year renewable. 
Please send letter of application, cv, teaching portfolio (philosophy, syllabus, 
recent evaluations), and two letters of recommendation (preferably 
one supervisor and one direct teaching observation) to Dr. Todd Taylor; 
Director, Writing Program; CB#3520 Greenlaw; UNC; Chapel Hill, 
NC 27599-3520. 

Invited interviews at ATTW/CCCC 
in NYC March 2007, but video/ 
phone 
interviews equally possible. Applications received by 1/15/
07 will 
receive priority, but the positions will be open until filled. UNC-Chapel 
Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

North Dakota 

U of North Dakota 

English, PO Box 7209 Grand Forks ND 58202 

Assistant Professor 1811 

http://www.
und.edu/ 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor in Creative Writing (fiction) and Film 
Studies beginning August 2007. Ph.D. or equivalent, demonstrated teaching 
effectiveness, and evidence of scholarly achievement required. This 
position includes the teaching of graduate and undergraduate courses as 
well as introductory courses. Our normal teaching load is five courses a 
year. We are a thriving, active department with bachelor’s, master’s, and 
Ph.D. programs in a university of 13,000 students. Our annual Writers 



Conference features writers of national and international importance (see 
www.undwritersconference.org). Our department publishes North Dakota 
Quarterly and North Country, a long-standing student literary journal. 
Please send letter and c. v. to Sheryl ODonnell, Chair, Department 
of English, University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, ND 58202-7209, 
or e-mail (ursulahovet@mail.und.nodak.edu). First consideration will 
be given to applications received by 10 November 2006. The University 
of North Dakota recognizes the importance of responding to the needs 
of dual-career couples. We are an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer 
striving for continued diversity. [R] 

U of North Dakota 

English, PO Box 7209 Grand Forks ND 58202 

Assistant Professor 1812 

http://www.
und.edu 

The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor in 19th Century British Literature 
and a strong second field, preferably in Applied Linguistics, beginning 
August 2007. Ph.D., demonstrated teaching effectiveness, and evidence 
of scholarly achievement required. This position includes the teaching of 
graduate and undergraduate courses as well as introductory courses. Our 
normal teaching load is five courses a year. We are a thriving, active department 
with bachelor’s, master’s, and Ph.D. programs in a university 
of 13,000 students. Our annual Writers Conference features writers of 
national and international importance (see www.undwritersconference 
.org). Our department contributes to North Dakota Quarterly and publishes 
North Country, a long-standing student literary journal. Please 
send letter and c. v. to Sheryl ODonnell, Chair, Department of English, 
University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, ND 58202-7209, or e-mail 
(ursulahovet@mail.und.nodak.edu). First consideration will be given to 
applications received by 10 November 2006. The University of North 
Dakota recognizes the importance of responding to the needs of dualcareer 
couples. We are an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer 
striving for continued diversity. [R] 

Ohio 

Cleveland SU 

English, 2121 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44115 

Director of the First Year Writing Program 2332 

http://www.
csuohio.edu/employment/ 


The Department of English at Cleveland State University seeks a dynamic 
and innovative administrator as Director of the First Year Writing Program. 
The successful candidate will bring energy and a superior skill set 
to a full-time, twelve-month administrative position that directs all areas 
of first year writing courses, the Developmental Writing Program, and all 
teaching personnel full and part-time in the program. Teaching load is 
one course per semester. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Doctorate in English, rhetoric, composition, 
English Education or related f ield; two years experience in 
composition program administration at the college level; strong teaching 
record in college composition; thorough knowledge of program assessment 
principles and tools; ability to teach graduate courses in teaching 
pedagogy; background in electronic pedagogy; ability to work effectively 
across all levels in a diverse campus community. 

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Three or more years of progressively 
more responsible experience in administering a college-level writing 
program; previous supervisory experience; record of successful grant 
seeking/writing; 
excellent communication, organizational, and interpersonal 
skills. 

SALARY: Highly competitive; excellent benefits and liberal vacation plan. 

DATE: Position available July 1, 2007 

Send letter of application and CV, including the names and e-mail addresses 
of three references to Dr. Louis R. Barbato, Chair, Dept. of English, 
Cleveland State University, 2121 Euclid Avenue RT 1815, Cleveland, 
OH 44115-2241 

DEADLINE: Review of application will begin February 28, 2007, and 
continue until the position is filled. 

CSU is an AA/EOE 
institution committed to non-discrimination in employment 
and education. M/F/
D/V 
encouraged. [R] 

Kent SU 

English, PO Box 5190, 113 Satterfield Hall Kent OH 44242 

Assistant Professor of Fiction and/or 
Creative Nonfiction Writing 2099 

http://www.
kent.edu/english 


The Department of English will hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor in 
Fiction and/or 
Creative Nonfiction Writing, beginning August 2007. We 
seek a creative writer who is qualified to teach in our undergraduate program 
and in our Consortial Northeast Ohio Universities Masters of Fine 
Arts (NEOMFA) in Creative Writing program. Faculty normally teach 
five courses per year, with competitive salary and benefits and opportunities 
for full semester and summer research appointments and pre-tenure 
workload releases. Teaching will include undergraduate f iction-writing 
courses and portfolio direction for students in our Writing Minor, 
as well as graduate courses in fiction and creative nonfiction writing and 
thesis direction in the NEOMFA program. An MFA or the equivalent is 
required by time of appointment in August 2007. Relevant teaching experience 
and publications required. Review of applications will begin immediately 
and continue until the position is filled. 

Interviews at AWP in Atlanta. 

For a complete description of this position and to apply online, visit our 
jobsite at: http://jobs.
kent.edu, and complete an academic data form. 
In addition, please submit a cover letter, vita, three (3) letters of recommendation, 
and offprints or copies of published work to: Professor Ron 
Corthell, Chair, Department of English, Kent State University, P.O. Box 
5190, Kent, OH 44242-0001. Attn: Creative Writing Search Committee. 
Kent State is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer. 
[R] 

Oklah oma 

Oklahoma Baptist U 

Lang & Lit Div, 500 W University, OBU Box 61195 Shawnee OK 74804 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 1863 

http://www.
okbu.edu 

OBU invites application for a tenure-track position in english at the assistant 
or Associate professor level. Ph.D. degree or equivalent in english 
strongly preferred. Open in Fall 2007 for a generalist to teach composition 
courses, literature as part of a team-taught, two-semester Western 
or World Civilization course, as well as some upper-level courses American 
(early/19th 
C.) or British (18th-19th) specialty needed, with ability to 
teach general survey. 

OBU transforms lives by equipping students to: pursue academic excellence, 
integrate faith with all areas of knowledge, engage a diverse world, 
and live worthy of the high calling of God in Christ. 

Application Process: Complete a faculty application at http://www.
okbu 
.edu/businessaffairs/
hr/jobs.
html and submit with supporting documentation 
to Anne Hammond, Assoc Professor of English/Journalism 
at 500 
West University, OBU Box 61195, Shawnee, OK 74804. For questions 
call 405-878-2242. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 



U of Oklahoma 

College of Arts & Sciences, 633 Elm Ave. 633 Elm Ave., Room 323 
Norman OK 73019 

Director of Native American Studies 2256 

http://www.
ou.edu 

The College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Oklahoma is seeking 
outstanding candidates for a full-time, twelve-month, tenured Associate 
or Full Professor position as Director of Native American Studies with 
primary responsibility to provide leadership for all aspects of the Native 
American Studies Program. The director also holds the Coca Cola Professorship. 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. or equivalent and must qualify 
for tenure at the University of Oklahoma. Candidates must have demonstrated 
excellence in research and teaching related to Native American 
Studies, experience working with tribal communities, and a commitment 
to providing service to Native American communities. Prior administrative 
experience and evidence of obtaining external support for academic 
programs are desirable. It is expected that the Director will maintain an 
active research program and teach courses appropriate to Native American 
Studies. Salary will be commensurate with the background and experience 
of the successful candidate. Appointment to begin August 15, 2007. 

Native American Studies is an interdisciplinary, undergraduate and masters 
degree-granting program at the University of Oklahoma, devoted 
to academic activities that examine Native American cultural, historical 
and contemporary issues. This position will offer the Director exciting 
opportunities in expanding the program, as well as in establishing new 
partnerships with Oklahoma and other tribal communities through research, 
teaching, and other mutually beneficial interactions. Native American 
Studies also is dedicated to providing an academic context that will 
broaden an understanding of cultural diversity. The Dirrrrector, who reports 
to the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, will be expected to 
develop a strategic plan for the future growth of the Program, seek external 
funding for program development, as well as provide sound administrative 
and managerial leadership for all aspects of Native American Studies. 

Applicants should submit a curriculum vita and a letter summarizing 
teaching experience and the kinds of courses the candidate would teach 
in the future; current research activities with plans for future work; a 
description of previous administrative experience and involvement with 
tribal communities. Applicants should also provide three letters of recommendation. 
Application materials should be sent to: Paul B. Bell, Jr. 
Dean, College of Arts and Sciences, Ellison Hall, Room 323, University 
of Oklahoma, 633 Elm Avenue, Norman, Oklahoma 73019-3118 

We will also accept electronic applications in PDF format, sent to 
sbayliss@
ou.edu. Initial review of applications will begin on February 15, 
2007 and continue until an appointment is made. Minorities and women 
are encouraged to apply. The University of Oklahoma is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Oregon 

Linfield C 

English, 900 SE Baker St McMinnville OR 97128 

Assistant Professor of English—Creative Writing—Prose 2178 

http://www.
linfield.edu 

Tenure-track professor of Creative Writing, Prose, beginning July 1, 
2007, committed to teaching a range of undergraduate creative writing 
courses and interested in joining a small department with undergraduate 
majors in creative writing and literature. Requirements: MFA or PhD in 
fiction writing, demonstrated proficiency as a teacher and reader of student 
fiction and creative non-fiction, and significant publication record 
in one or more prose genres. Normal teaching load is 6 courses per year, 
including a first-year Inquiry Seminar, creative writing courses (introductory 
course and upper-division genre courses), and literature or interdisciplinary 
courses. Send a letter of application, c.v., college and graduate 
school transcripts, statement of teaching philosophy, 25 page writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation. Send materials to Dr. Barbara 
Seidman, Dean of Faculty, Linfield College, 900 SE Baker, McMinnville, 
OR. 97128. Review of applications will begin immediately. We hope to 
make an appointment by the end of April. 

Pennsylvania 

Eastern U 

English, 1300 Eagle Rd St Davids PA 19087 

Assistant Professor of English Literature 2076 

http://www.
eastern.edu/centers/
hr/Employment_
Opportunities.shtml 

Full-time, tenure-track appointment to begin August 2007. Applicants 
should have an emphasis in some aspect of British Literature before the 
Twentieth Century, and competency in Comparative Literature and the 
teaching of composition. 

A Ph.D. is required. Candidates should be committed to excellence in 
undergraduate teaching, mentoring students, and scholarship. 

Duties include teaching a standard load (currently four courses each semester), 
and standard academic responsibilities after the first year, including 
student advising and committee assignments. Courses include European 
Masterpieces, Restoration and Eighteenth Century, and an introductory 
composition/research 
course, with flexibility to negotiate courses in additional 
specialties. Salary is commensurate with experience. 

Eastern is a Christian university; applicants should have a religious commitment 
compatible with the Christian mission of the university (http:// 
www.
eastern.edu/welcom/
missionstatement.shtml). 

Submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, transcripts, three letters of 
recommendation, and evidence of teaching ability to: Eastern University, 
Office of Human Resources, Attn: Search #0645, 1300 Eagle Road, St. 
Davids, PA [R] 

La Salle U 

English, 1900 W Olney Av Philadelphia PA 19141 

Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship in Composition and Writing Across the 
Curriculum 2225 

http://www.
lasalle.edu 

La Salle University announces a one year (renewable for a second year) 
Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship in Composition and Writing Across 
the Curriculum. This is an excellent opportunity to conduct and publish 
research at an institution with a strong tradition in the teaching of writing. 

Description: Research: The Post-Doctoral Fellow will (1) help develop an 
outcomes learning assessment program based on writing portfolios(2)help 
develop an inventory for writing assignments in the Core Curriculum 
and (3) conduct WAC faculty workshops on Writing and Critical Thinking. 
Teaching: one course per semester or its equivalent, and a Seminar in 
Learning and Writing Assessment (3 courses per academic year). 

Salary: $40,000–43,000 range depending on qualifications, plus full benefit 
package. 

Qualifications: Phd in Rhetoric and Composition or a related field required. 
Completion by fall 2007 preferred, but ABDs will be considered. Experience 
in Writing Across the Curriculum and/or 
Writing Assessment preferred. 

Application Due: Open until filled. 

Interviews will be conducted by phone after MLA. Please submit your 
resume (with cell phone number) and a cover letter to soven@lasalle.edu 
or Fax to 610-664-0491. 

I can be reached by cell phone: 610-299-4388 and evenings at 610-664-0491. 

Margot Soven, Core Director, Coordinator of the Writing Fellows Program; 
former Director of the Freshman Composition Program and Writing 
Across the Curriculum. Co-editor of WAC and the New Millenium 



(NCTE), author of What the Writing Tutor Needs to Know and other 
publications on teaching compositttion. 

La Salle University is a Roman Cathoic University in the tradition of the 
De La Salle Christian Brothers and welcomes applicants from all backgrounds 
who can contribute to its unique educational mission. [R] 

Marywood U 

English, 2300 Adams Av Scranton PA 18509 

Assistant Professor of English 2310 

http://www.
marywood.edu 

Marywood University, a comprehensive Catholic institution, invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professorship in English Literature 
to begin in August 2007. Ph.D. in English, secondary education certification, 
and college-level teaching experience are required. The successful 
candidate will be expected to deliver curriculum methods courses, supervise 
student teachers, serve as a liaison between the English Department 
and the Department of Education, and deliver additional courses in 
the candidate’s area of specialization, and as needed by the Department. 
Preference will be given to applicants with two or more of the following 
specialties: contemporary British, long 18th century, world literature, 
particularly non-western, and creative writing. Application Deadline: 
February 20, 2007. Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
and three letters of reference to William Conlogue, Chair, Department 
of English, Marywood University, 2300 Adams Avenue, Scranton, PA 
18509-1598. Hard copy only. Please include a self-addressed postcard for 
acknowledgement of application. Marywood University is an affirmative 
action/equal 
opportunity employer 
and encourages applications from 
women and minorities. [R] 

South Carolina 

Lander U 

Humanities, 320 Stanley Av Greenwood SC 29649 

Assistant Professor of English 1887 

http://www.
lander.edu 

Lander University, a public comprehensive university in the upstate region 
of South Carolina, seeks qualified candidates for an assistant professor 
position, non-tenure-track. The starting date for the position is 
August, 2007. 

Position: Assistant Professor of English, American Literature 

Required: Ph.D. in English with a concentration in American literature; 
ability to teach composition and a wide range of literature; teaching experience 
on the college level; ability and experience using computers and 
other classroom technologies; evidence of professional activities and of 
excellent teaching. 

Preferred: secondary concentration in African-American literature, modern 
and contemporary American literature, postmodern literatures and 
theory, and/or 
Southern literature. 

Application: Submit a letter stating professional goals, a statement of 
philosophy of teaching, a curriculum vitae, unofficial transcripts of undergraduate 
and graduate courses, and the names, addresses, telephone 
numbers, and e-mail addresses of at least three references to: Dr. Jeffrey 
Baggett, Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, Lander 
University, Greenwood, SC 29649. 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2006 and will continue 
until the positions are filled. AA/EOE. 


Lander U 

Humanities, 320 Stanley Av Greenwood SC 29649 

Assistant Professor of English 1888 

http://www.
lander.edu 

Lander University, a public comprehensive university in the upstate region 
of South Carolina, seeks qualified candidates for a tenure-track position. 
The starting date for the position is August, 2007. 

Position: Assistant Professor of English, 18th and 19th Century British 
Literature 

Required: Ph.D. in English with a concentration in 18th and/or 
19th 
century British literature; ability to teach composition and a wide range 
of literature; teaching experience on the college level; ability and experience 
using computers and other classroom technologies; evidence of professional 
activities and of excellent teaching. 

Preferred: secondary concentration in post-colonial literature. 

Application: Submit in hard copy a letter stating professional goals, a 
statement of philosophy of teaching, a curriculum vitae, an unoff icial 
transcript of undergraduate and graduate work, and the names, addresses, 
telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of at least three references. 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2006 and will continue 
until the position is filled. Send application materials to Dr. Jeffrey 
Baggett, Chairperson, Department of English and Foreign Languages, 
Lander University, Greenwood, SC 29649. AA/EOE. 


Lander U 

Humanities, 320 Stanley Av Greenwood SC 29649 

Assistant Professor of English 1889 

http://www.
lander.edu 

Lander University, a public comprehensive university in the upstate region 
of South Carolina, seeks a qualified candidate for a tenure track, assistant 
professor position in English, rhetoric, and composition. The starting date 
is August, 2007. 

Position: Assistant Professor of English, Rhetoric and Composition 

Required: Ph.D. in English with a concentration in rhetoric and composition; 
some teaching experience on the college level; ability and experience 
using computers and other classroom technologies; evidence of 
professional activities and effective teaching. 

Preferred: Some teaching experience at the college level, particularly experience 
teaching linguistics and technology and writing; and interest in 
developing writing components within the departments programs. 

Application: Submit a letter stating professional goals, a statement of philosophy 
of teaching, curriculum vitae, unofficial transcripts of undergraduate 
and graduate work, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, 
and e-mail addresses of at least three references to Dr. Jeffrey Baggett, 
Chairperson, Department of English and Foreign Languages, Lander 
University, Greenwood, SC 29649. AA/EOE. 


Review of applications will begin November 1, 2006 and will continue 
until the position is filled. 

Lander U 

Humanities, 320 Stanley Av Greenwood SC 29649 

Assistant Professor of English 1882 

http://www.
lander.edu 

Lander University, a public comprehensive university in the upstate region 
of South Carolina, seeks qualified candidates for an assistant professor position, 
tenure-track. The starting date for the position is August, 2007. 

Position: Assistant Professor of English, Contemporary Literature and 
Theater/Film 


Required: Ph.D. in English with a concentration in contemporary literature, 
especially theater and/or 
film; teaching experience on the college 



level; ability and experience using computers and other classroom technologies; 
evidence of professional activities and of excellent teaching. 

Preferred: secondary concentration in post-modern literature and theory 
and/or 
non-majority literatures. 

Application: Submit in hard copy a letter stating professional goals, a 
statement of philosophy of teaching, a curriculum vitae, an unoff icial 
transcript of undergraduate and graduate work, and the names, addresses, 
telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of at least three references. 

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until 
the position is filled. Send application materials to Dr. Jeffrey Baggett, 
Chairperson, Department of English and Foreign Languages, Lander 
University, Greenwood, SC 29649. AA/EOE. 


U of South Carolina at Aiken 

English, 471 University Pky Aiken SC 29801 

Assistant Professor of English 2270 

http://www.
usca.edu 

The University of South Carolina Aiken, a senior institution in the University 
of South Carolina system, seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor 
of English, beginning August 2007. Required: earned Ph.D. in English, 
generalist with primary expertise/experience 
in English grammar and 
history of the language. Teaching responsibilities will include a fourcourse 
load per semester, combining first-year composition and undergraduate 
courses in specialization. Apply on line at http://uscjobs.
sc.edu/ 
applicants/
Central?quickFind=56094 and send paper copies of recommendation 
to Dr. Lynne Rhodes, Chair, Search Committee, Department 
of English, USCA, 471 University Parkway, Aiken, SC 29801. Review of 
applications will begin March 2, 2007 and continue until the position is 
filled. Visit: www.usca.edu. USCA is an AA/EOE. 
Visit: www.usca.edu 
Inquiries: lynner@usca.edu [R] 

Tennessee 

Austin Peay SU 

Languages & Literature, PO Box 4487, College St Clarksville 
TN 37044 

Assistant Professor-English (Rhetoric and Composition) 2164 

http://www.
apsu.edu/faculty/
positions/index.
htm 

COLLEGE OF ARTS AND LETTERS 

Applications invited for position as Assistant Professor-English (Rhetoric 
and Composition). Full-time, 9-month, tenure-track position beginning 
August 2007. 

Responsibilities 

Teach undergraduate and masters courses in specialty area(s) plus core 
classes in composition and world literature. Assist with Freshman Writing 
Program. We seek candidates with demonstrated teaching excellence and 
scholarly potential. 

Qualifications 

Ph.D. in field required by start date. Ability to teach linguistics or creative 
writing (creative nonfiction) preferred. 

Application Procedure 

Submit letter of application; curriculum vitae (including e-mail address); 
contact information for three references to: Office of Human Resources, 
Austin Peay State University, Attn: HR Faculty Applications, English 
Rhetoric & Composition, P.O. Box 4698, Clarksville, TN 37044 

E-mail: FacultyApplications@apsu.edu 

Review of applications will begin mid-December and continue until position 
is filled. 

Minorities, women and members of other protected groups are encouraged 
to apply. Austin Peay State University is an Aff irmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Austin Peay SU 

Languages & Literature, PO Box 4487, College St Clarksville 
TN 37044 

Assistant Professor English (British Romanticism) 2166 

http://www.
apsu.edu/faculty/
positions/index.
htm 

COLLEGE OF ARTS AND LETTERS 

Applications invited for position as Assistant Professor English (Specialization 
in British Romanticism). A full-time, 9-month, tenure-track position 
to begin August 2007. 

Responsibilities 

Teach undergraduate and masters courses in specialty area(s) plus core 
classes in composition and world literature. We seek demonstrated commitment 
to teaching excellence and scholarly potential. 

Qualifications 

Ph.D. required by start date. Additional specialization in Victorian or 
Seventeenth Century British literature preferred. 

Application Procedure 

Please submit letter of application; curriculum vitae (including e-mail address); 
contact information for three references to: Office of Human Resources, 
Austin Peay State University, Attn: HR Faculty Applications, 
English-British Romanticism, P.O. Box 4698, Clarksville, TN 37044 

E-mail: FacultyApplications@apsu.edu 

Review of applications will begin mid-December. 

Minorities, women and members of other protected groups are encouraged 
to apply. Austin Peay State University is an Aff irmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Austin Peay SU 

Languages & Literature, PO Box 4487, College St Clarksville 
TN 37044 

AssistantAssociate Professor English (English Education) 2167 

http://www.
apsu.edu/faculty/
positions/index.
htm 

COLLEGE OF ARTS AND LETTERS 

Applications invited for position as Assistant/Associate 
Professor (English 
Education). A full-time, 9-month, tenure-track position beginning August 
2007. 

Responsibilities 

Teach secondary-teaching methods and adolescent literature for English 
majors seeking teacher licensure. Also teach core classes in composition 
and world literature. We seek demonstrated commitment to teaching excellence 
and scholarly potential. 

Qualifications 

Doctoral degree and background in secondary education required. 

Application Procedure 

Submit letter of application; curriculum vitae (including e-mail address); 
contact information for three references to: Office of Human Resources, 
Austin Peay State University, Attn: HR Faculty Applications, English Education, 
P.O. Box 4698, Clarksville, TN 37044 

E-mail: FacultyApplications@apsu.edu 

Review of applications begins mid-December and continues until position 
is filled. 

Minorities, women and members of other protected groups are encouraged 
to apply. Austin Peay State University is an Aff irmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 



Austin Peay SU 

Languages & Literature, PO Box 4487, College St Clarksville 
TN 37044 

English (Eighteenth-Century 
British) 2165 

http://www.
apsu.edu/faculty/
positions/index.
htm 

COLLEGE OF ARTS AND LETTERS 

Applications invited for position as Assistant Professor-English (Eighteenth-
Century 
British Literature). A full-time, 9-month, tenure-track 
position beginning August 2007. 

Responsibilities 

Teach undergraduate and masters courses in specialty area(s) plus core 
classes in composition and world literature. We seek demonstrated teaching 
excellence and scholarly potential. 

Qualifications 

Ph.D. required by start date. Additional specialization in Victorian or 
Seventeenth-Century 
British literature preferred. 

Application Procedure 

Submit letter of application; curriculum vitae (including e-mail address); 
contact information for three references to: Office of Human Resources, 
Austin Peay State University, Attn: HR Faculty Applications, English Eighteenth-
Century 
British Literature, P.O. Box 4698, Clarksville, TN 37044 

E-mail: FacultyApplications@apsu.edu 

Application review begins mid-December, continues until position filled. 

Minorities, women and members of other protected groups are encouraged 
to apply. Austin Peay State University is an Aff irmative Action/ 
Equal 
Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Vanderbilt U 

Writing Studio, 117 Alumni Hall 2201 West End Avenue Nashville 
TN 37240 

Lecturer in English and Writing 2211 

http://www.
vanderbilt.edu/writing 


The Writing Studio and the Department of English at Vanderbilt University 
invite applications for the position of Lecturer in English and Writing. 
The primary responsibility of this position is to the Writing Studio. 
The Lecturer in English and Writing will work under the leadership of 
the Director of the Writing Studio, and in consultation with the Chair of 
the English department, to develop and coordinate Writing Studio programs 
and to train and support undergraduate and graduate student staff at 
the Studio. Lecturers will also teach writing-intensive courses in English. 
Contracts are for a one-year, renewable term and will be determined by 
the agreement of the English Department and the Writing Studio. 

Ph.D. or appropriate terminal degree required at time of appointment. 
Candidates must demonstrate excellence in writing-intensive course instruction 
and in the tutoring of writing. 

Applicants should send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, letters of recommendation, 
a sample course syllabus, teaching evaluations, if available, and 
a writing sample (not to exceed 20 pages) to Writing Studio, 117 Alumni 
Hall, 2201 West End Ave., Nashville, TN 37240. Screening begins January 
12, 2007, and will continue until position is filled. Vanderbilt University 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer 
and encourages 
applications from women and minorities. [R] 

Texas 

Texas A&M Intl U 

Lang & Lit, 5201 University Blvd Laredo TX 78041 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 1941 

http://www.
tamiu.edu 

Texas A&M International University invites applications for an Assistant 
Professor of English, tenure-track, nine-month appointment (with 
good possibility of summer teaching), starting Fall 2007. Specialization in 
rhetoric and composition. Ph.D. required at time of hire. The 4/3 
teaching 
load includes first-year composition sequence with the opportunity to 
teach at the graduate level and to develop courses at both the graduate and 
undergraduate levels. Training in the following area desirable: Modern/ 
Contemporary 
British Literature. Candidates should maintain balance 
between teaching, service, and research. Send cover letter, contact information 
for three references, and unofficial transcripts to Dr. Kati Pletsch 
de Garcia, Chair, Department of Language and Literature, 5201 University 
Blvd., Laredo, TX 78041-1900. Applications will be acknowledged 
by letter. Review of applications begins immediately and will continue 
until position is filled. Possible interview at MLA or CCCC. Texas A&M 
International University is located on an attractive campus in a nascent 
metropolitan area with convenient access to Corpus Christi, San Antonio, 
and Monterrey, Mexico. EEO [R] 

Texas Christian U 

English, PO Box 297270, TCU Stn Fort Worth TX 76129 

Assistant Professor of English 1749 

http://www.
tcu.edu 

The TCU Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track, 
assistant professor in ethnic and multicultural literatures. Specialist areas 
might include Chicano/a 
and/or 
Latino/a, 
African American, Native 
American, or Asian American literature; global Anglophone literatures 
(including disaporic or indigenous literatures of Africa, Asia, or the 
Americas); and postcolonial, transnational, and/or 
borderland studies. In a 
department offering coursework at the undergraduate and graduate levels 
in both literature and rhetoric/composition, 
a commitment to teaching 
excellence and to sustained research and publication is expected. Competitive 
teaching load and salary, with generous research support. PhD required 
by August 2007. Female and minority applicants are encouraged to 
apply. Please send a letter of application and a c.v. to Dan Williams, Chair; 
Department of English; Texas Christian University; TCU Box 297270; 
Fort Worth, TX 76129. Applications must be received by December 8 to 
be considered for an MLA interview. A private, secular institution of approximately 
9,000 students, TCU is an AA/EO 
employer. 


U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 504 

http://www.
engl.unt.edu 

Tenure-track position in Composition and Rhetoric, beginning 9/2007, 
pending approval. Assistant or Associate Professor, depending on qualif 
ications and experience. Salary competitive. Required qualif ications 
include a Ph.D., a strong publication record in the primary area of specialization, 
and significant teaching experience. We seek a candidate whose 
record as a researcher and a teacher either merits tenure now or will do so 
shortly. Administrative experience highly desirable. The successful candidate 
will teach advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in the primary 
area of specialization and become (or be groomed to become) our 
next Director of Freshman Composition. The normal teaching load for 
productive faculty is 3/2, 
with appropriate course reductions for administrative 
positions. Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference 
to Prof. David Holdeman, Chair, Department of English, University 
of North Texas, P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX, 76203-1307. We began 



to consider files on October 16, but welcome further applications. The 
position will remain open until filled. UNT is an AA/EO 
employer 
that 
values diversity and is located in the culturally and economically vibrant 
Dallas/Fort 
Worth metroplex. [R] 

U of Texas at Dallas 

Arts & Humanities, PO Box 830688, JO 31 Richardson TX 75083 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Literature (Latin American/
Translation) 
2175 

http://ah.
utdallas.edu/ 

The School of Arts and Humanities invites applications for a tenure track 
Assistant or Associate Professor in Literature, with an emphasis on Latin 
American Literature and a corollary interest in Literary Translation. Appointment 
begins September 1, 2007. Successful candidate will have a 
strong commitment to publishing, undergraduate and graduate teaching, 
interdisciplinary education and research, and professional academic service. 
Ph.D. in appropriate field required. Salary competitive. Review of 
applications begins February 15, 2007. 

Applicants should send letter of application, c-v, samples of course syllabi, 
three letters of recommendation (Assistant Professor level) or five letters 
of recommendation (Associate Professor level), and a sample of published 
work or dissertation chapter to: Academic Search 1044, The University of 
Texas at Dallas, Mail Station AD 42, P.O. Box 830688, Richardson, TX 
75083-0688. 

AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Texas at Dallas 

Arts & Humanities, PO Box 830688, JO 31 Richardson TX 75083 

Assistant or Associate Professor of Literature and Creative Writing 2182 

http://ah.
utdallas.edu 

The School of Arts and Humanities invites applications for a tenuretrack 
Assistant or Associate Professor of Literature and Creative Writing, 
with a focus on prose fiction. Secondary interest in playwriting and/or 
screenwriting desirable. Appointment begins September 1, 2007. Ph.D. 
or M.F.A. in appropriate field required. Successful candidate will have a 
strong commitment to publishing, undergraduate and graduate teaching, 
interdisciplinary education and research, and professional academic service. 
The School offers an interdisciplinary program. Its academic philosophy 
emphasizes the fusion of critical with creative thinking as well 
as linkages among various modes of artistic expression. The School has 
an internationally renowned program in Translation Studies. Salary competitive. 
Review of applications begins February 15, 2007. Applicants 
should send a letter of application, c-v, samples of course syllabi, three letters 
of recommendation (Assistant level) or five letters of recommendation 
(Associate 
level), and a sample of published work or dissertation chapter 
to: Academic Search 1046, The University of Texas at Dallas, Mail Station 
AD 42, P.O. Box 830688, Richardson, TX 75083-0688. 

AA/EO 
employer. 
[R] 

Vermont 

Middlebury C 

English & Amer Lits, Middlebury VT 05753 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English & American Literatures 2318 

http://middlebury.
edu 

The Department of English and American Literatures seeks candidates for 
a two-year term position in American literature beginning in Fall 2007. 
Specialization is open, but work centered on ethnic or immigrant literature 
or the Colonial period is particularly desirable. Candidates should be 
prepared to teach courses in American literature across a range of historical 
periods. Potential for excellence in both teaching and scholarship is essential. 
Send letter of application, c.v., self-addressed postcard, and three 
letters of recommendation (at least two of which address the candidates 
teaching) to Cates Baldridge, Chair by March 1st. Applications will continue 
to be reviewed until the position is filled. Middlebury College is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
and encourages applications from women 
and members of minority groups. 

Virginia 

C of William & Mary 

English, PO Box 8795 Williamsburg VA 23187 

Distinguished Visiting Professor of Literature 2238 

http://www.
wm.edu/english/ 


Sara and Jess Cloud Visiting Professorship in the Department of English 
at The College of William and Mary. We are seeking a distinguished, senior 
teacher-scholar in any field to hold this professorship for one semester 
during 2007–2008. The successful candidate will teach one course in the 
English Department and give public lectures from work-in-progress. 

Applications should include a letter and a c.v. and should be sent to Monica 
Potkay, Chair of the Cloud Search Committee, Dept. of English, College 
of William and Mary, PO Box 8795, Williamsburg VA 23187-8795. 

Review begins March 9, 2007 and will continue until an appointment is 
made. The College is an EEO/AA 
employer. 
[R] 

U of Mary Washington 

English, Linguistics, & Speech, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg 
VA 22401 

Visiting Assistant Professor Creative Writing 2320 

http://www.
umw.edu 

The Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech at the University of 
Mary Washington invites applications for a visiting one-year assistant professor 
in creative nonfiction with demonstrated ability to teach narrative 
technique. MFA or appropriate Ph.D. required at time of appointment. 
Teaching responsibilities include upper-level creative writing courses (e.g. 
Creative Non-Fiction, Fiction Writing), as well as some general education 
courses. Secondary expertise could include poetry, fiction, new media/ 
rich 
media authoring. 

Interested applicants should send C.V., list of graduate coursework, and 
letter of application to Professor Teresa A. Kennedy, Chair, Department 
of English, Linguistics, and Speech; 301 Combs Hall; University of Mary 
Washington, 1301 College Avenue, Fredericksburg, VA 22401, by 5 p.m., 
EST, February 28, 2007; postmarks will not be honored. E-mail inquiries 
to tkennedy@umw.edu; phone (540) 654-1531. In a continuing effort to 
enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment 
opportunities, University of Mary Washington actively encourages 
women, minorities, disabled individuals and veterans to apply. [R] 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

English, 900 Park Avenue Richmond VA 23284 

Technologist/Online 
Editor 2272 

http://www.
has.vcu.edu/eng 


We seek to hire a collateral faculty member who will serve as production 
editor for Blackbird, our award-winning online journal of literature 
and the arts, and will provide support and development for the interdisciplinary 
PhD program in Media, Art, and Text. This person will serve 
as an educator and developer for the production facility supporting both 
of these and other departmental efforts in media and technology, and will 
act as associate site manager. The position is a twelve-month renewable 
appointment beginning spring 2007. MFA or master’s degree required; 
PhD desirable. The candidate must demonstrate mastery-creative and 
practical-in at least two areas of multimodal (new media) writing and/ 



or 
production, such as online publication, Web design, digital photography, 
audio production, and video production. Proficiency in Adobe/ 
Macromedia 
products is an advantage. The candidate must have excellent 
writing and oral communication skills and a demonstrated interest in literary/
artistic 
endeavors; editing experience is strongly preferred. Teaching/
training 
experience in any of the above areas is a significant plus. The 
person will work closely with the PhD director and the Technology Coordinator 
to develop and lead workshops and training sessions for students 
and faculty; the position includes the opportunity for teaching. 

Send application, c.v., and dossier including three letters of recommendation 
and a portfolio demonstrating experience in teaching or training as 
well as containing examples of relevant work in multimodal/new 
media 
and/or 
Web production to Terry Oggel, Chair, Department of English, 
Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23284-2005. Appllications 
will be reviewed starting in late-January and will continue 
until position is filled. This position is contingent upon funding. VCU 
is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Women, minorities 
and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Virginia Commonwealth U 

World Studies Sch, PO Box 842021 Richmond VA 23284 

FACULTY-Focused Inquiry 1994 

http://www.
vcu.edu 

Introductory Courses for Core Curriculum 

Virginia Commonwealth University announces a search for dedicated 
faculty who want to join a new, innovative program. University College 
will introduce Focused Inquiry, a two-semester sequence taken by all 
first-year students beginning in fall 2007. Focused Inquiry (FI) will emphasize 
five skill areas: written and oral communication, critical thinking, 
information retrieval and assessment, and ethical reasoning. The FI 
courses will incorporate a learning-centered pedagogy developed around 
a contemporary theme. The goals of the program include demonstrating 
improvements in the skill areas, experiencing diversity within scholarly 
pursuits, and facilitating higher levels of engagement between students 
and faculty. We seek faculty with a strong record of teaching in any discipline 
who welcome the opportunity to teach first-year students. 

Successful candidates will represent a wide range of disciplines and share 
a desire to work collaboratively in implementing a new, university-wide 
core curriculum. These are renewable contract positions with the potential 
for conversion into tenure-eligible. 

Responsibilities: 

Teach 4 sections of Focused Inquiry I or II per semester with the possibility 
of substituting one section of a content area each semester; 

Participate in faculty development activities related to the program; 

Assist in revising and optimizing the learning environment within the 
program; and 

Participate in committees within the University College and across the 
university. 

Qualifications: 

A terminal degree preferred; masters degree in an academic discipline 
requuired; 

Three years of college teaching experience in a general education curriculum 
or proof of teaching excellence; 

Teaching experience in the following areas is especially desirable: written 
and oral communication, critical thinking, information retrieval and assessment, 
and ethical reasoning; 

Strong communication skills and demonstrated ability to work in collaboration 
with others; and 

Interest in the scholarship of teaching and learning. 

Please send resume, a statement of teaching philosophy, and contact information 
for three references who are able to address your teaching abilities 
to: Melanie Goodman, Virginia Commonwealth University, P.O. Box 
842002, Richmond, VA 23284. Application review will begin immediately 
and continue until all positions are filled. 

Virginia Commonwealth University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 
Women, minorities and persons with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. 

Virginia Wesleyan C 

English, 1584 Wesleyan Dr Norfolk VA 23502 

Assistant Professor of English 1851 

http://vwc.
edu 

Rhetoric and Composition, with interests in writing across the curriculum, 
grammar, and English education. Tenure track, to begin August 
2007. Ph.D. by the time of appointment. Twenty-one hour annual 
load. Courses we need taught among the three positions offered by our 
department include children’s literature, introduction to poetry, grammar, 
and world literature, so an interest in teaching these courses or a revised 
version of them is welcome. Virginia Wesleyan is a liberal arts college 
dedicated to fostering independent inquiry. The successful candidate will 
be one who combines a commitment to his or her field, an enthusiasm for 
teaching introductory writing as well as specialist courses, and a desire to 
collaborate with colleagues in and beyond the department on innovative 
academic initiatives. Since Virginia Wesleyan is moving toward establishing 
a Phi Beta Kappa chapter, candidates who are PBK are especially 
encouraged to apply. Minorities are also encouraged to apply. MLA interviews, 
though credentials will continue to be reviewed until the position 
is filled. Send letter and cv to Dr. Joyce Howell, Interim Vice President 
for Academic Affairs, Virginia Wesleyan College, 1584 Wesleyan Drive, 
Norfolk, VA. 23502. For acknowledgment, send self-addressed post card. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer. 
[R] 

Washington 

Eastern Washington U 

English, MS# 25 Cheney WA 99004 

Director of Composition Program and EWU Writers Center 2146 

http://www.
ewu.edu 

Eastern Washington University invites applications for a joint position 
to begin July 1, 2007. The successful applicant will direct the English 
Composition Program and the University Writers Center. This is 
a full-time tenure-track position (assistant professor or associate professor) 
with an administrative appointment as Director of the EWU Writers 
Center. Salary is competitive. Administer and develop curriculum 
for the freshman composition program in the English Department and 
direct the established University Writers Center. Train and mentor approximately 
28 ENGL teaching assistants, 7 full-time lecturers, and 10 
professional Writers Center responders. Required: doctorate in Rhetoric/
Composition 
or similar field, publications, and experience in teaching 
with technology and with writing program administration. Teaching 
load will be adjusted to administrative duties. The candidate who fills 
this position will report to the English Department Chair (Composition 
Program) and the Dean of Graduate & Undergraduate Studies (Writers 
Center). Letter of application, CV, evidence of administrative experience 
and teaching effectiveness, brief scholarly writing sample, and 3 letters of 
recommendation to: Screening Committee Chair, College of Arts & Letters, 
PAT 362, EWU, Cheney WA 99004-2429. Review of applications 
will begin as soon as applicant pool is certif ied and continue until the 
position is filled. Eastern Washington University is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer, 
and applications from members of historically 
under-represented 
groups are especially encouraged. The successful 
candidate will have a high degree of interest in human and cultural diveersity 
and show proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. pursuant to U.S. 
immigration 
laws. 



U of Washington 

Department of English, PO Box 354330 Seattle WA 98195 

Assistant Professor 1989 

http://depts.
washington.edu/engl/ 


The University of Washington English Department invites applications 
for a tenure-track, Assistant Professor position in Composition and Rhetoric, 
appointment to begin Fall 2007. Applicants should have the Ph.D. 
degree by the start of appointment. Candidates in the final stages of their 
Ph.D. may be appointed on an acting basis. Commitments to teaching 
at both the undergraduate and graduate levels and to sustained research 
and publication in composition and rhetoric are expected. Preference will 
be given to candidates who focus on one or more of the following areas: 
research methods, second language writing, literacy studies, writing of 
diverse populations, writing across the curriculum/writing 
in the disciplines, 
critical discourse analysis, digital literacy, assessment of writing, 
theory and practice of the teaching of writing. Interest and experience in 
writing program administration are desirable. Please send letter of application, 
c.v., dossier, dissertation abstract, evidence of teaching excellence, 
and writing sample to Gary Handwerk, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Washington, Padelford Hall A101, Box 354330, Seattle, 
WA, 98195. Priority will be given to applications received by November 
30, 2006. 

The University of Washington is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
The University is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally 
diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and 
working in a multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications 
from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and covered 
veterans. [R] 

West Virginia 

Shepherd U 

English & Mod Langs, Sch of the Arts & Humanities Shepherdstown 
WV 25443 

Visiting Assistant Professor, Composition and Rhetoric 2184 

http://www.
shepherd.edu 

Ph.D. in English: Composition and Rhetoric. Successful candidates for 
this newly funded visiting position (renewable) will give first priority to 
teaching and engaging students in the learning process. In addition to 
demonstrating a strong commitment to the liberal arts curriculum and to 
using technology in the English classroom, candidates must exhibit interpersonal 
and managerial skills to supervise the department’s adjunct pool. 
The teaching load is four courses (12 hours) per semester. 

In order to accommodate candidates who plan to attend CCCC, some 
interviews will be held in New York. Send vitae, letter of application 
(including statement of teaching philosophy), and dossier (letters of reference) 
to Office of Human Resources, P.O. Box 3210, Shepherd University, 
Shepherdstown, WV 25443. Please reference position number on 
letter of application. 

Application will be acknowledged by letter. For full consideration, application 
materials must be postmarked by February 15th, but applications 
will continue to be reviewed until the position has been filled. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer, 
Shepherd University encourages 
women and minorities to apply for this position. Shepherd University is 
a public liberal arts university located in historic Shepherdstown, an artsoriented 
community on the banks of the Potomac River, 65 miles from 
Washington, D.C., and Baltimore. To learn more about our program, 
please visit the departments website at www.shepherd.edu/englweb 
[R] 

West Virginia SU 

English, PO Box 1000 Institute WV 25112 

Assistant Professor, Technical/Business 
Writing 2221 

http://www.
wvstateu.edu 

West Virginia State University invites applications for a full-time (4 
courses per semester), tenure-track position in English. Teaching will 
include beginning and advanced writing courses as well as specialized 
technical and/or 
business writing. Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric 
or Professional Writing required, with experience teaching on the college 
level. Expertise in computer-based communication and instruction 
desired, including webpage design, WEB CT/Blackboard, 
desktop publishing, 
etc. Women and minorities are particularly encouraged to apply. 
Starting date August. 13, 2007, with salary dependent on background, 
skills, and experience. Send application letter and resume to Dr. Tim Alderman, 
Chair, English Dept., 226 Hill Hall, P.O. Box 1000, WVSU, 
Institute, WV 25112-1000. Deadline for applications: Feb. 26, 2007 [R] 

West Virginia SU 

English, PO Box 1000 Institute WV 25112 

Assistant Professor, Comparative Literature and Composition 2220 

http://www.
wvstateu.edu 

West Virginia State University invites applications for a full-time (4 
courses per semester), tenure-track position in English. Teaching will include 
survey courses in Western and World Literature, plus another speciality, 
and composition. Ph.D. in Comparative Literature required, with 
experience in college level teaching. Starting date August 13, 2007. Salary 
dependent on background, skills, and experience. Minorities and Women 
are particularly encouraged to apply. Application and resume should be 
sent to Dr. Tim Alderman, Chair, English Dept., Hill Hall 226, West 
Virginia State University, P.O. Box 1000, Institute, WV 25112-1000. 
Deadline for applications: Feb. 26, 2007 [R] 

Canad ian Institutions 

U of Alberta 

English & Film Studies, 3–5 Humanities Centre Edmonton AB T6G 
2E5 Canada 

Associate Professor, Composition and Rhetoric 2335 

http://www.
careers.ualberta.ca 

The Department of English and Film Studies at the University of Alberta 
invites applications from outstanding candidates for a senior faculty position 
(Associate Professor with tenure) in the field of Composition and 
Rhetoric, specializing in writing pedagogy and in writing centre research, 
theory, and practice. Intensive experience or training in teaching writing 
to students for whom English is an additional language (EAL) would be 
an asset. Commencing 1 July 2007, the successful applicant will be expected 
to teach at all levels of the curriculum, from first-year to graduate 
level courses, but on a reduced teaching load, in order to play a significant 
role in the development of writing studies at the university and a proposed 
new university-wide writing centre; duties will also include training and 
supervising peer tutors. 

Applicants should have an excellent record of research, publication, and 
teaching. A PhD is required. Salary is commensurate with experience 
and rank. Candidates should send a letter of application, a complete curriculum 
vitae (with full contact information, including phone numbers 
and e-mail address), a writing sample (20-page maximum), the names 
and contact information of at least three referees, and a teaching dossier, 
including evaluations of teaching performance. Applications received by 
March 31, 2007, will be guaranteed consideration. All application materials 
should be sent directly to: Garrett PJ Epp, Chair, Department of 
English and Film Studies, 3–5 Humanities Centre, University of Alberta, 
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2E5 



For further information about the position, or the Department, please 
contact the Chair by email at garrett.epp@ualberrta.ca. 

With more than 35,500 students and 12,000 staff, the University of Alberta 
(www.ualberta.ca) grants almost 7,500 degrees annually to graduates 
of 200 undergraduate and 170 graduate programs. A research-intensive, 
medical-doctoral, multi-campus institution, the University of Alberta offers 
a full range of academic and professional programs and has designated 
26 areas of established and emerging research excellence. The Faculty of 
Arts (www.arts.ualberta.ca) is its largest Faculty with 340 faculty members 
in 14 departments in Fine Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences in 
addition to the Womens Studies Program and the Office of Interdisciplinary 
Studies. The Faculty of Arts has approximately 6000 undergraduate 
and 900 graduate students. The Faculty provides a variety of opportunities 
for research funding, including the newly established $1.5 million 
Killam Research Fund which supports research, scholarship, and creative 
activities in the humanities, social sciences, and fine arts. The Faculty has 
recently helped establish interdisciplinary units such as the China Institute 
and the Prince Takamado Japan Centre for Teaching and Research. The 
Department of English and Film Studies itself (www.humanities.ualberta. 
ca/english) 
is a large, vibrant, and collegial unit with a superlative record 
for teaching, research, and service. 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply for this position; however, 
Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 

The University of Alberta hires on the basis of merit. We are committed 
to the principle of equity in employment. We welcome diversity and encourage 
applications from all qualified women and men, including persons 
with disabilities, members of visible minorities, and Aboriginal persons. 

Overseas Institutions 

Bar Ilan U 

English, 52900 Ramat Gan Israel 

Associate Professor of English Literature 2122 

http://www.
biu.ac.il/HU/
en/home/
dept/index.
shtml 

The Department of English and American Literature and Linguistics at 
Bar-Ilan University, Israel, is hoping to be able to make an eventually 
tenurable appointment of a candidate who combines a period specialization 
in 18th or 19th century British Literature and/or 
history of the novel 
with experience teaching creative writing (poetry or prose) workshops at 
the master’s level and/or 
administering a writing program. The appointment 
would most likely be at the level of Senior Lecturer (Assistant Professor 
equivalent) or Associate Professor. Candidate must have completed 
the PhD degree, have several years of teaching experience, and be interested 
in living permanently in Israel. 

Nanyang Technological U 

Humanities and Social Science, Administration Building 50 Nanyang 
Avenue 639798 Singapore 

Head, English (Literature) 2119 

http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hss/
english 

The School of Humanities & Social Sciences (HSS) at Nanyang Technological 
University (NTU), Singapore, is inviting qualified individuals 
who possess a doctorate in English literature, film, and/or 
cultural studies, 
and who currently hold the rank of associate or full professor to apply 
for the position of Head of the Division of English (Literature). For this 
senior appointment, applicants must have a successful record in teaching 
and research, relevant administrative experience, and a capacity for strong 
leadership and team-building. The responsibilities of this position include 
administrative duties on both divisional and school levels, recruitment of 
faculty, curriculum planning, and the administration of undergraduate and 
graduate studies. The Head of the Division of English (Literature) will answer 
directly to the Chair of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences. 

The Division of English (Literature) currently offers a major and a minor 
in English literature, MA and PhD programmes by research, and General 
Elective subjects to all NTU students. Details can be found at the Division’s 
website at http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hss/
english/ 

To apply, please refer to the Guidelines for Submitting an Application for 
Faculty Appointment (http://www.
ntu.edu.sg/hr/
faculty_guidelines.htm) 
and send your application to: The Vice-President (Human Resources), 
Office of Human Resources, Nanyang Technological University, Administration 
Building, Level 4, 50 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798 

Fax: (65) 6791 9340 

Email: Acad-talent@ntu.edu.sg 

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 

Depa rtment Cha irs and 
Other Administration 

Art Institute of Washington 

Human Resources, 1820 North Fort Meyer Drive Arlington VA 22209 

Department Chair for Liberal Studies 1502 

http://www.
aiw.aii.edu 

The Art Institute of Washington is a private, accredited college of creative 
professional studies is seeking candidates for the Dept. Chair for Liberal 
Studies. This position oversees the day-to-day operations of the Liberal 
Studies classes and curriculum, leads assessment in Liberal Studies learning 
outcomes, assists students toward successful program completion, 
hires qualified instructors to teach classes, oversees the Academic Advising 
and Academic Assistance Centers, implements the budget for the department, 
and serves as the chair of the Admissions Committee. Masters 
degree and relevant experience including holding positions of increasingly 
responsible experience in the industry and/or 
education and fiscal 
and personnel management experience is required. Terminal degree in 
an area taught in Liberal Studies preferred. This position is to be filled 
immediately. Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits. Convenient 
to the Rosslyn metro station. Send letter of interest and CV to: The Art 
Institute of Washington 1820 N. Fort Myer Drive, Arlington, VA 22209 
or to hraiw@aii.edu indicating LSCMLA. See www.aiw.aii.edu. EOE, 
M/F/
D/V. 


Columbia C Chicago 

Columbia College, 600 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago IL 60605 

Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences 1845 

http://www.
colum.edu 

Columbia College Chicago invites applications and nominations for the 
position of Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences. 

Columbia College Chicago is an undergraduate and graduate college of 
over 11,000 students in downtown Chicago whose principal commitment 
is to provide comprehensive educational opportunities in the arts, 
communications and public information, within a context of enlightened 
liberal education. The School of Liberal Arts and Sciences consists of the 
departments of English, ASL-English Interpretation, Liberal Education, 
Science and Mathematics, Early Childhood Education, as well as our 
First-Year Seminar: New Millennium Studies. The School offers graduate 
degree programs in Creative Writing-Poetry and in Educational Studies. 
The Dean of the Liberal Arts and Sciences reports to the Provost/Vice 
President for Academic Affairs. 

The Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences is an educational 
leader with a passion for academic excellence and education in the arts 
and media. The Dean is a leader with vision who: 

• works effectively with department chairs and faculty as an advocate for 
the Liberal Arts and Sciences 

• facilitates collegial relationships with faculty, staff and administrators 



• possesses the flexibility to work effectively with our diverse faculty, staff, 
and student population 

• encourages an academic climate that is responsive, focused, innovative, 
and entrepreneurial 

• has an active interest in fundraising 

Applicants must possess the following: a Ph.D. in one of the discipline 
areas taught within the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences and a strong 
record of scholarly or creative endeavor within the discipline; success in 
aaacademic administration at the level of department chair or higher; evidence 
of effective teaching in higher education. 

We offer a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package. Columbia 
College Chicago encourages qualified female, GLBT, disabled, and 
minority classified individuals to apply for all positions. Review of applications 
will begin in Fall 2006 and continue until the position is filled. 
Anticipated starting date is on or about June 1, 2007. Send cover letter 
addressing your qualifications, interest, philosophy of teaching and administrative 
practice, and curriculum vitae to: Richard D. Sbarbaro, William 
J. Yacullo, Lauer, Sbarbaro Associates, EMA Partners International, 
2 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 100, Westchester, IL 60154, 708- 
531-0100-708-947-9075 fax-sbarbs@aol.com [R] 

Miami U 

Center for Writing Excellence, 9 Harrison Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Director of Roger and Joyce Howe Student Center for Writing Excellence 1964 

http://www.
units.muohio.edu/cwe/ 


Miami University seeks a creative, energetic director to provide vision 
and leadership for the Roger and Joyce Howe Student Center for Writing 
Excellence. The center, which will open in fall 2007, is an integral 
part of a writing-across-the-curriculum program funded by a recent gift 
of $10.5 million. The director will hold tenure at the rank of associate or 
full professor. 

Responsibilities: Create and implement programs and services designed to 
help Miami become a national leader in preparing students to write well 
and learn through writing; develop programs that appeal to and serve a 
broad range of student writers; manage the budget; work synergistically on 
faculty and curriculum programs of the Howe Center for Writing Excellence 
and other university initiatives; plan and teach one or more courses 
that prepare undergraduate and graduate students to assist other students 
with their writing; recruit, supervise and evaluate classified staff and students; 
design and conduct assessments of the student writing center; conduct 
and publish research related to student writing in higher education. 

Required qualifications: Terminal degree; record of teaching, research 
and service that merits appointment as a tenured associate or full professor 
in an academic department at Miami; experience working in a student 
writing center; ability to interact effectively with a wide range of constituencies 
and collaborators, including undergraduate and graduate students, 
faculty and staff; excellent communication skills; strong organizational 
and time-management skills; high energy and enthusiasm; ability to work 
independently and in teams. 

Desired qualifications: Experience directing a studeent writing center; 
experience training and mentoring peer writing tutors; experience writing 
and teaching writing in digital media; publication and research interests 
in student writing, writing in the disciplines, writing across the 
curriculum or writing center studies. 

Submit letter of application and curriculum vitae to Dr. Paul Anderson, 
Roger and Joyce Howe Center for Writing Excellence. Screening of applications 
begins January 5, 2007 and will continue until the position is filled. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Miami University is an 
EO/AA 
employer 
offering same-sex domestic partner benefits. Appointments 
and nominations are public records in Ohio. The campus safety 
report is available at www.muohio.edu/righttoknow; 
hard copy provided 
upon request. [R] 

New York U 

Department of Drama, Room 301, Tisch Schl of the Arts, 721 
Broadway New York NY 10003 

Department Chair 2060 

http://www.
drama.tisch.nyu.edu/page/
chairsearch 

The Department of Drama, Undergraduate, Tisch School of the Arts, 
New York University seeks a Chair to lead our uniquely structured BFA 
program beginning in Fall, 2007. Applicants should be highly accomplished 
professionals or scholars from academia, non-profit or commercial 
theater who have a strong commitment to an innovative, diverse and 
well-rounded theater education. 

To view full ad please visit www.drama.tisch.nyu.edu/page/
chairsearch. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action Employer. 


Youngstown SU 

C of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences, Youngstown OH 44555 

Founding Dean, College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences 2307 

http://www.
ysu.edu/class/ 


Youngstown State University, a dynamic metropolitan university enrolling 
more than 13,000 students, seeks a creative, collegial, and visionary 
individual to serve as Founding Dean for the newly constituted College 
of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences (CLASS). Nine academic departments 
(Economics, English, Foreign Languages, Geography, History, Philosophy 
& Religious Studies, Political Science, Psychology, Sociology & Anthropology) 
and five interdisciplinary programs will constitute CLASS, 
the largest of the academic colleges at YSU. 

The opportunity to develop and to lead a new academic college is an unusual 
opportunity in higher education today. YSU welcomes applications 
from all qualified individuals. For a full description and application instructions 
see http://www.
ysu.edu/class/ 


Linguistics and ESL 

Massachusetts Inst of Tech 

Foreign Langs & Lits, 77 Massachusetts Av, Rm 14N-305 Cambridge 
MA 02139 

Lecturer in English Language Studies 2291 

http://web.
mit.edu/fll/
www/ 

The Massachusetts Institute of Technology invites applications for a fulltime 
lecturer in English Language Studies, appointed for three years with 
possible renewal, beginning July 1, 2007. Must have M.A. or M.Ed. in 
TESOL or Applied Linguistics with a TESL emphasis; demonstrated 
excellence in teaching, at the university level, integrated academic language 
skills, expository writing, and academic speaking and writing to 
non-native speakers of English; and experience with curriculum design 
and materials development. Interest in international teaching assistants 
development, technology-assisted language instruction or applied linguistic 
theory in writing instruction desirable. M.I.T. is an affirmativeaction 
employer 
and welcomes applications from women and members of 
minority groups. Send letter of application, CV, and three letters of recommendation 
by March 2, 2007: ELS Lecturer Search Committee, Foreign 
Languages & Literatures, MIT, 14N-305, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, 
Cambridge, MA, 02139. [R] 



U of Wisconsin-Platteville 

Humanities, 1 University Plaza Platteville WI 53818 

Assistant Professor of English 1813 

http://www.
uwplatt.edu 

TESOL (Teaching English as a Second or Other Language) and first-year 
English composition: Tenure-track, full-time faculty position beginning 
August 2007, with the rank of assistant professor. Ph.D. in Teaching 
English as a Second or Other Language or English. Ph.D must be 
completed by May 31, 2007. Area of specialization: TESOL methods and 
applied linguistics; ESL program design and curriculum development. 
Advising and supervision of TESOL student teachers. Qualif ications: 
Teaching experience with TESOL and/or 
ESL. Experience with racially 
and linguistically-diverse populations, especially those represented in the 
United States. Teaching load is four (4) undergraduate courses per semester 
including TESOL methods or linguistics and 2–3 sections of English 
composition. Send letter of application addressing qualifications for the 
position, copies of transcripts, curriculum vitae and three (3) letters of reference 
to Chair, TESOL Search Committee (position code: 07.ENGL.16), 
Department of Humanities, 1 University Plaza, University of Wisconsin-
Platteville, Platteville WI 53818. Review of applications will begin 
December 
1, 2006. 

The University of Wisconsin-Platteville, an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer, 
seeks to build a diverse faculty and staff and encourages 
applications from persons of color and women. [R] 

Postdoctoral Listings 

Columbia U 

Committee on Global Thought, 814 Uris Hall New York NY 10027 

Post-doctoral Fellow Committee on Global Thought 2189 

http://www.
columbia.edu 

The newly formed Committee on Global Thought at Columbia University 
in New York City seeks Post-doctoral Fellows for the academic year 
2007–2008. The goal of the Committee is to provide a space for crossdisciplinary, 
transnational, and otherwise expansive exploration of the 
world, including processes of globalization, comparisons past and present, 
and pressing contemporary issues. The Committee welcomes applicants 
from all disciplines, and seeks a mix of fellows from the sciences, social 
sciences, and humanities to help create a new agenda for global thinking 
and action. 

Fellows will be expected to teach or assist with one undergraduate or 
graduate course as well as to plan and participate in symposia and other 
activities of the Committee. The remaining half of the Fellow’s time will 
be devoted to individual research. Salaries will be competitive. 

Please send CV, a letter explaining research interests and plans for research 
and writing during your tenure with the Committee, at least one paper 
or other suitable evidence of scholarship, and three letters of reference to: 
Dr. Joseph Stiglitz, Chair, The Committee on Global Thought, 814 Uris 
Hall, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027 

Review of applications will begin January 1st, 2007. Final deadline is 
April 1, 2007. 

Additional information about the Committee of Global Thought can be 
obtained by e-mailing the Assistant Director of the Committee, Dr. Gustav 
Peebles at gp2119@columbia.edu. 

The Medici Archive Project 

Headquarters-Italy, Borgo Pinti, 80 Florence 50121 Italy 

Archival Fellowship 2243 

http://www.
medici.org 

THE MEDICI ARCHIVE PROJECT (Florence, Italy): Three-year 
Fellowship (15 September 2007–15 July 2010) with 20 months of fulltime 
document assessment and description for the Documentary Sources 
database onsite in the Florentine State Archive in collaboration with 
the Projects research team and 10 months of independent research on 
a topic related to the Medici Granducal Archive carried out in two 5- 
month segments in the second and third year of the fellowship period. 
The fellowship stipend is $36,000 per year plus an allowance for travel 
expenses. Qualifications: completed PhD or equivalent in a humanities 
field relevant to 16th-18th century European history and culture; fluency 
in English and Italian; substantial research experience with original documentary 
material; the ability to master database programs and work in 
a computer environment; personal commitment to a scholarly career involving 
archival research. This fellowship is supported by the National 
Endowment for the Humanities and is offered to scholars who are United 
States Citizens or have been residents of the United States for three years 
at the time of application. SUBMISSION DEADLINE: April 20, 2007. 
Application forms and further instructions are available at: www.medici 
.org/positions/
fellowships.
html or email fellowshipsny@medici.org 

Syracuse U 

Curriculum, Instruction and Programs, 441 Hall of Languages 
Syracuse NY 13244 

Faculty Fellows in the Humanities 2336 

http://thecollege.
syr.edu/cas-
pages/PostDoctoral.
htm 

The College of Arts and Sciences invites applications for 2–6 Faculty Fellows 
in the Humanities (humanities, humanistic social sciences, including 
interdisciplinary fields such as Native American studies, Islamic history 
and culture, and Judaic studies). In this one year, renewable position, each 
fellow will teach two sections of an innovative first year writing course in 
his/her 
content area, with a total of one or two preparations per year, and 
do some advising. 

(See http://thecollege.
syr.edu/cas-
pages/PostDoctoral.
htm for more on 
the current program.) The fellowship carries a stipend of $38,000 and 
full benefits, plus a research and/or 
relocation allowance of $3,000. Fellows 
must have completed all requirements for the Ph.D. by July 31, 2007. 
Syracuse University is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer. 
Members of under-represented groups and women are especially encouraged 
to apply. 

Application deadline is March 1, 2007. Please submitt a cover letter that 
outlines both teaching philosophy and research directions, curriculum 
vitae; names and contact information for three references; abstract of dissertation; 
and a sample of written work (maximum 30 pages) to: Gerrald 
Greenberg, Associate Dean, College of Arts and Sciences, 441 Hall 
of Languages, Syracuse University, Syracuse NY 13244, or via email: 
clperrea@
syr.edu. [R] 

U of South Carolina at Columbia 

English, 1620 College St Columbia SC 29208 

Postdoctoral Fellowship in Digital Humanities 2035 

http://www.
cas.sc.edu/engl/
spenser_fellowship.html 

The University of South Carolina’s English Department offers a threeyear 
postdoctoral fellowship focusing on a digital edition of the works of 
Edmund Spenser. 

The Fellow will work with faculty and students in the English Department 
at the University of South Carolina, as well as with faculty and project 
staff at the other participating institutions. The Fellow will concentrate 
on the construction of the Spenser Archive’s digital infrastructure, and 
in the process will learn about all aspects of a large-scale literary digital 
edition, including the editorial methodology underlying both the digital 
edition and its print component (to be published by Oxford University 
Press), the standards governing the creation of digital transcriptions and 
facsimiles, and the technology required to make the archive run. Additionally, 
the Fellow will have opportunities to teach courses about the 
Archive in the graduate program, and will help design curriculum to support 
digital work in the Department. 



Applications must be submitted online at http://hr.
sc.edu/employ.
html. 

For more information about the Spenser Project, contact David Lee 
Miller, Department of English, University of South Carolina, Columbia 
SC 29208, or visit the project web site at http://spenser.
cas.sc.edu. 

Applications will continue to be accepted until the position has been 
filled. 

The University of South Carolina is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer. 
Minorities and women are encouraged to apply. 

The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or 
employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis 
of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation 
or veteran status. [R] 



