MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION 
J 
JJ
OB 
I 
II
NFORMATION 
L 
LL
IST 
Published by the Modern Language Association in cooperation with the Association of Departments of English 
ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 
CONTENTS 
Accessing the Electronic JIL and Subscription 
Information ............................... inside front cover 
Information for Candidates ................................... i 
Sources of Information for Job Candidates ........ iii 
Advice to Search Committee Members and 
Job Seekers .......................................................... iv 
Checklist for Job Seekers ...................................... vi 
Dos and Don’ts for MLA Convention 
Interviews ........................................................ viii 
List of Administrations Censured by 
the AAUP ............................................................. x 
MLA Statement on the Use of Part-Time and 
Full-Time Adjunct Faculty ................................ xi 
Departmental Job Listings 
US Colleges and Universities ................................ 1 
Canadian Institutions .......................................... 98 
Overseas Institutions..........................................103 
Department Chairs/Deanships......................... 106 
Comparative Literature..................................... 108 
Linguistics and ESL ........................................... 110 
Nonacademic Listings ....................................... 113 
Postdoctoral Listings......................................... 114 
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION 
The print version of the Job Information List is published four times during the academic year—in October, December, 
February, and April. Listings are solicited from two- and four-year colleges and universities for all issues. The cost of 
an online-only subscription is $38. The cost of a print-only subscription is $50 in the United States and Canada and 
$70 elsewhere. The cost of a subscription to both online and print versions is $70 in the United States and Canada and 
$90 elsewhere. The List is sent by first-class mail to subscribers in the United States and Canada and by airmail to all 
other areas; delivery should be shortly after the publication dates listed below. Please note, however, that these are 
projected dates only and are subject to change without notice. A subscription form is available at www.mla.org. 
October issue 14 October 2005 
December issue 15 November 2005 
February issue 15 February 2006 
April issue 14 April 2006 
Further inquiries should be directed to Roy Chustek, Editor, Job Information List, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, New York, 
NY 10004 (646 576-5133; rchustek@mla.org). 


ACCESSING THE ELECTRONIC JIL 

An online version of the Job Information List is available for searching by individuals who have subscribed 
to the electronic JIL as well as by job seekers in ADE- and ADFL-member departments. A 
user name and password are required to search the database. To find your user name 
and password, follow these directions: 

If you are an individual subscriber: If you already have a user name and password, use them. If you 
do not, you may retrieve them online at the MLA Web site (www.mla.org). Follow the link to the 
JIL page and click on the appropriate “Search” button; when the password prompt appears, scroll 
down and enter your e-mail address in the appropriate box and click “E-mail me.” Your user 
name and password will be sent to the e-mail address that you specified when you subscribed. You 
have the option to change your user name and password whenever you choose by logging in at 
the JIL page and then clicking the “Subscriber Information” button at the top of the search form 
and following the instructions for changing your user name and password. 

If you are a job seeker in an ADE- or ADFL-member department: Graduate students and faculty 
members in departments that are current paid members of ADE or ADFL have access to the online 
JIL as a benefit of their department’s ADE or ADFL membership. You must access the JIL through 
the ADE or ADFL home pages (www.ade.org; www.adfl.org). Information on how to access the 
online JIL on this basis is available from your department chair. 


INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES 


The October List contains information on vacancies from departments of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics in US 
and Canadian colleges and universities, as well as some number of overseas institutions and nonacademic enterprises. The listings 
describe approximately 700 definite or possible positions. 

Guide for Using the Job Information List 

US and Canadian Departments 

The main body of the List, arranged in alphabetical order by state, 
contains information on definite or possible vacancies, comments on 
notices published in past issues (e.g., that a previously announced position 
has been filled), and notices from departments that expect no vacancies 
but would nevertheless like to keep résumés on file. 

Read through this section item by item to see which departments 
would welcome your letter of application or inquiry at this time. Send 
letters only to departments expressing an interest in a person with your 
qualifications. If a notice states that no vacancies are expected but that 
the department would like to maintain a file of prospective candidates, 
you must decide in each case whether it is worthwhile to write. 

Comparative Literature and Linguistics and ESL Sections 

Notices in these fields have been separated out from the main body 
of the issue and placed under the appropriate heading, with occasional 
cross-referencing to items in the main body of the List that might also 
be of interest. Candidates should read through the main body carefully, 
however, since the cross-referencing is not exhaustive. 

General Advice for Candidates 

Be sure that your dossier (transcript, letters of recommendation, and 
other material) is ready to be sent out by your placement bureau to any 
department that requests it. Prepare and duplicate a one-page vita sheet 
to enclose with any letters of application or inquiry. In your letter of 
application, it is probably wise to express a willingness to be interviewed 
at the department’s convenience. Professional meetings provide 
a convenient opportunity for such interviews (see list of upcoming 
meetings below). 

While it is important to begin to search for a position immediately, 
you should be aware that hiring goes on all year. Surveys indicate that 
only about half of all English and foreign language departments have 
begun recruiting by the end of December and that the majority of departments 
do not complete the recruiting process until spring, in some 
cases until summer. 

Bear in mind that the candidate who has not limited his or her 
search for a new position to a particular geographical area or kind of 
institution is most likely to find a position. Do not discount the small 
colleges where one often has the opportunity to teach a wide selection 
of courses to students of varied backgrounds. 

Notice on Tenure Policies 

The Modern Language Association recommends that department 
administrators and their representatives infor m candidates before or 
during the interview about prospects for tenure in the specific position 
under consideration and about the tenure policies and practices in their 
departments and institutions. If the information is not offered, candidates 
are urged to inquire about these policies. 

Acknowledgment of Applications 

Acting on a recommendation from the MLA Delegate Assembly, 
the MLA Executive Council has adopted a policy calling for departments 
to acknowledge all applications for announced positions either 
by letter or by self-addressed postcards provided by applicants. 

MLA Policy on the Reimbursement of Job Seekers 

The following policies were recommended by the Delegate Assembly 
in December 1999 and approved by the MLA Executive Council 
in February 2000. 

It is MLA policy that: 

• Departments that require that job applicants send their application 
materials by express carrier reimburse those applicants for the cost 
of such shipment; and 
• Departments that require multiple copies of writing samples and 
other application materials from job applicants reimburse applicants 
for the cost of duplicating their wr iting samples and other 
materials; and 
• Departments that require books will return them to the applicant; 
and 
• Departments that invite job applicants for on-campus interviews 
reimburse those applicants who accept such invitations for the 
costs of travel and accommodations incurred when visiting the 
campus for interviews. 
Professional Meetings 

In addition to the MLA convention (27–30 December 2005, Washington, 
DC), candidates in English, foreign languages, comparative literature, 
and linguistics may be interested in the following regional meetings. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association (RMMLA) 

20–22 October 2005 

Coeur d’Alene Resort on the Lake, Coeur d’Alene, ID 

Inquiries Joan Grenier-Winther, Foreign Languages, Washington State 
Univ., Pullman 99164 (509 335-4198; rmmla@rmmla.wsu.edu) 

South Central Modern Language Association (SCMLA) 

27–29 October 2005 

Hyatt Regency, Houston, TX 

Inquiries SCMLA Membership Secretary, Dept. of Languages, Literatures, 
and Linguistics, Univ. of Oklahoma, 780 Van Vleet Oval, Room 202, 
Norman 73019 (405 325-6011; fax: 405 325-3720; scmla@ou.edu) 

South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA) 

4–6 November 2005 
Sheraton Hotel at Colony Square, Atlanta, GA 

Inquiries SAMLA, Dept. of English, Georgia State Univ., University 
Plaza, Atlanta 30303 (404 651-2693; samla@samla.org) 

Midwest Modern Language Association (MMLA) 

10–13 November 2005 

Pfister Hotel, Milwaukee, WI 

Inquiries Kathleen Diffley, 302 English and Philosophy Bldg., Univ. 
of Iowa, Iowa City 52242-1408 (319 335-0331; fax: 319 3353123; 
mmla@uiowa.edu) 

Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA) 

11–13 November 2005 

Pepperdine Univ., Malibu, CA 

Inquiries Lorely French, World Languages, Pacific Univ., Forest 
Grove, OR 97116 (frenchl@pacificu.edu) 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


SOURCES OF INFORMATION 


FOR JOB CANDIDATES IN ENGLISH 


Prepared by Susan Belasco Smith, University of Tulsa 

For General Advice and Background Reading 

Bay, Libby. “Teaching in the Community College: Rerouting a Career.” 
ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 27–29. 

Deneef, A. Leigh, Craufurd D. Goodwin, and Ellen Stern McCrate, 
eds. The Academic’s Handbook. Durham: Duke UP, 1988. 

Dubrow, Heather. “A World Elsewhere: Teaching in a Liberal Arts 
College.” ADE Bulletin 103 (1992): 38–44. 

Green, Eleanor. “The Job Search: Observations of a Reader of 177 
Letters of Application.” ADE Bulletin 113 (1996): 50–52. 

Gregor y, Marshall. “From PhD Program to BA College; or, The 

Sometimes Hard Jour ney from Life in the Car rel to Life in the 

World.” ADE Bulletin 107 (1994): 20–24. 

Hanawalt, Jean Allen, and Thomas Trzyna. “Applying to Teach at a 
Christian College.” ADE Bulletin 79 (1984): 46–47. 

Malek, James S. “Caveat Emptor; or, How Not to Get Hired at De-
Paul.” ADE Bulletin 92 (1989): 33–36. 

Mangum, Teresa. “Identity and Economics; or, The Job Placement 
Procedural.” ADE Bulletin 114 (1996): 19–24. For an additional 
bibliography on the job search, see Mangum’s Selected List of 
Works Consulted (23–24). 

Showalter, English, et al. The MLA Guide to the Job Search. 1985. New 
York: MLA, Rev. ed. 1996. 

Sledge, Linda Ching. “The Community College Scholar.” ADE Bulletin 
83 (1986): 9–11. 

Thomas, Trudelle. “Demystifying the Job Search: A Guide for Candidates.” 
CCC 40 (1989): 312–27. 

Timmer man, John H. “Advice to Candidates.” College English 50 
(1988): 748–51. 

See also “Special Topic on the Job Market,” Profession 94 (New 
York: MLA, 1994) 57–105, for a collection of essays by Erik D. Curren, 
Marta Caminero-Santangelo, Lydia Belatèche, Linda M. 
Lemiesz, Judith Pascoe, Gordon Hutner, Robert C. Holub, and Bettina 
J. Huber; “Special Section: The Job Search in English,” ADE 
Bulletin 111 (1995): 4–27; and “The MLA’s 1993–94 Survey of PhD 
Placement,” MLA Newsletter 27.4 (1995): 1–3 and ADE Bulletin 112 
(1995): 40–51. 

For Job Openings 

Chronicle of Higher Education. Published weekly (except in August and 
December). In addition to listing openings under such categories as 
“English,” “Women’s Studies,” or “Writing,” many two- and four-
year institutions take out large ads that include all their available positions. 
The Chronicle also lists openings in administration, at 
foundations and associations, and occasionally in private secondary 
schools. 

MLA Job Information List. Published four times a year. Four-year institutions 
are more likely than two-year colleges to list openings here. 

For Information about American Colleges 
and Universities 

Atwell, Robert, and David Pierce, eds. American Community Colleges: A 
Guide. 10th ed. Phoenix: Oryx, 1995. A state-by-state guide with 
extensive commentary on each institution. 

Barron’s Profiles of American Colleges. 23rd ed. New York: Barron’s, 1998. 
Comprehensive, informative guide to four-year, accredited colleges; 
rates selectiveness of admissions. 

Cass, James, and Max Birnbaum. Comparative Guide to American Colleges. 
15th ed. New York: Harper, 1991. An alphabetical, narrative 
guide to four-year institutions. 

The College Blue Book. 27th ed. 5 vols. New York: Macmillan, 1999. 
The most useful volume is Narrative Descriptions, a state-by-state listing 
of two- and four-year colleges, complete with maps. 

Insider’s Guide to the Colleges, 2000: Students from Coast to Coast Tell 
What Their Colleges Are Really Like. Comp. Yale Daily News staff. 
26th ed. New York: St. Martin’s, 1999. A sometimes irreverent alternative 
source of information on 300 colleges. 

For Foreign Colleges and Universities 

Commonwealth Universities Yearbook 
International Handbook of Universities 

Both are published every three years in New York by Macmillan. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


ADVICE TO SEARCH COMMITTEE MEMBERS AND JOB SEEKERS ON 

FACULTY RECRUITMENT AND HIRING 


Prepared by the MLA Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities 

I. General Principles 
1. Everyone in the profession benefits when job searches go well. 
Timely, open communication can ensure an atmosphere of collegiality 
between departments and candidates, even when the job market 
is tight or institutional circumstances are uncertain. Departments 
help to create such an atmosphere when they recognize how vulnerable 
candidates may feel during a job search; candidates help when 
they recognize that departments may be affected by institutional 
policies largely beyond their control. Problems arising during a job 
search may lead to impressions that damage individuals or institutions; 
however, professional conduct by all parties involved in a job 
search may prevent such problems and can only be beneficial to all. 
2. All job candidates should be treated equitably. Throughout 
any search for new faculty members, departments should adhere to 
nondiscrimination and affirmative action guidelines, taking particular 
care not to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnic or national 
origin, religion, disability, age, gender, or sexual orientation. The 
principles of confidentiality should be respected by all parties. 
II. Advertising and Initial Screening 
1. Advertisements for an opening should be as specific as possible 
about the availability of the opening (definite, likely, or possible), the 
type of appointment (tenure-track or non-tenure-track), minimum 
degree requirements, field(s) of expertise, minimum teaching experience, 
and any other requirements or criteria. 
2. Applicants should be allowed ample time to respond to advertisements 
of openings, and deadlines for applications should be specified 
whenever possible. Normally, applications should be accepted 
for at least twenty-one days after the announced publication date for 
a given issue of the Job Information List (about 15 October, 15 November, 
15 February, and 15 April). Care should be taken to inform 
applicants of the department’s projected timetable for making decisions 
about interviews at the MLA convention, and applicants should 
be kept informed of their status following the initial screening. 
3. Applications submitted in response to announcements should 
be acknowledged promptly and courteously in writing (if possible, 
within two weeks), and care should be taken to inform applicants of 
their status following the initial screening. Acting on a recommendation 
from the MLA Delegate Assembly, the MLA Executive Council 
has adopted a policy calling for departments to acknowledge all 
applications for announced positions either by letter or by self-
addressed postcards provided by applicants. 

III. Preparing Applications 
1. The candidate should prepare a dossier, including a letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, transcript(s), and letters of recommendation, 
by the end of September, before the October issue of the Job 
Information List. It is the candidate’s responsibility to make sure that 
all requested materials are supplied. 
2. For the purpose of initial screening, a letter of application and 
dossier should normally suffice. To save all parties time and money, 
the committee recommends that departments request writing samples 
and other material only after a preliminary list of candidates has 
been chosen. 
IV. Setting Up MLA Interviews 
1. Candidates should realize that the department advertising in 
the Job Information List normally expects candidates to attend the 
MLA convention for screening interviews. Candidates who do not 
attend the convention may therefore be at a disadvantage. In such 
cases a telephone interview may be an appropriate alternative. Departments 
and candidates should realize that convention attendance 
is generally the most efficient and least expensive way to conduct interviews. 
Departments should make every effort to be represented at 
the convention by at least one member of the search committee. 
2. Departments need to be able to reach candidates quickly between 
1 and 24 December. Candidates who travel in December 
should supply departments with complete itineraries including telephone 
numbers. Because of the expenses related to convention attendance, 
departments should notify all candidates, including those 
not invited for interviews, of their status as early as possible. 
3. Candidates applying from outside North America should 
have a contact in the United States to receive mail and messages. 
Since few departments have resources to br ing candidates to on-
campus interviews from outside North Amer ica, candidates who 
reside abroad should deter mine arrangements for any on-campus 
interviews during MLA convention interviews. 
4. To be sure that candidates can get the information they need 
to keep interview appointments at the convention, a department 
chair or search committee chair should stop by the job center soon 
ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


after checking into a hotel, fill out the appropriate forms, and then 
check the “Who’s Where” listing for accuracy. 

5. Departments need to be sure candidates know where the interview 
is taking place. The Job Information Center is set up to provide 
this information. If you plan to use the convention interview 
area, you need to sign in with the Job Information Center and hand 
in your schedule. If you are interviewing in a hotel room, remember 
that the hotel switchboard personnel are not authorized to disclose 
room numbers. You can register your room number and a list of interviewees 
with the Job Information Center, so that your room 
number will be given out only to the candidates with whom your 
department has set up appointments. Departments scheduled to 
begin interviewing on the first afternoon of the convention may 
need to arrive the day before, to avoid missing appointments because 
of travel delays or delays in checking into hotels. 
6. Departments and candidates should plan realistically and adhere 
closely to schedules. When arranging interviews, candidates should 
leave as much time as possible between appointments, keeping in 
mind that they may have to deal with crowded elevators, slow meal 
service, or delayed shuttle buses. Departments should remember that 
interviews that run late may prevent candidates from keeping other 
appointments and that one instance of lateness can multiply into a 
whole series of missed or delayed interviews. 
7. Whether held on or off campus, in person or by telephone, interviews 
should be conducted in a professional manner, permitting 
candidates adequate opportunity to explain and demonstrate their 
qualifications. Candidates and departments should review “Dos and 
Don’ts for Interviews,” by Herbert Lederer, revised in 1995 by CAFPRR 
and reprinted each October in the Job Information List. 
8. Interviewers should make every effort to accommodate candidates 
with disabilities. 
V. Interviewing on Campus 
1. Departments inviting candidates for on-campus interviews 
should pay candidates’ expenses, following standard institutional policies 
for travel reimbursement. Candidates should be told approximately 
how many others are being invited for on-campus interviews. 
2. On-campus interviews represent a large investment of time and 
money for departments; therefore, candidates should not accept on-
campus interviews if they are not seriously interested in the position. 
Before traveling to a campus, candidates should thoroughly research 
the department’s faculty and programs. Candidates should find out 
what salary range and teaching load have been established for the position 
and should decide in advance what their own minimum requirements 
are. It is important that candidates also determine in 
advance whether their decisions may be influenced by special circumstances 
that should be communicated to the chair. 

3. A department that invites a candidate to interview on its 
campus has an obligation to (a) arrange the logistics of the candidate’s 
stay (local transportation, lodging—including disability accommodations, 
meals); (b) set up interviews with faculty members 
and administrators; (c) provide a tour of the campus and its facilities; 
(d) provide adequate infor mation about the department, the 
university, and the community; (e) plan social activities for the 
candidate; and (f ) infor m the candidate of the procedures and 
timetable for reimbursement. 
4. Members of departments and search committees should not 
discuss other candidates with a visiting candidate. 
VI. Negotiating an Offer 
1. To minimize misunderstanding and anxiety during negotiations 
about offers, departments should establish ground rules in advance 
and let candidates know what these are before any offers are 
made. Departments should communicate with candidates regularly 
and openly about the status of the search process. All parties should 
be aware that, especially in times of fiscal uncertainty, circumstances 
beyond the institution’s control may delay or disrupt the hir ing 
process. 
2. No candidate should be required before 22 January to give a 
final answer to an offer of a position without tenure for the following 
academic year. After 22 January, candidates should normally be 
allowed two weeks to give a final answer to a formal offer. 
The committee welcomes comments and suggestions from members. Direct 
correspondence to Staff Liaison, Committee on Academic Freedom and 
Professional Rights and Responsibilities, MLA, 26 Broadway, 3rd floor, 
New York, NY 10004-1789. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


CHECKLIST FOR JOB SEEKERS 

The MLA Committee on Careers offers this checklist as an aid for first-time job seekers and as a guide for graduate departments 
about ways they can facilitate the placement of their graduates. As an association, the MLA has a vital interest in establishing 
procedures and practices that make the job search as effective and professional as possible. 

Prepreparation 

. 
Have you completed your dissertation? If not, do you have a realistic 
schedule for completing it? 
. 
Have you defined the kind(s) of institution(s) where you would like 
to teach? 
. 
Have you informed yourself about the job market? Have you consulted, 
for example, the Job Information List, the Chronicle of Higher 
Education, and the ADE Bulletin or ADFL Bulletin about the job 
situation? 
. 
Have you spoken to recently hired faculty members about their experiences 
in the job market? 
. 
Have you been realistic in defining the kinds of specialized courses 
you are qualified to teach? Have you articulated what you have to 
offer as a scholar and a teacher? What are the limits of the jobs for 
which you really qualify? 
. 
Have you spoken to one or more of the following persons about 
the job search: your department placement officer, your department 
graduate adviser, your dissertation adviser, your department placement 
committee, other faculty members who know you well and 
who have shown interest in your work? 
. 
Have you requested from your department or placement office 
standardized forms for your letters of recommendation? 
. 
Have you requested letters from three to five faculty members who 
feel positively about you and who know your course work, dissertation, 
and teaching? 
. 
Have you given your referees sufficient information about your 
record and at least several weeks to prepare their letters of recommendation? 
. 
Have you estimated the costs of the job search? Although costs will 
vary, it is reasonable to expect to spend at least $700 for travel, lodging, 
food, and incidentals when attending the MLA convention. 
Remember too that you will have duplicating and postage expenses, 
fees charged by the placement office for sending your dossier, long-
distance phone charges, and expenses for purchase or rental of a 
telephone answer ing machine to receive calls before and after the 
convention. Although you should expect to be reimbursed for 
travel to on-campus interviews, you will probably have to pay airfare 
in advance. It is a good idea to establish credit and acquire a 
credit card if possible. When you are called for an on-campus interview, 
be sure to ask whether your expenses will be reimbursed. 
. 
Have you requested a mock interview? If your department does not 
regularly schedule mock interviews for job candidates, have you 
discussed with several faculty members the kinds of questions you 
can expect to be asked and issues to be discussed? 
. 
Have you considered requesting disability-related accommodations 
to facilitate your interview? 
The MLA Convention 

. 
Have you planned your interview schedule for the MLA convention, 
making sure that you have allowed enough time to get from 
one hotel to another? 
. 
Do you have the infor mation you need about the school and the 
department to which you have applied (e.g., course offerings, college 
and university requirements, faculty members)? 
. 
Have you reviewed the list of “dos and don’ts” for interviewees? 
The On-Campus Interview 

. 
Have you determined beforehand the schedule of your visit and the 
meetings you will be asked to take part in? Have you asked the department 
to add things to your itinerary (e.g., a tour of the library, a 
meeting with students) that were not originally scheduled? 
. 
Have you inquired in advance of your trip whether you will be reimbursed 
for expenses you incur for the on-campus interview? 
Have you done careful research beforehand about the faculty and 
curriculum of the school you will be visiting? 
. 
Will you be required to make a for mal presentation to faculty 
and/or students while on campus? If so, have you carefully prepared 
this presentation? Are you prepared to discuss your dissertation 
in detail? 
. 
Have you received all the infor mation you will need in order 
to make a decision if offered a job—infor mation about salary, 
fringe benefits, moving expenses, tenure policies, any other terms 
of the contract, and the amount of time you will have to consider 
the offer? 
. 
Have you informed the department of any necessary disability-
related accommodations to facilitate your interview? 
ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


After an Offer Is Made 

. 
Are you well informed about the general financial health of the 
college or university, its enrollment trends , its support for the 
humanities, the distribution of majors, and the faculty members in 
your discipline? 
. 
Are you clear about what your own teaching responsibilities will 
be? Do you know what your course load and approximate class sizes 
will be? 
. 
Do your research interests have a clear place in the department? 
Have you asked about support for your research, including the 
availability of grants, sabbatical and released time? 
. 
Do you know the cr iter ia and procedures for tenure and 
promotion? 
. 
Do you have an informed opinion about the advantages and disadvantages 
of living in the city or town where the college or university 
is located? Have you asked, for example, about housing, the cost 
of living, cultural and social opportunities, local politics, and public 
schools? 
. 
You should not be required to respond before 22 January to an offer 
of a position without tenure for the following academic year. If you 
receive an offer between 22 January and the middle of the summer, 
you should be allowed two weeks to make a decision. But once you 
have definitely made up your mind about an offer, you should accept 
or reject it immediately: keep in mind that other candidates 
will be affected by your decision. 

Things to Remember If You Don’t Get an Offer 

. 
The hiring season is not over in January; only the first wave has 
passed by then. 
. 
While many offers are made in January, an offer in February does 
not necessarily mean that you are a second choice. It may mean that 
the department has had to wait a month to reconvene its search 
committee or receive final approval for funding. 
. 
You may be on the market too early. The department may not have 
been convinced that you will actually finish your dissertation by the 
time specified. 
. 
You may have pinned your hopes on too nar row a selection of 
schools. 
. 
You can still inquire about your status at places where you have interviewed. 
You may still be on their lists. 
. 
New jobs open up after the MLA convention. Keep reading the Job 
Information List through the summer supplement and consult the advertisements 
in the Chronicle of Higher Education and other professional 
publications. 
. 
There will be another job market next year. Start preparing for it 
now. The current search will have given you valuable experience. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


DOS AND DON’TS 


FOR MLA CONVENTION INTERVIEWS 

by Herbert Lederer, University of Connecticut 
with revisions by Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Rights and Responsibilities, 1995 

The job interview is an event that has caused sufficient anxiety for both interviewer and interviewee to prompt a number of 
publications dealing with the topic. In recent years, concern about discrimination in the hiring process has led to a heightened 
awareness of the possibility of discriminatory intent in the questions asked by interviewers. In order to facilitate the conduct of 
interviews arranged through the MLA Job Information Service, guidelines have been developed for both interviewers and 
job candidates. 

The Interviewer 

Do 

Schedule interviews at reasonable times and allow for adequate time 

Leave time between interviews for notes 

Read all the information your department has requested in advance 

Ensure freedom from interruption 

Introduce other department members present 

Establish and maintain a pleasant atmosphere 

Be polite and courteous 

Try to put candidate at ease 

Be aware of your own biases 

Ask specific questions 

Elicit all relevant information 

Maintain eye contact 

Ask appropriate questions; explore areas such as education, experience, 
special interests or skills, familiarity with textbooks, teaching methods, 
professional organizations, future expectations 

Discuss candidate’s attitude toward teaching and research in language 
and literature 

Elicit candidate’s interest in specific job 

Provide candidate with clear picture of job 

Explain operation of school and department 

Describe working conditions (course load, other duties, salary, 
fringes, etc.) 

Allow time for candidate’s questions 

Listen attentively 

Ask follow-up questions for clarification or further detail 

Inform candidate of probable time of decision 

Ask candidate’s permission to take notes 

Be on time 

Follow the Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines in meeting requests 
for accommodations 

Don’t 

Interview more than one candidate at a time 

Conduct major portion of interview during a meal 

Ask questions about age, marital status, children, religion, medical or 
disability status, sexual orientation, or national origin 

Display boredom 

Doodle 

Produce stress intentionally 

Argue with candidate 

Appear hostile to candidate 

Be patronizing 

Ask for information already in dossier 

Ask leading questions 

Ask yes-no questions if they can be avoided 

Get off on tangents 

Do all the talking 

Describe job in negative terms 

Oversell position 

Downgrade other institutions or candidates 

Tape-record or videotape 

Require candidates to come to campus at their own expense 

Make job offer until all interviews are concluded 

Assume that the candidate’s home institution makes him/her unsuitable 
for you 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


The Candidate 

Do Don’t 
Review job specifications Be laconic or loquacious 
Inform yourself thoroughly about department and institution Be either apologetic or arrogant 
Prepare questions you want to ask (about, for example, teaching load, Appear opinionated or contentious 
class size, number of majors, range of courses you will teach, library Argue with interviewer 
resources, etc.) Let yourself be intimidated 
Analyze your own strengths and weaknesses Volunteer negative information 
Request of your department some practice interviewing Downgrade other candidates, jobs, or institutions 
Familiarize yourself with widely used texts Get off the track or ramble 
If possible, allow yourself an hour between interviews Overstay your welcome 
Be prepared to discuss approaches to languages and literature teaching Ask about salary in a convention interview 
Think about courses you would like to teach 
Be aware of nervousness 
Come on time and follow all the usual protocols of politeness 
Be polite and courteous 
Watch body language (your own and interviewer’s) 
Project interest and enthusiasm, speak up clearly, listen attentively, and 
avoid using terms such as “you know,” “like,” etc. 
Keep eye contact with interviewer 
Be prepared for aggressive questions 
Answer openly, directly, and honestly 
Be specific both in answers and in your own questions 
Inform institution if you receive and/or accept an offer elsewhere 
Try to demonstrate your language ability 
Bring out your strong points 
Talk about special features in your background, skills, experience, interests, 
and goals 
Summarize your qualifications for the job 
Find out when decisions will be made 
Write follow-up thank-you letter 
Be aware that it is your right to request specific accommodations to 
make the interview possible 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


LIST OF ADMINISTRATIONS CENSURED 


BY THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS 

Note: The following list and accompanying explanatory note are reprinted from Academe by permission of the American 
Association of University Professors and in accordance with the action of the MLA Delegate Assembly. 

Investigations by the American Association of University Professors of the 
administrations of the institutions listed below show that, as evidenced by a past 
violation, they are not observing the generally recognized pr inciples of academic 
freedom and tenure endorsed by this Association, the Association of 
American Colleges and Universities, and more than 150 other professional and 
educational organizations. The 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom 
and Tenure may be found in the May-June 1990 issue of Academe. 

This list is published for the purpose of infor ming Association members, 
the profession at large, and the public that unsatisfactory conditions of academic 
freedom and tenure have been found to prevail at these institutions. 
Names are placed on or removed from this censure list by vote of the Association’s 
Annual Meeting. 

Placing the name of an institution on this list does not mean that censure is 
visited either upon the whole of the institution or upon the faculty, but specifically 
upon its present administration. The term “administration” includes the 
administrative officers and the governing board of the institution. This censure 

does not affect the eligibility of nonmembers for membership in the Association, 
nor does it affect the individual rights of members at the institution in question. 

Members of the Association have often considered it to be their duty, in 
order to indicate their support of the principles violated, to refrain from accepting 
appointment to an institution so long as it remains on the censure list. 
Since circumstances differ widely from case to case, the Association does not 
assert that such an unqualified obligation exists for its members; it does urge 
that, before accepting appointments, they seek information on present conditions 
of academic freedom and tenure from the Association’s Washington office 
and prospective departmental colleagues. The Association leaves it to the discretion 
of the individual, possessed of the facts, to make the proper decision. 

The censured administrations, with dates of censuring, are listed below. 
Reports were published as indicated by the Bulletin or Academe citations in 
parentheses following each listing. Reference should also be made to “Developments 
Relating to Censure by the Association” and to the “Report of Committee 
A,” each of which appears annually in Academe. 

Grove City College (Pennsylvania) (March 1963, 15–24) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1963 
Frank Phillips College (Texas) (December 1968, 433–38) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1969 
Concordia Seminary (Missouri) (April 1975, 49–59) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1975 
Murray State University (Kentucky) (December 1975, 322–28) . . . . . . . . . 1976 
University of Osteopathic Medicine and Health Sciences (Iowa) 

(April 1977, 82–87) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1977 
State University of New York (August 1977, 237–60) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1978 
Phillips County Community College (Arkansas) (May 1978, 93–98) . . . . . 1978 
Nichols College (Massachusetts) (May 1980, 207–12) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1980 
Yeshiva University (New York) (August 1981, 186 –95) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1982 
American International College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1983, 

42–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1983 
Metropolitan Community Colleges (Missouri) (March-April 1984, 

23a–32a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1984 
Westminster College of Salt Lake City (November-December 1984, 

1a–10a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1985 
Talladega College (Alabama) (May-June 1986, 6a–14a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1986 
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico (May-June 1987, 33–38) . . . . 1987 
Husson College (Maine) (May-June 1987, 45–50) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1987 
Hillsdale College (Michigan) (May-June 1988, 29–33) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Maryland Institute, College of Art (May-June 1988, 49–54) . . . . . . . . . . . 1988 
Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary (North Carolina) 

(May-June 1989, 35–45) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1989 
The Catholic University of America (September-October 1989, 27–40) . . . 1990 
Dean College (Massachusetts) (May-June 1991, 27–32) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Baltimore City Community College (May-June 1992, 37–41) . . . . . . . . . . 1992 
Loma Linda University (California) (May-June 1992, 42–49) . . . . . . . . . . . 1992 

Clarkson College (Nebraska) (May-June 1993, 46 –53) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1993 
North Greenville College (South Carolina) (May-June 1993, 54 –64) . . . . . 1993 
Savannah College of Art and Design (May-June 1993, 65–70) . . . . . . . . . 1993 
University of Bridgeport (November-December 1993, 37–45) . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Benedict College (South Carolina) (May-June 1994, 37–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . 1994 
Nyack College (New York) (September-October 1994, 73–79) . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Bennington College (March-April 1995, 91–103) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Alaska Pacific University (May-June 1995, 32–39) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1995 
Essex Community College (Maryland) (May-June 1995, 40 –50) . . . . . . . . 1995 
St. Bonaventure University (New York) ( July-August 1995, 65–73) . . . . . . 1996 
National Park Community College (Arkansas) (May-June 1996, 

41–46) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1996 
Saint Meinrad School of Theology (Indiana) ( July-August 1996, 51–60) . . 1997 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design (May-June 1997, 53–58) . . . . . . . 1997 
Brigham Young University (September-October 1997, 52–71) . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
University of the District of Columbia (May-June 1998, 46–55) . . . . . . . . 1998 
Lawrence Technological University (May-June 1998, 56–62) . . . . . . . . . . . 1998 
Johnson & Wales University (Rhode Island) (May-June 1999, 46–50) . . . . 1999 
Albertus Magnus College (Connecticut) 

(January-February 2000, 54–63 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2000 
Charleston Southern University (January-February 2001, 63–77) . . . . . . . .2001 
University of Dubuque (September-October 2001, 62–73) . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Tiffin University (Ohio) (January-February 2002, 53–63) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .2002 
Philander Smith College (Arkansas) (January-February 2004, 57–68) . . . . . 2004 
Virginia State University (May-June 2005, 47–62) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2005 
University of the Cumberlands (Kentucky) (March-April 2005, 99–113) . . 2005 
Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) (November-December 2004, 56–78) 2005 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


MLA STATEMENT ON THE USE OF 

PART-TIME AND FULL-TIME 
ADJUNCT FACULTY 

The following statement on the use of part-time and full-time adjunct faculty members was developed by an ad hoc committee of the 
Association of Departments of English and adopted by the MLA Executive Council in February 1994. 

The expansion of the adjunct ranks in language and literature departments 
over the past two decades threatens the integrity of the profession 
and instructional programs. The practice of hir ing numerous 
adjunct faculty members year after year to teach courses required of 
large numbers of undergraduates undermines professional and educational 
standards and academic freedom. Although adjunct appointments 
can add significant dimensions to curricula and some individuals 
prefer to accept only adjunct appointments because of other commitments, 
few adjunct appointments are made for educationally sound 
reasons. Indeed, the pr imary motivation for most of these appointments 
is to reduce the cost of instruction. 

Adjunct faculty members fall into two groups: part-time instructors 
and non-tenure-track full-time instructors. The first group includes 
both instructors who are clearly temporary members of a 
department and instructors who teach from year to year and become 
virtually permanent. Members of the second group have full teaching 
loads but, as non-tenure-track faculty members, lack the institutional 
commitment given to their tenure-track colleagues. Graduate 
students are distinct from both groups. 

The conditions under which most adjunct teachers are employed 
define them as nonprofessionals. Often they are hired quickly, as last-
minute replacements. They receive little recognition or respect for 
their contributions to their departments; almost always they are paid 
inequitably and receive no fringe benefits. 

Excessive reliance on an adjunct faculty can damage individual 
faculty members, students, institutions, and the profession. For the 
sake of an institution’s economic welfare, adjunct faculty members 
are often denied the secur ity that adequate salary, health insurance, 
and professional status can provide. The institution, in turn, suffers 
through the creation of a two-tiered system in which faculty members 
have different responsibilities and expectations. 

In the light of these concerns, the MLA urges college and university 
administrators to make new and concerted efforts to eliminate 
excessive and irresponsible adjunct faculty appointments, to improve 
employment conditions for essential adjunct faculty members, and to 

recognize the professional status and important contributions of such 
teachers. 

The MLA offers the following guidelines for the employment of 
faculty members. 

Guidelines 

1. Each department should establish an appropriate limit on the 
number of adjunct faculty members in relation to the number of 
tenured or tenure-track faculty members and of graduate students 
serving as apprentice teachers. The norm in a department should be 
the tenured or tenure-track position. As tenured faculty members retire, 
they should be replaced by tenure-track faculty members. Departments 
that routinely assign a large part of undergraduate 
instruction to adjunct faculty members should reconsider their 
staffing practices. 
2. All adjunct faculty members should be treated as professionals. 
Each department should develop a set of guidelines for adjunct faculty 
employment. These guidelines may vary from institution to institution 
but should address the following concerns: 
a. Adjunct faculty members should be hired, reviewed, and 
given teaching assignments according to processes comparable to 
those established for the tenured or tenure-track faculty members. 
b. They should be given mailboxes, office space, and clerical 
support. 
c. They should receive adequate introduction to their teaching 
assignments, departments, and institutions. 
d. They should be paid equitable prorated salar ies and 
should receive basic benefits such as health insurance. 
e. They should be eligible for incentives that foster professional 
development, including mer it raises and funds for research 
and travel. 
f. As appropriate, they should participate in determining departmental 
and institutional policies. 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


October 2005 

DEPARTMENTAL JOB LISTINGS 

Note: An [R] at the end of a listing indicates that the department offering this position reimburses candidates for expenses and returns sample materials in accordance with MLA policy (see p. i). 

ALABAMA 
Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Center Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor of English 414 

http://www.auburn.edu/english 
The Department of English at Auburn University, located in Auburn, Alabama, 
invites applications for a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in Afri


can-American literature and culture, to begin Fall semester 2006. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. 
The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate litera


ture courses as well as in the core curriculum (freshman composition and sopho


more world literature). 
Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in English or closely related 
area by the August 16, 2006 starting date (ABDs may be considered; however, 
appointment to the tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor requires 
the earned doctorate); experience teaching English at the college or university 
level; graduate course work, a dissertation and/or other evidence of 
academic preparation in the area of African-American literature and culture; evidence 
of potential for successful research, publication, and other scholarly/ 
professional activities; evidence of potential for excellence in teaching undergraduate 
and graduate courses in African-American literature and culture; interest 
in teaching core curriculum courses in freshman composition and/or 
sophomore literature (especially world literature); and good potential as a colleague 
for taking part in the life and work of the department. The candidate selected 
for this position must be able to meet eligibility United States at the time 
appointment is scheduled to begin and must be able to communicate in the language 
in which courses are to be taught. 

Desirable qualifications include broad knowledge of African-American literature 
in its cultural and historical contexts; in-depth knowledge, with appropriate theoretical 
and critical foundations, in one or more of the following areas of African-
American studies: 20th century literature, women's writings, popular 
culture, and Southern literature and culture; and successful experience teaching 
freshman composition and world literature. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest comprehensive 
research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive multicultural 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from Atlanta. The 
Department of English, the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers the BA, 
MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Communication), and PhD. 
Additional information is available on the department's web site at www.auburn 
.edu/english. 

Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2005 to George 
Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn University, 
AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by a department letter. Review 
of applications will begin November 1. Auburn University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Center Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.auburn.edu/english 
The Department of English at Auburn University, located in Auburn, Alabama, 
invites applications for two tenure-track positions, each as an Assistant Professor 


in Technical & Professional Communication to begin Fall semester 2006. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
The teaching load is 3–2. The successful applicant will join three tenured or ten


ure-track faculty in technical and professional communication and four in composition 
and rhetoric to teach graduate and undergraduate technical and 
professional communication courses in a large, supportive department. 

Required qualifications include an earned doctorate in technical and professional 
communication, rhetoric, or closely related area by the August 16, 2006 starting 
date (ABDs may be considered; however, appointment to the tenure-track positions 
at the rank of Assistant Professor requires the earned doctorate); broad 
knowledge of technical and professional communication, good potential for excellence 
in teaching undergraduate and graduate technical and professional communication 
courses and in contributing to our Master of Technical and 
Professional Communication program and our undergraduate concentration and 
minor in technical and professional communication; a promising scholarly 
agenda, good potential for publication, and good potential as a colleague for taking 
part in the life and work of the department. The candidates selected for these 
positions must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in the United 
States at the time appointments are scheduled to begin and must be able to communicate 
in the language in which courses are to be taught. 

Desirable qualifications include successful experience in teaching university-level 
technical or business writing courses in a computer-supported facility and successful 
workplace experience in technical and professional communication. Additional 
teaching and research interests in rhetoric and composition and/or 
technology studies are desirable. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest comprehensive 
university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive multicultural college 
town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from Atlanta. The Department 
of English, the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers the BA, MA, 
MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Communication), and PhD. Additional 
information is available on the department's web site at www.auburn.edu/ 
english. 

Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1, 2005 to George 
Crandell, Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn University, 
AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by a department letter. Review 
of applications will begin November 1. Auburn University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Auburn U 

English, 9030 Haley Center Auburn University AL 36849 

Assistant Professor of English 418 

http://www.auburn.edu/english 
The Department of English at Auburn University, located in Auburn, Alabama, 
invites applications for a tenure-track position as an Assistant Professor in British 

Romantic literature, to begin Fall semester 2006. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. 
The teaching load is 3–2, with assignments in upper-division and graduate litera


ture courses as well as teaching in the core curriculum (either freshman composi


tion or sophomore world literature). 
Required qualifications include a PhD in English by the August 16, 2006 starting 
date (ABDs may be considered; however, appointment to the tenure-track 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor requires the PhD); experience teaching 
English at the college or university level; graduate course work, a dissertation 
and/or other evidence of academic preparation in the area of British Romantic 
literature; evidence of potential for successful research, publication, and other 
scholarly/professional activities; evidence of potential for successful teaching in 
undergraduate and graduate courses in Romantic literature; interest and/or experience 
in teaching core curriculum courses in freshman composition and/or 
sophomore literature (especially world literature); and good potential as a colleague 
for taking part in the life and work of the department. The candidate selected 
for this position must be able to meet eligibility requirements to work in 
the United States at the time appointment is scheduled to begin and must be 
able to communicate in the language in which courses are to be taught. 

With approximately 22,000 students, Auburn University is the largest comprehensive 
research university in Alabama. It is located in an attractive multicultural 
college town in the east central part of the state 90 minutes from Atlanta. The 
Department of English, which is the largest in the College of Liberal Arts, offers 
the BA, MA, MTPC (Master of Technical and Professional Communication), 
and PhD. Additional information is available on the department's web site at 
www.auburn.edu/english. 

Send letter of application and vita postmarked by November 1 to George Crandell, 
Head, Department of English, 9030 Haley Center, Auburn University, 
Auburn, AL 36849-5203. Applications will be acknowledged by a department 
letter. Review of applications will begin November 1. Auburn University is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

Samford U 

English, 800 Lakeshore Dr Birmingham AL 35229 

Assistant Professor of English 165 

http://www.samford.edu 
Full-time tenure-track position in Film Studies beginning August 2006. Ph.D. in 
English and evidence of teaching excellence required. Preference will be given to 
candidates with secondary expertise in World Literature and/or Post-Colonialism. 
Course load is 3/3 and includes teaching in freshman interdisciplinary hu


manities or writing courses. Salary competitive. Interviews at the MLA 
convention in Washington D.C. 
Samford University is the largest privately supported and fully accredited institu


tion of higher education in Alabama. Located in suburban Birmingham, the uni


versity was founded in 1841 and has 252 full time faculty and over 4300 students. 
Applications: Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, dissertation abstract, 
one-to two-page statement of teaching philosophy, and three current letters of 
recommendation to: 

Dr. Julie Steward, Chair, Search Committee, Samford University, Department of 
English, 800 Lakeshore Drive, Birmingham, Alabama 35229-2260, e-mail: 
jsstewar@samford.edu 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until the po


sition is filled. 
Samford University is affiliated with the Alabama Baptist Convention, and candidates 
should be willing to contribute to and promote the school's mission as a 
Christian university. Samford is an Equal Opportunity Institution and welcomes 

application for employment and educational programs from all individuals regardless 
of race, color, sex, disability, or national or ethnic origin. [R] 

U of Alabama in Huntsville 

English, 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor of English 242 

http://eh@uah.edu 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks an individual with a research interest 
in Early Modern British literature, especially seventeenth-century, for a 
tenure-earning position beginning in the fall of 2006. Ph.D. by time of appointment. 
The teaching load is normally three courses per semester. Applicants 
should be interested in teaching first-year composition, sophomore literature, 
and upper-level and graduate courses in seventeenth-century British literature, 
including Milton and Shakespeare. The ability to teach creative writing and/or 
English grammar and linguistics is desirable. The department offers the B. A. and 

M. A. in English. Please send self-addressed card for acknowledgment of application. 
Send letter and vita by Nov. 15 to Dr. David Neff, Chair, Dept. of English, 
Univ. of Alabama in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. The University of Alabama 
in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 
U of Alabama in Huntsville 

English, 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor of English 243 

http://eh@uah.edu 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks an individual with a research interest 
in American ethnic literatures for a tenure-earning position beginning in 
the fall of 2006. Ph.D. by time of appointment. The teaching load is normally 
three courses per semester. Applicants should be interested in teaching first-year 
composition, sophomore literature, and upper-level and graduate courses in 
American ethnic literatures. The ability to teach creative writing and/or English 
grammar and linguistics is desirable. The department offers the B. A. and M. A. 
in English. Please send self-addressed card for acknowledgment of application. 
Send letter and vita by Nov. 15 to Dr. David Neff, Chair, Dept. of English, 
Univ. of Alabama in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. The University of Alabama 
in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Alabama in Huntsville 

English, 301 Sparkman Dr Huntsville AL 35899 

Assistant Professor of English 244 

http://eh@uah.edu 
The University of Alabama in Huntsville seeks an individual with a research interest 
in Anglophone literature for a tenure-earning position beginning in the fall 
of 2006. Ph.D. by time of appointment. The teaching load is normally three 
courses per semester. Applicants should be interested in teaching first-year composition, 
sophomore literature, and upper-level and graduate courses in Anglophone 
literature and World English. The ability to teach creative writing and/or 
English grammar and linguistics is desirable. The department offers the B. A. and 

M. A. in English. Please send self-addressed card for acknowledgment of application. 
Send letter and vita by Nov. 15 to Dr. David Neff, Chair, Dept. of English, 
Univ. of Alabama in Huntsville, Huntsville, AL 35899. The University of Alabama 
in Huntsville is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 
U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of English 957 

Tenure-track position in Medieval Literature. Teach graduate and undergraduate 
courses in Medieval literature; maintain active research and publication agenda. 
Minimum qualifications: PhD in English by date of appointment (8/16/06) with 
specialization in Medieval literature; evidence of ability to teach at the college or 
university level; publications and/or presentations in area of specialization. Preferred 
qualifications: expertise in Old English, Middle English, and/or History of 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


the English Language. Review of applications begins November 1, 2005 and 
continues until the position is filled. Send letter of application, vita, and dossier 
(or three letters of recommendation) to Medieval Literature Search Committe; 
Professor John Burke, Chair. The University of Alabama is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Assistant Professor of English 962 

Tenure-track position in non-dramatic Renaissance literature, beginning 
August 2006. Develop and teach graduate and undergraduate courses in Renaissance 
literature; maintain active research and publication agenda. Minimum qualifications: 
PhD in English; experience teaching at the college or university level; 
publications and/or presentations in area of specialization. Preferred qualifications: 
secondary specialization in gender and sexualities, race and ethnicity, cross-
cultural exchange, or material culture. Application deadline: November 1, 2005 
postmark. Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to: Renaissance Search Committee, Sharon O'Dair, Search Chair and Interim 
Director of the Hudson Strode Program in Renaissance Studies. The University 
of Alabama is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 

ARKANSAS 
U of Arkansas 

English, 2801 S University Av Little Rock AR 72204 

Assistant Professor of English 523 

http://www.ualr.edu/www.index.htmlx 
The University of Arkansas at Little Rock seeks a qualified Secondary Education 

Specialist to coordinate the department's Secondary Education program in English 
Language Arts. 
This is a full-time, tenure-track faculty position at the assistant professor level be


ginning in the fall 2006. Applicant must have Secondary Ed. Certification in 
ELA; familiarity with the latest NCATE/NCTE standards; and the ability to devise 
effective strategies for assessment. A Ph.D. in English is preferred, but Ed.D.'s 
in English education will also be considered. The successful candidate will be expected 
to teach an ELA methods course and oversee the department's Secondary 
Education Program advising and field-supervising teaching candidates. Additionally, 
participation in the sophomore core and upper-level courses is anticipated. 
Review of applications will begin November 15. Please submit a letter of application 
detailing qualifications, a dossier or three professional letters of reference, 
and a current curriculum vitae to: University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Attn: 
Dr. James Levernier, Department of English/Recruitment Committee Chair, 
2801 S. University, Little Rock, AR 72204 

The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is an equal opportunity, affirmative action 
employer and actively seeks the candidacy of minorities, women, and persons 
with disabilities. Persons hired must have proof of legal authority to work in 
the United States. [R] 

CALIFORNIA 
Biola U 

English, 13800 Biola Avenue La Mirada CA 90639 

Critical Theory and British Literature 236 

http://www.biola.edu 
Biola University's English Department seeks applicants for a full-time tenure-
track position jointly in Critical Theory and British literature (twentieth century 
preferred). Candidates must have a Ph.D. in hand by date of appointment (August 
2006). Department faculty teach four sections a semester, both surveys and 
upper-level courses. Biola is an evangelical Christian university in which faculty 
endorse a university statement of Christian faith and community values, and are 
committed to the integration of faith and learning. An equal opportunity 

employer, Biola is committed to diversity and seeks faculty who can contribute 
to multicultural understandings. Located 22 miles southeast of downtown Los 
Angeles, Biola serves a student body of over 5,000 undergraduate and graduate 
students, and is accredited by WASC. Application deadline: 11/10/05. We plan 
to attend the MLA Convention in December. Please send letter and CV to Dr. 
Carol Taylor, Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, Biola University, 
13800 Biola Ave., La Mirada, CA 90639. 

Biola U 

English, 13800 Biola Avenue La Mirada CA 90639 

Victorian Literature 237 

http://www.biola.edu 
Biola University's English Department seeks applicants with specialization in 
Victorian literature for a three-year full-time appointment, with the possibility of 
becoming tenure track. Secondary interests in Critical Theory, Post-Colonial 
Studies, or the History of the English Novel are desirable. Candidates must have 
Ph.D. in hand by date of appointment (August 2006). Department faculty teach 
four courses a semester, both surveys and upper-level courses. Biola is an evangelical 
Christian university in which faculty endorse a university statement of 
Christian faith and community values, and are committed to the integration of 
faith and learning. An equal opportunity employer, Biola is committed to diversity 
and seeks faculty who can contribute to multicultural understandings. Located 
22 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, Biola serves a student body 


of over 5,000 undergraduate and graduate students, and is accredited by WASC. 
Application deadline: 11/10/05. 
We plan to attend the MLA Convention in December. Please send letter and CV 


to Dr. Carol Taylor, Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, Biola University, 
13800 Biola Ave., La Mirada, CA 90639. 


California S Polytechnic U, Pomona 

English & For Langs, 3801 W Temple Av Pomona CA 91768 

Assistant Professor, World Literature 752 

http://www.csupomona.edu/~academic/faculty/positions/index.html 
The English and Foreign Languages Department invites applications for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor position in World Literature (specialty open) effective 
September 2006. Required Qualifications: Ph.D. in an appropriate discipline 
related to World Literature by July 1, 2006; evidence of effective teaching and 
scholarly potential. Duties and Responsibilities: teaching and developing courses 
in World Literature of various traditions, genres, and periods; teaching composition; 
student advising; and university services. Application Deadline: Completed 
applications must be received by Nov. 30, 2005. Preliminary interviews will be 
conducted at the MLA Convention in December 2005. For expanded position 
description and application form, call (909) 869-3940, e-mail 

mpaguilar@csupomona.edu or visit the Website at http://www.csupomona 
.edu/~academic/faculty/positions/index.htm 
Women and members of minorities are encouraged to apply. The University is 

an AA/EOE. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

Ethnic Studies, San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant/Associate Professor 153 

http://cla.calpoly.edu/es 
The Ethnic Studies Department at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, invites applications 
for two (2) A.Y. tenure track positions. The first tenure track position is at the 
rank of Assistant or Associate Professor to begin in September 2006. The second 
tenure-track position is at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin in September 
2006. For either position the following will apply: Candidates must have expertise 
in and be prepared to teach courses in any one or more of the following 
areas of Ethnic Studies: Africana Studies, Asian American Studies, Indigenous 
Studies, Latino/a Studies, Comparative Ethnic Studies, or Postcolonial Studies. 
Duties include teaching, scholarship, advising students, committee service, and 
contributing to the launch and development of a new major degree program in 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Comparative Ethnic Studies to begin in Fall 2006 (pending final approval by the 
CSU Chancellor's office). Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies or comparable programs in 
Social Sciences or Humanities preferred, but advanced ABD candidates will also 
be considered. The degree, however, must be completed by the time of appointment. 
Salary and rank are commensurate with experience and qualifications. To 
apply, view detailed application instructions and submit required on-line faculty 
application at www.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG for requisition #100639. Closing 
Date: Review of applications will begin November 18, 2005. Applications received 
after that date may be considered. The university actively encourages applications 
and nominations of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

Ethnic Studies, San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor 155 

http://cla.calpoly.edu/es 
The Ethnic Studies Department and the Women's Studies Program at Cal Poly, 
San Luis Obispo, invite applications for a jointly appointed, A.Y. tenure-track 
position at the rank of Assistant Professor to begin in September 2006. One-
third of the assignment will be in Women's Studies, and two-thirds of the assignment 
will be in Ethnic Studies; the position will be housed in the Ethnic Studies 
Department. Candidates must have expertise in and be prepared to teach courses 
related to the subject of gender, race, science, and technology. Candidates must 
also be able to teach both introductory and advanced courses in Women's Studies 
and courses in any one or more of the following areas of Ethnic Studies: Africana 
Studies, Asian American Studies, Indigenous Studies, Latino/a Studies, Comparative 
Ethnic Studies, or Postcolonial Studies. Duties include teaching, scholarship, 
advising students, committee service, and contributing to the launch and 
development of a new major degree program in Comparative Ethnic Studies to 
begin in Fall 2006 (pending final approval by the CSU Chancellor's office). 
Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies or comparable programs in Social Sciences or Humanities 
preferred, but advanced ABD candidates will also be considered. The degree, 
however, must be completed by the time of appointment. Salary is commensurate 
with experience and qualifications. To apply, view detailed application instructions 
and submit required on-line faculty application at www 
.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG for requisition #100637. Closing Date: Review of applications 
will begin November 18, 2005. Applications received after that date 
may be considered. The university actively encourages applications and nominations 
of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 

California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English 267 

http://cla.calpoly.edu/engl/ 
(Colonial American with background in American Renaissance OR American 
Renaissance with background in Colonial American). Full-time, academic year, 
tenure track Assistant Professor of English at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, California, 
to begin September 18, 2006. Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required. 
All tenured and tenure-track faculty teach courses in their areas of 
specialization at the undergraduate and graduate levels in addition to general education 
literature survey courses. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university with 
a 3–3-3 quarter load and correspondingly reasonable research expectations. 
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. To apply, please visit 
www.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a required online faculty application 
and submit to Requisition #100691. Please attach to your electronic application 
a cover letter, vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing sample. Have 
three current letters of recommendation and official transcripts mailed to David 
Kann, Chair, English Department, Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407-0322. 
Review of applications will begin October 16, 2005. Applications received after 
that date may be considered. For questions, please call the English Department at 

(805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. The university actively encourages applications and nominations 
of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 
California Polytechnic SU 

English, 1 Grand Av San Luis Obispo CA 93407 

Assistant Professor of English 268 

http://cla.calpoly.edu/engl/ 
(British Romanticism with strong secondary background in Eighteenth Century 
or Victorian). Full-time, academic year, tenure track Assistant Professor of English 
at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, California, to begin September 18, 2006. 
Ph.D. in English and teaching experience required. All tenured and tenure-track 
faculty teach courses in their areas of specialization at the undergraduate and 
graduate levels in addition to general education literature survey courses. Specialization 
in British Romanticism with strong secondary background in Eighteenth 
Century or Victorian. Cal Poly is primarily a teaching university with a 3–3-3 
quarter load and correspondingly reasonable research expectations. Salary is 
commensurate with qualifications and experience. To apply, please visit www 
.CALPOLYJOBS.ORG, complete a required online faculty application and 
apply to requisition #100692. Please attach to electronic application a cover letter, 
vita, statement of teaching philosophy, and writing sample. Have three current 
letters of recommendation and official transcripts mailed to David Kann, 
Chair, English Department, Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407-0322. Review 
of applications will begin October 16, 2005. Applications received after 
that date may be considered. For questions, please call the English Department at 

(805) 756-5850. Cal Poly is strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. The university actively encourages applications and nominations 
of all qualified individuals. EEO. [R] 
California SU, Chico 

English, Chico CA 95929 

Assistant Professor-19th-20th Century British Literature 332 

http://www.csuchico.edu 
The English Department at California State University, Chico seeks to fill a tenure-
track Assistant Professor position in British and/or Irish Literature beginning 
Fall 2006. The minimum requirement for appointment to this position is an 
earned doctorate in English-19th-20th Century British Literature at the time of 
the appointment. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and a commitment to 
and evidence of research and publication. Scholarly interest in the historical and 
social contexts of literature is desirable. Knowledge of and interest in working 
with California's diverse student population. As a university that educates students 
of various ethnic and cultural backgrounds, we value a diverse faculty and 
staff and seek to create as diverse a pool of candidates as possible. Review of applications 
will begin December 2, 2005, and will continue until the position is 
filled. Send letter, dossier and three letters of rec. to Lynn Elliott, Chair. English 
Dept., California State University, Chico, CA. 95929-0830. Chico is an EEO/ 
AA/ADA employer and only employs individuals lawfully authorized to work in 
the U.S. [R] 

California SU, Chico 

English, Chico CA 95929 

Assistant Professor-Long 18th Century British Literature 331 

http://www.csuchico.edu 
The English Department at California State University, Chico seeks to fill a tenure-
track Assistant Professor position in British Literature, 1660–1820 beginning 
Fall 2006. The minimum requirement for appointment to this position is an 
earned doctorate in English-Long 18th Century British Literature at the time of 
the appointment. Demonstrated excellence in teaching and a commitment to 
and evidence of research and publication. Scholarly interest in the historical and 
social contexts of literature is desirable. Knowledge of and interest in working 
with California's diverse student population. As a university that educates students 
of various ethnic and cultural backgrounds, we value a diverse faculty and 
staff and seek to create as diverse a pool of candidates as possible. Review of applications 
will begin December 2, 2005, and will continue until the position is 
filled. Send letter, dossier and three letters of rec. to Lynn Elliott, Chair. English 
Dept., California State University, Chico, CA. 95929-0830. Chico is an EEO/ 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


AA/ADA employer and only employs individuals lawfully authorized to work in 
the U.S. [R] 

California SU, Fullerton 

English, Comp Lit, & Linguistics, PO Box 6868 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor of English/Early American Literature 455 

http://hss.fullerton.edu/english/index.htm 
The Department of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in Early American literature 
beginning August 2006. Teaching would include specialty courses at 
upper-division and MA levels, introductory surveys, general education, composition, 
and other courses depending on candidate's interests and departmental 
needs. A secondary teaching specialization in one of the following areas is desirable: 
applied linguistics/structure of modern English, literary theory (especially 
pre-20th Century), drama, the novel, Bible as literature, classical mythology, 
world literature, and children's literature. Department faculty normally teach four 
courses each semester. Re-assigned time available for research, course development, 
and departmental responsibilities. Teaching load reduction provided for 
the first two years of appointment and may be extended. Faculty members advise 
undergraduate students and serve on faculty committees. Positive tenure and 
promotion decisions require excellent teaching as well as peer-reviewed publication 
and participation in the broader disciplinary community. Ability to interact 
effectively with a wide and culturally diverse range of students is essential. Ph.D. 
in English with training and experience in Early American literature required by 
August 2006. ABD's considered but must show evidence of degree completion 
prior to appointment. Evidence of successful teaching and potential for successful 
publication essential. Starting salary competitive and commensurate with 
qualifications and experience. Submit letter of interest, curriculum vitae, and 
dossier to Joseph Sawicki, Chair, Department of English, Comparative Literature, 
and Linguistics, University Hall 323, California State University Fullerton, 
Fullerton, CA 92834-6848. Application acknowledged by letter. Preliminary interviews 
at MLA. Applications postmarked by November 11, 2005 receive full 
consideration. CSUF is an AA/EEO/TITLE IX/ADA Employer. [R] 

California SU, Fullerton 

English, Comp Lit, & Linguistics, PO Box 6868 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor of English/English Education 458 

http://hss.fullerton.edu/english/index.htm 
The Department of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in English Education 
and the training of prospective high school teachers beginning August 2006. The 
individual in this position, who will provide leadership to the Secondary Credential 
Program in English, will teach the English methods class, advise prospective 
teachers, supervise student externs and interns, serve as a liaison to the 
University's Secondary Education Program, and participate in university/public 
school collaborations. A secondary teaching specialization in one of the following 
areas desirable: applied linguistics/structure of modern English, literary theory 
(especially pre-20th Century), drama, the novel, Bible as literature, classical 
mythology, world literature, and children's literature. Department faculty normally 
teach four courses each semester. Re-assigned time available for research, 
course development, and departmental responsibilities. Teaching load reduction 
provided for the first two years of appointment and may be extended. Faculty 
members advise undergraduate students and serve on faculty committees. Positive 
tenure and promotion decisions require excellent teaching as well as peer-reviewed 
publication and participation in the broader disciplinary community. 
Ability to interact effectively with a wide and culturally diverse range of students 
essential. Ph.D. in English with training and experience in English Education required 
by August 2006. ABD's considered but must show evidence of degree 
completion prior to appointment. Evidence of successful teaching and potential 
for successful publication essential. Starting salary competitive and commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Submit letter of interest, curriculum vitae, 
and dossier to Joseph Sawicki, Chair, Department of English, Comparative Literature, 
and Linguistics, University Hall 323, California State University Fullerton, 
Fullerton, CA 92834-6848. Application acknowledged by letter. Preliminary in


terviews at MLA. Applications postmarked by November 11, 2005 receive full 
consideration. CSUF is an AA/EEO/TITLE IX/ADA Employer. [R] 

California SU, Fullerton 

English, Comp Lit, & Linguistics, PO Box 6868 Fullerton CA 92834 

Assistant Professor of English/19th Century British Literature 457 

http://hss.fullerton.edu/english/index.htm 
The Department of English, Comparative Literature, and Linguistics invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in 19th Century British 
literature beginning August 2006. Teaching would include specialty courses 
at upper-division and MA levels, introductory surveys, general education, composition, 
and other courses depending on the candidate's interests and departmental 
needs. A secondary teaching specialization in one of the following areas is 
desirable: applied linguistics/structure of modern English, literary theory (especially 
pre-20th Century), drama, the novel, Bible as literature, classical mythology, 
world literature, and children's literature. Department faculty normally teach 
four courses each semester. Re-assigned time available for research, course development, 
and departmental responsibilities. Teaching load reduction provided for 
the first two years of appointment and may be extended. Faculty members advise 
undergraduate students and serve on faculty committees. Positive tenure and 
promotion decisions require excellent teaching as well as peer-reviewed publication 
and participation in the broader disciplinary community. Ability to interact 
effectively with a wide and culturally diverse range of students essential. Ph.D. in 
English with training and experience in 19th Century British literature required 
by August 2006. ABD's considered but must show evidence of degree completion 
prior to appointment. Evidence of successful teaching and potential for successful 
publication essential. Starting salary is competitive and commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Submit letter of interest, curriculum vitae, 
and dossier to Joseph Sawicki, Chair, Department of English, Comparative Literature, 
and Linguistics, University Hall 323, California State University Fullerton, 
Fullerton, CA 92834-6848. Application acknowledged by letter. Preliminary interviews 
at MLA. Applications postmarked by November 11, 2005 receive full 
consideration. CSUF is an AA/EEO/TITLE IX/ADA Employer. [R] 

California SU, Monterey Bay 

Division of Humanities and Communication, 100 Campus Ctr, Bldg. 2 
Seaside CA 93955 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English and Coordinator for English Subject 
Preparation 315 

http://uhr.csumb.edu/jobs/db/fac/ 
Ph.D. in English or allied discipline, with scholarship and teaching experience in 
composition and rhetoric, literary studies, and/or linguistics. Preference will be 
given to candidates with expertise and teaching experience in British Literature 

and postcolonial cultural studies. Additional expertise in ethnic, gender and sexuality, 
disability studies, or other related interdisciplinary fields desirable. 
Serve as principal subject advisor to students pursuing careers as secondary En


glish teachers. Serve as primary liaison with the field-based education program, 
the California Teaching Credentialing Commission, and regional school districts. 
Familiarity with outcomes-based or other innovative assessment models. This 
position is tenure track and begins in Fall of 2006. 

To view a complete description of the above job posting online and to apply, 
please visit: http://uhr.csumb.edu/jobs/db/fac/. 

California SU, Northridge 

English, 18111 Nordhoff St Northridge CA 91330 

Assistant Professor of English 749 

http://www.csun.edu/english/ 
Assistant Professor of English: Modern British Literature 
Assistant Professor, tenure track, with PhD in English or related field, awarded 

prior to August 19, 2006. Specialization in Modern British Literature. Desirable 
secondary in Victorian Literature. Additional areas may include queer studies, 
ethnic studies, postcolonial studies. Candidates should expect to teach under-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


graduate and graduate courses in their specialization, as well as general education 
courses. Evidence of teaching effectiveness required. Publication in field of specialization 
desirable. Standard teaching load is 12 units/semester, although reassigned 
time may be available. Applicants must demonstrate a commitment to 
working with a diverse student population at a Learning Centered University 
committed to active learning, assessment of learning outcomes, and multiple 
pathways to graduate. All faculty will serve on department and/or University 
committees and advise students. 

Primary consideration given to applications received by November 21, 2005. Interviews 
at MLA. Send letter of application, c.v., brief writing sample, three letters 
of recommendation or dossier to: Search and Screen Committee; 
Department of English; California State University, Northridge; Northridge, CA 
91330-8248 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor of English in Creative Writing (Fiction) and Modern/ 
Contemporary Fiction 279 

http://www.csus.edu/engl 
Asst. Prof. of English, tenure-track position, effective Fall 2006. We invite applications 
for a position in Creative Writing (Fiction) with expertise in Modern/ 
Contemporary Fiction (either British and/or American). Additional expertise in 
Creative Non-Fiction desirable. Ph.D. in English required. Salary range (Asst. 
Prof.): $45,000-$53,000. College-level teaching experience required; ability to 
teach composition required. Four-course load with diverse student population, 
committee work, scholarly/creative work, advising, and community service. 
Will accept applications until position is filled, but for consideration for an interview 
at MLA, applications must be received by November 21, 2005. Send letter 
of application, curriculum vitae, copies of ALL transcripts, and three letters of 
recommendation to Dr. Joshua McKinney, Personnel Chair, Department of English, 
California State University, Sacramento, 6000 J. Street, Sacramento, CA 
95819-6075. Sacramento State is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

California SU, Sacramento 

English, 6000 J St Sacramento CA 95819 

Assistant Professor of English in Multi-Ethnic Literature 278 

http://www.csus.edu/engl 
Asst. Prof. of English, tenure-track position, effective Fall 2006. We invite applications 
for a position in Multi-Ethnic Literature with expertise in one or more of 
the following literatures: Latino/Latina, African-American, and Native American. 
Ph.D. in English required. Salary range (Asst. Prof.): $45,000-$53,000. College-
level teaching experience required; ability to teach composition required. 
Four-course load with diverse student population, committee work, scholarly 
work, advising, and community service. Will accept applications until position is 
filled, but for consideration for an interview at MLA, applications must be received 
by November 21, 2005. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, copies 
of ALL transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Joshua 
McKinney, Personnel Chair, Department of English, California State University, 
Sacramento, 6000 J Street, Sacramento, CA 95819-6075. Sacramento State is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

California SU, San Bernardino 

English, 5500 University Pky San Bernardino CA 92407 

Assistant Professor of Poetry Writing 758 

http://csusb.edu 
We expect to hire a tenure-track assistant professor in poetry writing, effective 
Fall 2006. A terminal degree (M.F.A or Ph.D.) is required at the time of appointment. 
Candidates should have a first-rate record of poetry publication and, 
preferably, a secondary specialization in the history of the English language, medieval 
literature, or children's literature. Tenure-track faculty normally teach 
three classes per quarter, including both upper and lower-division courses. Please 

send a letter and vita by November 18th, 2005 to Ron Chen, Chair, English 
Department, California State University, 5500 University Pkwy, San Bernardino, 
CA 92407. California State University, San Bernardino is an equal opportunity 
employer committed to a diversified workforce. [R] 

Claremont Grad U 

English, 121 East Tenth Street Claremont CA 91711 

Open Rank 444 

http://www.cgu.edu/culturalstudies 
The School of the Arts & Humanities and the Department of Cultural Studies at 
Claremont Graduate University invite applications for two tenure-track positions 
at open rank, to begin in Fall 2006. We are seeking two scholars who will contribute 
actively to interdisciplinary study in a small graduate humanities school 
with programs in Cultural Studies, English, History, and Philosophy. While the 
field is open, ideal candidates will demonstrate strong disciplinary grounding in 
textual analysis and/or historical methodology. We have a particular interest in 
applicants in one or more of the following areas of competence: ethnic studies, 


gender studies, visual culture and/or community-based studies. Ph.D. required by 
time of appointment. 
Applicants please see website for full details and application process. 
Review of applications will begin October 1, 2005. 
In addition to meeting its obligations under federal and state law, Claremont 


Graduate University is committed to increasing faculty diversity. 


Humboldt SU 

English, 201 Founders Hall Arcata CA 95521 

Assistant Professor of English 906 

http://www.humboldt.edu 
Literature and Cultural Studies: We particularly seek candidates who employ 
comparatist, historicist, or interdisciplinary approaches to the study of literature, 
textuality and culture. All candidates must have a demonstrated teaching ability 
in British Literature; additional areas of specialization might include one or more 
of the following: Cultural Studies, Transnational (including Border, Diaspora, 


Postcolonial, Atlantic, or Pacific Rim) Studies, Multicultural Queer Studies, 
Media and/or Textual Studies, etc. 
Ph.D. or equivalent required at time of appointment; evidence of scholarly po


tential desirable. Preference will be given to versatile candidates with a successful 
record of undergraduate teaching. Department offers a variety of undergraduate 
and graduate (M.A.) courses, with regular opportunities for teaching within 
one's area of specialization. Possibilities also exist for teaching and/or cross-listing 
in Ethnic Studies, Women's Studies and International Studies. Normal load is 
three courses per semester; additional duties include advising and committee 
work. Send letter of application, vita, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
to Michael Eldridge, Search Committee Chair, at the above address. 
Complete applications received by December 10th will receive full consideration. 
Please see more detailed job announcement at: http://www.humboldt 
.edu/~facpers/facvac.html. HSU is an EO/Title IX/ADA employer. [R] 


Loyola Marymount U 

English, 1 LMU Drive, Suite 3800 Los Angeles CA 90045 

Assistant Professor of English 445 

http://www.lmu.edu 
Assistant Professor of English in Medieval Ebglish Literature 
The department of English at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles 

seeks an assistant professor of English to fill a tenure-track position in Medieval 
English Literature beginning in Fall 2006. A Ph.D., a record of successful undergraduate 
teaching, and evidence of a promising research program are required. 
Additionally, experience and expertise in any of the following secondary fields 
would strengthen the application: Anglo-Saxon, English Romanticism or Composition 
Program administration. The normal teaching load is 3/3 with possible 
remissions if the applicant is hired to assist the Director of Freshman Writing. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Please send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and a statement of teaching 
philosophy and research plans to Dr. Theresia de Vroom, Chair of Search Committee, 
Department of English, 1 LMU Drive, Suite 3800, Los Angeles, CA, 
90045-2659 by October 27, 2005. Full dossiers will be requested of selected 
candidates. We will conduct interviews at MLA 2005 in Washington, D.C. 

LMU offers a pre-tenure sabbatical and opportunities for research and course development 
grants to support the scholarship and teaching of junior faculty. We 
also have a Housing Assistance Program and a Rental Assistance Program to help 
faculty find affordable housing. 

Loyola Marymount, a comprehensive university in the mainstream of American 
Catholic higher education, seeks outstanding candidates who value its mission 
and share its commitment to academic excellence, the education of the whole 
person, and the building of a just society. LMU is an equal opportunity institution, 
actively working to promote an intercultural learning community. Women 
and candidates of color are encouraged to apply. For more complete information 
about Loyola Marymount and the English Department, consult our website at: 
www.lmu.edu. [R] 

Occidental C 

English & Comp Literary Studies, 1600 Campus Rd Los Angeles CA 90041 

Assistant Professor of English 745 

http://www.oxy.edu 
The Department of English and Comparative Literary Studies at Occidental 
College seeks applicants for a full-time tenure track assistant professorship in 
world literature and postcolonial theory, with serious academic preparation in 
nineteenth-century British literature. Candidates should be prepared to present 
these areas with a methodology that is inter-disciplinary and attentive to the 
needs of a diverse student body in the context of a liberal arts institution. A secondary 
emphasis in women's studies/gender theory is highly desirable. Demonstrated 
excellence in instruction is essential, and some facility with general 

education and community service based learning would be useful. Candidates 
should be actively engaged in scholarly research and publication. 
Applicants should submit a letter of interest demonstrating a commitment to aca


demic excellence in a diverse liberal arts environment, and including a statement 
of teaching philosophy, areas of teaching interest, and plans for research/creative 
work; a curriculum vitae; samples of scholarly or creative work; teaching evaluations 
if relevant, and three letters of recommendation to: Dr. Daniel D. Fineman, 
Department of English and Comparative Literary Studies, Occidental College, 
1600 Campus Road, Los Angeles, California 90041. All materials are due by 
November 21, 2005. 

Occidental College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. The 
College is committed to academic excellence in a diverse community and to 
supporting interdisciplinary and multicultural academic programs that provide a 
gifted and diverse group of students with an educational experience that prepares 
them for leadership in a pluralistic world. Women and minorities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Pitzer C 

English & World Lit, 1050 N Mills Av Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of English and World Literatures, British Literature 116 

http://www.pitzer.edu 
English and World Literatures: British Literature 
Pitzer College invites applications for a tenure track position at the Assistant Pro


fessor level in 19th and 20th Century British literatures, including diasporas. Applicants 
should seek to demonstrate research and teaching qualifications in 
theoretical areas such as, but not limited to, gender and sexuality, race, media and 
transnational literary studies. The successful candidate will teach British survey 
courses as well as courses in her/his areas of theoretical and literary expertise. 

Pitzer College, a member of the Claremont Colleges, has a strong institutional 
commitment to the principles of diversity in all areas and strongly encourages 
candidates from underrepresented social groups. We favor candidates who can 
contribute to the College's distinctive educational objectives, which promote interdisciplinary 
perspectives, intercultural understanding, and concern with social 

responsibility and the ethical implications of knowledge and action. Pitzer College 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. For the successful 
applicant with the relevant interests, affiliations are possible with the intercollegiate 
departments of Asian American Studies, Black Studies, Chicano/Latino 
Studies, and/or Women's Studies. 

To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vitae, selected evidence of excellence 
in teaching and research, statement of teaching philosophy, a description of 
your research, and three letters of recommendation to Alan Jones, Dean of Faculty, 
1050 N. Mills Ave., Claremont, CA, 91711. The deadline for applying is 
October 31, 2005. [R] 

Pitzer C 

English & World Lit, 1050 N Mills Av Claremont CA 91711 

Assistant Professor of English and World Literatures, American Literature 117 

http://www.pitzer.edu 
English and World Literatures: American Literature 
Pitzer College invites applications for a tenure track position at the Assistant Pro


fessor level in 19th and 20th Century American literature in the context of the 
history of American literature and Chicano/Latino literatures. Applicants should 
seek to demonstrate research and teaching qualifications in theoretical areas such 
as, but not limited to, gender and sexuality, race, media or national literary studies 
in the Americas. Candidates with qualifications in Chicano/Latino literary 
studies are strongly encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will teach 
American survey courses as well as courses in her/his areas of theoretical and literary 
expertise. 

Pitzer College, a member of the Claremont Colleges, has a strong institutional 
commitment to the principles of diversity in all areas and strongly encourages 
candidates from underrepresented social groups. We favor candidates who can 
contribute to the College's distinctive educational objectives, which promote interdisciplinary 
perspectives, intercultural understanding, and concern with social 
responsibility and the ethical implications of knowledge and action. Pitzer College 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. For the successful 
applicant with the relevant interests, affiliations are possible with the intercollegiate 
departments of Asian American Studies, Black Studies, Chicano/Latino 
Studies, and/or Women's Studies. 

To apply, send letter of application, curriculum vitae, selected evidence of excellence 
in teaching and research, statement of teaching philosophy, a description of 
your research, and three letters of recommendation to Alan Jones, Dean of Faculty, 
1050 N. Mills Ave., Claremont, CA, 91711. The deadline for applying is 
October 31, 2005. [R] 

San Diego SU 

English & Comp Lit, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182 

OPEN RANK Professor of English and Comparative Literature: Poet 867 

http://www.rohan.sdsu.edu/dept/english 
Tenure-track specialist in poetry with distinguished teaching experience and 
publications, with expertise in one or more areas of creative writing: program 
development and administration; literary publishing; fiction. Ph.D. or M.F.A. required. 
The successful candidate should have significant experience in teaching 
poetry, as well as other genres of creative writing and literature. Applicant should 
be a well-published writer, with at least two volumes of poetry, who has a deep 
commitment to teaching and writing, as well as experience in program development, 
program administration, and/or editing, and one who sees these responsibilities 
as complementary rather than competing activities. Teaching experience 
should include creative writing workshops, form and theory seminars, and literature 
classes. Administrative and editorial experience can be varied, but the successful 
candidate should be prepared to work toward assuming either the 

directorship of the MFA program and/or the editorship of an international poetry 
journal. 
Demonstrated commitment to working with diverse student population re


quired. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. Send applications 
to include cover letter, CV, and dossier (letters of recommendation and 
official or unofficial transcripts) to Sherry Burgus Little, Chair, Department of 
English and Comparative Literature, San Diego State University, 5500 Cam-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


panile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-8140. Explain in cover letter how expertise 
in relevant areas is demonstrated by teaching experience, publications, and/or 
dissertation. Review of applications will begin October 17, 2005. Applications 
should be postmarked by Monday, November 7, 2005. We particularly seek candidates 
who mirror the diversity of the university and its surrounding urban 
community. SDSU is a Title IX, Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate 
against individuals on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual 
orientation, gender, marital status, age disability or veteran status, including veteran 
of the Vietnam era. [R] 

San Diego SU 

English & Comp Lit, 5500 Campanile Dr San Diego CA 92182 

Assistant Professor of English and Comparative Literature: 19th Century British 
Literature 873 

http://www.rohan.sdsu.edu/dept/english 
Tenure-track specialist in 19th Century British Literature to teach undergraduate 
courses as well as graduate courses at the Master's level. Ph.D. in English or 
Comparative Literature in a relevant field required. The successful candidate 
should have demonstrated teaching excellence and the ability to work with a diverse 
student population and be willing to commit time to department and university 
service. The candidate must have expertise in 19th Century British 
Literature, especially in literature of the Romantic period. Because we have 
many new course offerings in multinational authors, genres, and ideas, the candidate 
should also be able to cross boundaries and have secondary expertise in one 
or more of the following: the Romantic tradition on the Continent, the Victorian 
Age, the Age of Decadence, Continental Realism. Relevant previous or 
current publication demonstrating expertise and research interest in 19th Century 
British Literature is required. Send applications to include cover letter, CV, 
and dossier (letters of recommendation and official or unofficial transcripts) to 
Sherry Burgus Little, Chair, Department of English and Comparative Literature, 
San Diego State University, 5500 Campanile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-8140. 
Explain in cover letter how expertise in relevant areas is demonstrated by teaching 
experience, publications, and/or dissertation. Review of applications will 
begin October 17, 2005. Applications should be postmarked by Monday, November 
7, 2005. We particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the 
university and its surrounding urban community. SDSU is a Title IX, Equal Opportunity 
employer and does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of 
race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, marital status, age disability 
or veteran status, including veteran of the Vietnam era. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

Creative Writing, 1600 Holloway Ave San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of Poetry 899 

http://www.sfsu.edu/~cwriting/ 
The Department of Creative Writing at San Francisco State University seeks 
candidates for two approved tenure-track positions in Creative Writing, poetry, 
at the Assistant, Associate, or Full level to begin Fall 2006. Responsibilities include 
teaching in the B.A., M.A., and M.F.A. programs; supervising M.A. and 

M.F.A. theses; reading yearly applications to the graduate programs; contributing 
to curriculum development; and campus, community, and professional service. 
Normal teaching load three courses per semester. Minimum qualifications: 
M.F.A. or equivalent with a strong commitment to university teaching and book 
publication. Experience teaching at the university level. Expertise in translation 
or a second genre (fiction, playwriting, non-fiction) desirable. Appointment 
with tenure possible if the successful candidate is appointed at the Associate or 
Full level. Salary competitive, commensurate with qualifications. Information 
about the Creative Writing Department available at the following websites: 
http://www.sfsu.edu/~cwriting/, and http://www.sfsu.edu~poetry/. 
To apply: Submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 3 letters of recommendation, 
a ten-page writing sample, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. 
Only semi-finalists will be asked to send copies of their books. Send to: Chair, 
Search Committee, Creative Writing Department, San Francisco State University, 
1600 Holloway Avenue, San Francisco CA 94132. Review of application 

will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until suitable candidates are selected. 
SFSU is an AA/EO employer. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of English 206 

http://www.sfsu.edu 
Tenure-track Asst. Prof. opening Fall 2006: Req. Ph.D. completed by time of 
appointment in 19th/20th C. American literature, with specialization in prose/ 
the novel and desirable sub-specialty in Asian-American literature, literature of 
the Western U.S. including Chicano literature, African American literature, and 
gender studies. Full C.V. and dossier req. by 11/18/05 to Jim Kohn, Chair, 
English Department (Attn. Lit Search Committee). SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of English 233 

http://www.sfsu.edu 
Tenure-track Asst. Prof. opening Fall 2006: Req. Ph.D. or equivalent in reading 
or related field, with specialization in post-secondary reading, completed by time 
of appointment in Post-Secondary Reading, including instruction of integrated 
reading-writing at the post-secondary level. Advise and develop courses in reading 
theory and pedagogy for graduate students seeking certification and M.A. in 
teaching post-secondary reading and composition. Full C.V. and dossier req. by 
11/15/05 to James Kohn, Chair, English Dept. (ATTN Comp Search Committee). 
SFSU is an AA/EO employer. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of English 232 

http://www.sfsu.edu 
Tenure-track Asst. Prof. opening Fall 2006: Req. Ph.D. or equivalent in English 
Ed or related field completed by time of appointment in English Education, including 
English Language Arts curriculum and methods, Young Adult literature, 
advanced composition for teachers, and selected graduate seminars in composition 
studies and/or other area(s) of specialization. Also advise English credential 
candidates, and develop courses and programs aligned with California curriculum 
standards. Full C.V. and dossier req. by 11/15/05 to James Kohn, Chair, 
English Dept. (ATTN Comp Search Committee). SFSU is an AA/EO 
employer. [R] 

San Francisco SU 

English, 1600 Holloway Av San Francisco CA 94132 

Assistant Professor of English 207 

http://www.sfsu.edu 
Tenure-track Asst. Prof. opening Fall 2006: Req. Ph.D. completed by time of 
appointment in 16th/17th C. transatlantic literature, including Shakespeare, the 
Metaphysical and Cavalier poets, Milton, and Colonial American literature. Full 

C.V. and dossier req. by 11/18/05 to Jim Kohn, Chair, English Department 
(Attn. Lit Search Committee). SFSU is an AA/EO employer. [R] 
Santa Clara U 

English, 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara CA 95053 

Assistant Professor of African American Literature 974 

http://www.scu.edu 
The English Department at Santa Clara University invites applications for a tenure-
track faculty position in African American literature starting September 1, 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


2006. Qualified applicants must have a Ph.D. by June 2006 and must have demonstrated 
excellence in teaching African American literature; show evidence of 
potential or accomplishment in scholarly publishing; and be committed to working 
with undergraduates. In addition, expertise in any of the following is desirable: 
American studies; ethnic studies; African and African diasporic literatures 
and cultures; cultural studies; other areas of American literature; intersections of 
race, gender, and class; critical race theory; sociolinguistics and dialectology; 
rhetorical or discourse theories; intersections of race, rhetoric, and composition; 
community-based learning. Send letter of application and CV to Phyllis R. 
Brown, Chair, Department of English, 500 El Camino Real, Santa Clara, CA 
95053-0310. Applications must be received by November 1, 2005. 

Santa Clara University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer 
and welcomes applications from women, persons of color, and members of historically 
underrepresented groups. The University will provide reasonable accommodation 
to all qualified individuals with a disability. [R] 

Santa Rosa JrC 

English, 1501 Mendocino Av Santa Rosa CA 95401 

English Instructor 619 

http://www.santarosa.edu/hr 
The English Department is seeking candidates who have both the commitment 
and ability to teach the full range of community college classes, including developmental-
level reading and writing, freshman composition, creative writing and 
lower-division literature classes. In addition to teaching, instructors serve on both 

department and college committees, attend department meetings, and participate 
in the development of curriculum and student learning objectives. 
We have one full-time, regular contract position in the English Department of 

Santa Rosa Junior College beginning Fall Semester, August 2006, with the potential 
of a second position that would be announced later in Fall 2005. We have 
the further potential of offering an additional English Department contract position 
specific to our Petaluma campus. [R] 

Stanford U 

Art & Art History, 435 Lasuen Mall Stanford CA 94305 

Assistant Professor of Film and Media Studies, Asian Cinema 889 

http://art.stanford.edu/ugrad.php?content=fsmajor 
Stanford University's Film and Media Studies Program is seeking candidates for a 
tenure-track Assistant Professorship with an emphasis on the field of Asian cinema, 
including East Asia (China, Japan, Hong Kong, South & North Korea, Taiwan), 
South-East Asia (Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines), and 
South-Central Asia (India, Iran). The appointment is expected to begin September 
1, 2006. Candidates must also be able to teach a range of core courses that 
emphasize issues of aesthetics, history, cultural study, and critical theory. The 
Film and Media Studies Program, part of the Department of Art and Art History, 
welcomes scholars committed to excellence in research and publication and 

to creative teaching on both the graduate and undergraduate level. Applicants 
must have a completed doctorate in hand by the date of the appointment. 
Please send a cover letter, CV, sample syllabi, and three letters from references 

who can speak to your scholarship and teaching ability to Professor Scott Bukatman, 
Department of Art & Art History, 435 Lasuen Mall, Stanford University, 
Stanford, CA 94305-2018, contact email: xbody@stanford.edu, with a cc to: 
mhkelly@stanford.edu. Stanford University is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer. [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Associate Professor, Professor, or Lecturer (with Security of Employment) of English 
712 

http://english.berkeley.edu/ 
The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for a tenured position in 
poetry writing at the senior level (Associate Professor, Professor, or Lecturer with 
Security of Employment). Requirements: distinguished body of publications, 


demonstrated ability to teach upper-division courses in literature as well as creative 
writing. The position is to be effective July 1, 2006, pending budgetary approval. 
Candidates should send application letter, CV, the names and current 
addresses of three to five referees, self-addressed stamped postcard for acknowledgment, 
and one published volume of poetry to serve as a writing sample to 
Search Chair, English Department, 322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC Berkeley, 
Berkeley, CA 94720-1030. All applications must be postmarked no later than 
November 1, 2005, to be considered. The University of California is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Refer potential reviewers to the UC Berkeley Statement of Confidentiality 
found at: http://apo.chance.berkeley.edu/evalltr.html [R] 

U of California, Berkeley 

English, MC 1030, 322 Wheeler Hall Berkeley CA 94720 

Assistant Professor of English 706 

http://english.berkeley.edu/ 
The University of California, Berkeley, seeks applicants for a tenure-track position 
as Assistant Professor (Ph.D. required) specializing in British and/or Irish Literature 
After 1945. The appointment is to be effective July 1, 2006, subject to 
budgetary approval. Candidates should send application letter, dossier or at least 
three letters of recommendation, self-addressed stamped postcard for acknowledgment, 
and two copies of both CV and writing sample of no more than 6000 
words to Search Chair, English Department, 322 Wheeler Hall #1030, UC 
Berkeley, Berkeley CA 94720-1030. All applications must be postmarked no 
later than October 21, 2005, to be considered. The University of California is an 
Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Ave, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor of English 310 

http://www.nglish.ucdavis.edu/positions.htm 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor in Asian American Literature, to begin Fall 2006. 
Candidates must show evidence or strong promise of scholarly productivity and a 

strong commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate and 

graduate levels. 
The position is open until filled. To ensure consideration prior to the MLA convention, 
send letter of application, c.v., dossier, and a writing sample (20–30 
pages) to David Robertson, Chair of English, postmarked no later than November 
1, 2005. 

The University of California is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of diversity among its 
faculty and staff. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Ave, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant Professor of English 309 

http://www.nglish.ucdavis.edu/positions.htm 

The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor in Victorian Literature, to begin Fall 2006. 
Candidates must show evidence or strong promise of scholarly productivity and a 

strong commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate and 

graduate levels. 
The position is open until filled. To ensure consideration prior to the MLA convention, 
send letter of application, c.v., dossier, and a writing sample (20–30 
pages) to David Robertson, Chair of English, postmarked no later than November 
1, 2005. 

The University of California is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of diversity among its 
faculty and staff. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of California, Davis 

English, 1 Shields Ave, Voorhies Rm 166 Davis CA 95616 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 311 

http://www.nglish.ucdavis.edu/positions.htm 
The Department of English, University of California, Davis, invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor position in Postcolonial Literature 
and Theory, to begin Fall 2006. We seek an individual expert in Anglophone 
literature written outside Great Britain and the United States. National 

literature of concentration and historical period open. Gender studies emphasis 
preferred. 
Candidates must show evidence or strong promise of scholarly productivity and a 

strong commitment to excellence in teaching at both the undergraduate and 

graduate levels. 
The position is open until filled. To ensure consideration prior to the MLA convention, 
send letter of application, c.v., dossier, and a writing sample (20–30 
pages) to David Robertson, Chair of English, postmarked no later than November 
1, 2005. 

The University of California is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer 
with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of diversity among its 
faculty and staff. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

School of Humanities, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Advanced Associate or Full Professor in American Literature 348 

http://www.humanties.uci.edu 
The Department of English at the University of California at Irvine invites appli


cations for a tenured position in American Literature at the advanced Associate 
or Full Professor rank. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names of three references to 

Jerome Christensen, Chair, UCI, Department of English, Irvine, California 
92697-2650. Review of applications will begin on October 15, 2005. Position 
will remain open until filled. 

The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer committed 
to excellence through diversity and has a National Science Foundation Advance 
Gender Equity Program. [R] 

U of California, Irvine 

School of Humanities, 435 Humanities Instructnl Bldg Irvine CA 92697 

Senior Scholar in Postcolonial Studies 983 

http://www.humanities.uci.edu/complit 
The Department of Comparative Literature at the University of California, 
Irvine, with historic ties to the Critical Theory Institute, seeks to hire a senior 
scholar with a distinguished record in postcolonial studies for an appointment 
starting Fall 2006. Strong emphasis on critical theory desired along with an interest 
in working across disciplinary boundaries and contributing to our intellectual 
and curricular ties to other departments and programs in the Humanities and Social 
Sciences. An important part of the campus since its opening, Comparative 
Literature has recently moved to departmental status, and is a vital and growing 
unit on an intellectually thriving campus which hosts the UC-wide Humanities 
Research Institute, the International Center for Writing and Translation, the 
Center for East Asian Studies, and the Dr. Samuel M. Jordan Center for Persian 
Studies and Culture. We will begin reviewing applications on October 1, 2005. 
Letters and c.v. should be addressed to Gabriele Schwab, care of Arielle Read, 


Department of Comparative Literature, 435 Humanities Instructional Building, 
University of California, Irvine, 92697-2651. 
The University of California, Irvine is an equal opportunity employer commit


ted to excellence through diversity and has a National Science Foundation Advance 
Gender Equity Program. [R] 


U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 2225 Rolfe Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Junior level Medievalist position 238 

One Tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level in Medieval Literature. 
Candidates who wish to be considered should send, before November 1, 2005, 
his or her letter of application, C.V., dossier and a 20–30 page writing sample to: 
Thomas Wortham, Chair, Department of English, UCLA, 2225 Rolfe Hall, Box 
951530, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Position subject to final budgetary approval. 
UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

English, 2225 Rolfe Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Assistant Professor level in Latino/a Chicano/a literature and culture 239 

One tenure track position at the Assistant Professor level in Latino/a Chicano/a 
literature and culture. Candidates who wish to be considered should send a letter 
of application, CV, Dossier, and a 20–30 page writing sample before 
November 1, 2005 to: Thomas Wortham, Chair, UCLA Department of English, 
2225 Rolfe Hall, Box 951530, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1530. Position subject to 
final budgetary approval. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

English, 2607 South Hall Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance Literature 276 

http://www.english.ucsb.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor. We invite applications in Renaissance literary 
studies. We expect that successful candidates will teach a range of courses in Renaissance 
literature and that their interests will intersect with one or more of our 
departmental concerns with historicity and historical studies, contemporary theory 
and culture, and the public humanities. We are especially interested in a 
scholar who may contribute to new collaborative research and teaching initiatives 
within the department's Early Modern Center (http://emc.english.ucsb.edu/), as 
well as contributing to the diversity and excellence of the academic community 

through research, teaching and service. Base salary dependent upon qualifications. 
Position effective July 1, 2006. Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 
Send letter of application, dossier, and non-returnable sample of written work 

(20pp or less) to Professor William Warner, Chair, Renaissance Search Committee, 
Department of English, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 931063170. 
To ensure full consideration, applications should be received by 
November 4, 2005. Receipt of all applications will be acknowledged. The University 
of California is an EO/AA employer. [R] 

U of California, Santa Barbara 

Film Studies, Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor of European Cinema and Media/Theory 282 

http://www.filmstudies.ucsb.edu/graduate/announcements.html 
The Department of Film Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara 
seeks an Assistant Professor to commence July 1, 2006. The ideal candidate will 
have the ability and intellectual background to teach in the core areas of our film, 
television, and new media curriculum. We seek a scholar whose research takes 
cognizance of cinema and media scholarship in relation to the current redefinition 
of "Europe" itself, especially in the aftermath of the Cold War. A Ph.D. normally 
is required by the time of appointment, as well as a strong commitment to 
teaching and outstanding scholarly research potential. The department is especially 
interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence 
of the academic community through research, teaching and service. To ensure 
full consideration, applications must be completed by November 15, 2005. An 
EO/AA Employer. For complete application information, see http://www 
.filmstudies.ucsb.edu/graduate/announcements.html. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of California, Santa Barbara 

Film Studies, Santa Barbara CA 93106 

Assistant Professor of European Cinema and Media/Theory 283 

http://www.filmstudies.ucsb.edu/graduate/announcements.html 
The Department of Film Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara 
seeks an Assistant Professor to commence July 1, 2006. The ideal candidate will 
have the ability and intellectual background to teach in the core areas of our film, 
television, and new media curriculum. We seek a scholar whose research takes 
cognizance of cinema and media scholarship in relation to the current redefinition 
of "Europe" itself, especially in the aftermath of the Cold War. A Ph.D. normally 
is required by the time of appointment, as well as a strong commitment to 
teaching and outstanding scholarly research potential. The department is especially 
interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence 
of the academic community through research, teaching and service. To ensure 
full consideration, applications must be completed by November 15, 2005. An 
EO/AA Employer. For complete application information, see http://www 
.filmstudies.ucsb.edu/graduate/announcements.html. [R] 

U of California, Santa Cruz 

Film and Digital Media Department, 1156 High St Santa Cruz CA 95064 

Assistant Professor-Film & Digital Media Critical Studies 166 

http://film.ucsc.edu 
The Film and Digital Media Department, University of California, Santa Cruz, 
invites applications for a tenure-track position in critical studies. Applicants with 
a scholarly emphasis in international film and/or media are especially desirable; 
candidates with expertise in other areas of film, television and/or digital media 
theory and/or history are also invited to apply. Requires Ph.D. in relevant field of 

study, with demonstrated potential for excellence in innovative research and for 
excellence in university teaching. 
Candidates should submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, writing sam


ples, syllabi from courses previously taught, three confidential letters of recommendation, 
and summary of past student evaluations, if available, to Search 
Committee, Film & Digital Media Department, University of California, 1156 
High Street, Santa Cruz, CA 95064. Refer to provision #700–06. Postmark 
deadline: November 18, 2005; position open until filled. UCSC is an EEO/AA 
Employer. 

Please refer to the complete job announcement and application requirements at 
http://www.ucsc.edu/ahr/employment/bulletin/05–06/700–06.pdf [R] 

U of California, San Diego 

Literature-0410, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093 

Assistant Professor of English 75 

http://literature.ucsd.edu 
Assistant Professor of English Romanticism in literature and culture, with an emphasis 
on the late 18th-early 19th centuries. Teaching and research interests 
should be demonstrably compatible with those of a historical, cross-cultural, and 
transdisciplinary department of literature. Ph.D. or equivalent, teaching experience, 
and scholarship required. Salary commensurate with experience and based 
on UC pay scale. Immigration status of non-citizens should be stated in CV. 
Send letter of application, CV, dossier, and 30–40 page writing sample to English 
Romanticism Search Committee Chair, Department of Literature 0410, University 
of California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0410. 
Refer to position #140MLA. No electronic applications, please. For return of 
writing sample(s), enclose a large self-addressed envelope with adequate postage. 
Closing date is November 11, 2005. UCSD is an equal opportunity/affirmative 
action employer committed to excellence through diversity. [R] 

U of California, San Diego 

Literature-0410, 9500 Gilman Dr La Jolla CA 92093 

Assistant Professor of English 76 

http://literature.ucsd.edu 
University of California, San Diego Department of Literature. Victorian/19c 
Anglophone literature and culture, tenure-track Assistant Professor, effective 
July 1, 2006. Candidates with teaching and research interests demonstrably compatible 
with those of an historical, cross-cultural, and transdisciplinary department 
of literature. Ph.D. or equivalent, teaching experience, and scholarship 
required. Salary commensurate with experience and based on UC pay scale. Immigration 
status of non-citizens should be stated in CV. Send letter of application, 
CV, dossier, and 30–40 page writing sample to Victorian Search 
Committee Chair; Department of Literature 0410;University of California, San 
Diego; 9500 Gilman Drive; La Jolla, CA 92093-0410. Refer to position 
139MLA. No electronic applications, please. For return of writing sample(s), enclose 
a large self-addressed envelope with adequate postage. Closing date is November 
11, 2005. UCSD is an AA/EOE with a strong institutional commitment 
to excellence through diversity. [R] 

U of San Diego 

English, 5998 Alcala Park San Diego CA 92110 

Assistant Professor of English 746 

http://www.sandiego.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship 
in World Literature, beginning September 2006. Fields of expertise 
may include, but are not limited to, the literatures of Africa, the Middle East, 
Eastern Europe, South Asia, East Asia, or the Caribbean. Teaching load is three 
courses per semester. Candidates should have a strong commitment to teaching 
undergraduates. USD, an independent Catholic university, is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Send letter of application and dossier by November 15 to Eren 
Branch, Chair, Department of English, University of San Diego, 5998 Alcala 
Park, San Diego, CA, 92110-2492. [R] 

U of San Francisco 

Communication, 2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117 

Oral & Written Comunication (term) 102 

http://www.usfca.edu 
Division of Rhetoric and Composition 
Composition/Oral and Written Communication (term) 
Responsibilities include teaching three sections per semester which will include 

one or more sections of the year-long combined writing and public speaking 

course. 
Qualifications include university teaching experience in both composition and 
public speaking, willingness to work in a culturally diverse environment, a commitment 
to excellence in teaching, and an understanding of and commitment to 
support the mission of the University. This is a full-time renewable term position 
at the Instructor (A.B.D.) or Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) level. A Ph.D. or A.B.D. 
in Communication, Rhetoric, or Composition (in any combination) is required. 

Applicants for this position should submit a letter of application indicating for 
which position they are applying, statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum 
vitae, copy of graduate transcripts, a summary of teaching evaluations, and three 
letters of recommendation to: Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, 
c/o Mark Meritt, Search Committee Chair, Department of Communication 
Studies, Program in Rhetoric and Composition, University of San Francisco, 
Cowell 407, 2130 Fulton Street, San Francisco, CA 94117-1080 

Completed applications for all positions must be received by November 1, 2005, 

in order to ensure full consideration. 
The University of San Francisco is a private, Catholic and Jesuit institution and 
particularly welcomes candidates who will positively contribute to such an environment. 
USF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, and 
will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities upon 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


request. We particularly encourage minority and women applicants for all 
positions. 

U of San Francisco 

Communication, 2130 Fulton St San Francisco CA 94117 

Technical & Professional Writing 103 

http://www.usfca.edu 
Composition/Technical and Professional Writing (term) 
Responsibilities include teaching three sections per semester, all or some of 

which will initially be first-year composition, and helping to develop upper divi


sion courses in technical and professional writing. 
Qualifications include university teaching experience in composition and technical 
writing, willingness to work in a culturally diverse environment, a commitment 
to excellence in teaching, and an understanding of and commitment to 
support the mission of the University. This is a full-time renewable term positions 
at the Instructor (A.B.D.) or Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) level. A Ph.D. or 

A.B.D. in Rhetoric and Composition with an emphasis in technical and professional 
writing and/or the rhetoric of science is required. 
Our curriculum draws heavily on the rhetorical tradition and emphasizes the use 
of non-fiction texts to promote written and oral communication and academic 
literacy. 


Applicants for these two positions should submit a letter of application indicating 
for which position they are applying, statement of teaching philosophy, curriculum 
vitae, copy of graduate transcripts, a summary of teaching evaluations, and 
three letters of recommendation to:, Rhetoric and Composition Search Committee, 
c/o Mark Meritt, Search Committee Chair, Department of Communication 
Studies, Program in Rhetoric and Composition, University of San 
Francisco, Cowell 407, 2130 Fulton Street, San Francisco, CA 94117-1080 


Completed applications for all positions must be received by November 1, 2005, 


in order to ensure full consideration. 
The University of San Francisco is a private, Catholic and Jesuit institution and 
particularly welcomes candidates who will positively contribute to such an environment. 
USF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, and 
will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities upon 
request. We particularly encourage minority and women applicants for all 
positions. 

U of the Pacific 

English, 3601 Pacific Av, Humanities Center Stockton CA 95211 

Assistant Professor of English 452 

http://englishweb.uop.edu 
Assistant Professor prepared to teach Medieval Literature and Linguistics. Tenure-
track position starting Fall '06. Typical teaching load is five courses a year (3/2), 
including lower and upper division courses in English literature and English 
sentence syntax. English faculty also teach Mentor Seminars (required interdisciplinary 
General Education courses). Ph.D. and a strong commitment to teaching 
and scholarship required. Salary competitive. Applicant should send letter of interest, 
c.v., and dissertation abstract. For full consideration application should be 
sent by November 2nd. Review of applications will begin at that point and continue 
until the position is filled. Specify "Medieval/Linguistics Position." Diane 
Borden, Chair, University of the Pacific, Department of English, 3601 Pacific 
Avenue, Stockton, CA 95211. For information about the English program, see 
our home page at http://englishweb.pacific.edu. Pacific is an equal opportunity/ 
affirmative action employer encouraging excellence through diversity. 
9/01/05 [R] 

U of the Pacific 

English, 3601 Pacific Av, Humanities Center Stockton CA 95211 

Assistant Professor of English and Film Studies 454 

http://englishweb.uop.edu 
Assistant Professor prepared to teach Film Aesthetics and Theory. Tenure-track 
position starting Fall '06. Typical teaching load is five courses a year (3/2), including 
lower and upper division courses in Film Studies. English faculty also 
teach Mentor Seminars (required interdisciplinary General Education courses). 
Ph.D. and a strong commitment to teaching and scholarship required. Salary 
competitive. Applicant should send letter of interest, c.v., and dissertation abstract. 
For full consideration application should be sent by November 2nd. Review 
of applications will begin at that point and continue until the position is 
filled. Specify "Film Position." Diane Borden, Chair, University of the Pacific, 
Department of English, 3601 Pacific Avenue, Stockton, CA 95211. For information 
about the English program, see our home page at http:// 
englishweb.pacific.edu. Pacific is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer encouraging excellence through diversity. 9/01/05 [R] 

Whittier C 

English, PO Box 634, 13406 Philadelphia St Whittier CA 90608 

Assistant Professor of English 524 

http://www.whittier.edu 
Whittier College is offering a full-time tenure-track position for a generalist with 
a concentration in 19th century British literatures, with an emphasis on the 
novel, with opportunities to develop courses in such areas as postcolonialism, the 
Black Atlantic, minority literatures, literatures in English, globalization, and cre


ative writing. Participation expected in first-year writing and college-wide interdisciplinary 
and team-taught programs. 
Whittier College is a liberal arts college in the Los Angeles area with a widely di


verse student body and strong emphasis on interdisciplinary teaching. We are an 
Equal Opportunity Employer, strongly committed to diversity, and we seek applications 
from members of under-represented groups. 

Our review of applications will begin November 1, and we will interview at the 
MLA Convention. This position is contingent upon funding. Please send vita, 
statement of teaching philosophy, and dossier to David Paddy, Chair, Department 
of English, Whittier College, 13406 Philadelphia St, PO Box 634, Whit-
tier CA 90608. [R] 

COLORADO 
Colorado C 

English, 14 E Cache la Poudre Colorado Springs CO 80903 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.ColoradoCollege.edu 
Tenure-track position. The English Department at Colorado College seeks an 
Assistant Professor of English in Latina/Latino literature or in Native American 
literature. Opportunity to teach courses in broad undergraduate liberal arts curriculum, 
including Southwest Studies and/or American Cultural Studies. Ph.D 
required. Commitment to undergraduate teaching and an active program of 
scholarship essential. Colorado College is a distinguished liberal arts college with 
a history of innovative and interdisciplinary teaching. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy, dissertation abstract, and four 
letters of recommendation by November 7, 2005, to Professor Jane Hilberry, 
Department of English, Colorado College, 14 E. Cache la Poudre St., Colorado 
Springs, CO 80903. Colorado College is committed to increasing the diversity 
of the College community and curriculum; candidates who can contribute to 
that goal are particularly encouraged to apply and to identify themselves and 
their relevant experience. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Colorado 
College welcomes members of all groups and reaffirms its commitment not to 
discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual 
orientation or disability in its educational programs, activities, and employment 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


practices. For more information about Colorado College,see http://www 
.coloradocollege.edu. [R] 

Colorado SU 

English, 359 Eddy Bldg Fort Collins CO 80523 

Asst. Prof of English-Eighteenth-Century British Literature 241 

http://www.colostate.edu/Depts/English 
Colorado State University. Nine-month, tenure-track appointment to begin August 
15, 2006. Required Qualifications: Ph.D. or equivalent in Restoration and 
eighteenth-century British literature in any genre(s) in hand at time of appointment, 
evidence of scholarly potential, teaching experience with evidence of excellence, 
and wide-ranging interests in cultural studies. The department 
particularly welcomes applications from scholars whose work has transatlantic, 
comparative, interdisciplinary and/or global reach. Send curriculum vitae, letter 
of interest, writing sample (10–20 pages), dossier which includes evidence of 
strengths in teaching, and three letters of reference to Professor Ellen Brinks, 
Chair, Eighteenth-Century Search Committee, Department of English, Colorado 
State University, Fort Collins, CO 80523-1773. This is an "open search": 

once the search committee has identified semi-finalists, departmental faculty will 
have access to those files. 
Applications will be considered until the position is filled; however, for full con


sideration, applications must be postmarked by November 15, 2005. Routine inquiries 
to Sue.Russell@colostate.edu. For a complete position description, visit 
the department web site at www.colostate.edu/Depts/English. CSU is an EO/ 
AA employer. EO office is 101 Student Services. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, PO Box 7150 1420 Austin Bluffs Pky Colorado Springs CO 80933 

Assistant Professor of English and Director of Professional/Technical Writing 167 

http://web.uccs.edu/affirm/fac.html 
Tenure-track opening at Assistant Professor level for faculty with Ph. D. in English 
with emphasis in Professional/Technical Writing and a strong commitment 
to Directing our Professional/Technical Writing Program. Position begins August 
2006. Experience teaching professional/technical writing at the college level 
and experience administering a professional/technical writing program required. 
We seek candidates with dynamic teaching, administrative, and interpersonal 
skills, and an established professional/technical writing research program. Teaching 
load will be 2 courses (six hours) per semester. Please see our advertisement 
at http://web.uccs.edu/affirm/fac.html for more information about our campus 
and this position. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at MLA. Review 
of applications begins November 4, 2005. Send letter of application, vita, graduate 
transcripts, a statement of research interests and administration philosophy, a 
teaching portfolio, a sample of written research, and three letters of reference to: 
Professor Joan Ray, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, University 
of Colorado at Colorado Springs, 1420 Austin Bluffs Parkway, P.O. Box 
7150, Colorado Springs, CO 80933-7150. The University of Colorado at Colorado 
Springs is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, Hellems 101, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: Early modern (Renaissance) English 
literature 564 

http://www.colorado.edu/English/ 
The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces an assistant 
(tenure-track) or associate (tenured) position in early modern (Renaissance) 
English literature, 1500–1700, to begin August 2006. Required: for 
assistant professorship, PhD in hand by June 30, 2006; for associate professorship, 
publications, national reputation, and substantial teaching experience. The normal 
teaching load is 2/2, and includes undergraduate English-major courses and 
graduate courses. Interviews will take place at the MLA convention in Washington, 
DC. Send letter of application, c.v., and dossier including at least three let


ters of reference to Early Modern Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226. Applications will 
be accepted until the position is filled; however, applications postmarked by 
November 1, 2005 will receive full consideration. The University of Colorado at 
Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, Hellems 101, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English: Medieval literature 563 

http://www.colorado.edu/English/ 
The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces an assistant 
(tenure-track) or associate (tenured) position in medieval literature to 
begin August 2006. Required: for assistant professorship, PhD in hand by 
June 30, 2006; for associate professorship, publications, national reputation, and 
substantial teaching experience. The normal teaching load is 2/2, and includes 
undergraduate English-major courses and graduate courses. Interviews will take 
place at the MLA convention in Washington, DC. Send letter of application, 
c.v., and dossier including at least three letters of reference to Medieval Search 
Committee, Department of English, University of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder 
CO 80309-0226. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled; however, 
applications postmarked by November 1, 2005 will receive full consideration. 
The University of Colorado at Boulder is committed to diversity and 
equality in education and employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, Hellems 101, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant Professor of English: Creative Writing/Poetry 561 

http://www.colorado.edu/English/ 
The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces a tenure-
track position in creative writing to begin August 2006. We anticipate hiring 
at the assistant professor level; however, applications at other levels will be considered 
from those who would strengthen the Department's diversity. We are 
seeking a poet, with possible second genre specialty. Requirements: MFA, PhD, 
or the equivalent in professional experience; substantial teaching experience; at 
least one published book-length collection (other than chapbooks). The normal 
teaching load is 2/2, and includes undergraduate and graduate creative writing 
courses, plus thesis direction. Interviews will take place at the MLA convention 
in Washington, DC. Send letter of application, c.v., and dossier including at least 
three letters of reference to Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of 
English, University of Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226. Applications 
will be accepted until the position is filled; however, applications postmarked 
by November 1, 2005 will receive full consideration. The University of 
Colorado at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and 
employment. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, Hellems 101, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Assistant Professor of English: British Romantic and/or Victorian literature 562 

http://www.colorado.edu/English/ 
The University of Colorado at Boulder Department of English announces a tenure-
track position in British Romantic and/or Victorian literature to begin August 
2006. Required: PhD in hand by June 30, 2006. The normal teaching load 
is 2/2, and includes undergraduate English-major courses and graduate courses. 
Interviews will take place at the MLA convention in Washington, DC. Send letter 
of application, c.v., and dossier including at least three letters of reference to 
Romantic/Victorian Search Committee, Department of English, University of 
Colorado, 226 UCB, Boulder CO 80309-0226. Applications will be accepted 
until the position is filled; however, applications postmarked by November 1, 
2005 will receive full consideration. The University of Colorado at Boulder is 
committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Colorado at Denver 

English, PO Box 173364, Campus Box 175 Denver CO 80217 

Assistant Professor, Writing Center Director 933 

http://www.cudenver.edu 
The University of Colorado at Denver and Health Sciences Center invite applications 
for Writing Center Director, tenure track at the assistant professor level, 
pending budgetary approval. We seek an individual to expand the reach of our 
well-established writing center. Responsibilities include recruiting, hiring, 
scheduling and training tutors; managing budgets; faculty outreach; and continued 
development of our online services. PhD, active research program, and experience 
in a college writing center are required. 1/1 teaching load including 
graduate courses. Review of applications begin 10/24 and continues until the 
position is filled. Submit letter, CV, statement of writing center administration 
philosophy, and three letters of reference to Michelle Comstock, Search Committee 
Chair, Department of English, CB 175, P.O. Box 173364, Denver, CO 
80217-3364. The University of Colorado is committed to diversity and equality 
in education and employment. 

U of Colorado at Denver 

English, PO Box 173364, Campus Box 175 Denver CO 80217 

Assistant Professor, Composition Director 947 

http://www.cudenver.edu 
The University of Colorado at Denver and Health Sciences Center invites applications 
for Director of Composition, tenure track, at the Assistant Professor level, 
pending budgetary approval. Responsibilities include working with department 
chairperson to recruit, supervise, and evaluate composition faculty for approximately 
120 sections of first-year composition; providing leadership in the teaching 
of writing; participating in university-wide writing assessment; and 
coordinating computer classroom. 1/1 teaching load including graduate courses. 
Ph.D. and active research program required. July 1st start date desired. Submit 
letter, CV, statement of writing program administration philosophy, writing sample, 
and three letters of reference to Joanne Addison, Search Committee Chair, 
Department of English, CB 175, P.O. 173364, Denver, CO 2017–3364. Review 
of applications begins October 23, 2005, and continues until position is filled. 
The University of Colorado is committed to diversity and equality in education 
and employment. 

US Air Force Acad 

English, 2354 Fairchild Dr, Ste 6D209 USAF Academy CO 80840 

Assistant Professor of English and Forensics Director 554 

http://www.usafa.af.mil/df/dfeng 
The Department of English and Fine Arts at the United States Air Force Academy 
anticipates hiring one full-time (12 months of each year) faculty member to 
direct the Cadet Forensics program and to teach two sections per term of our 
freshman composition OR senior speech course, beginning 7 July 2006. Initial 
appointment will be for three years. Successive reappointments of up to five years 
in length will be based upon an assessment of performance, Air Force and departmental 
needs, and funding availability. An earned doctorate in English Literature, 
Speech Communications, or a related discipline is required. Qualifications 
include demonstrated excellence in teaching and coaching (experience with Parliamentary 
Debate, Lincoln-Douglas Debate, and all Individual Speech events is 
desired). The job requires recruiting coaches from among the faculty, recruiting, 
coaching and traveling with a 30-person squad which competes in 14–20 tournaments 
per academic year, and organizing and hosting an annual national tournament. 
The director is also responsible for budgeting, scheduling, and arranging 
travel. Full application instructions can be found at: http://www.usafa.af.mil/ 
df/dfeng/. [R] 

US Air Force Acad 

English, 2354 Fairchild Dr, Ste 6D209 USAF Academy CO 80840 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.usafa.af.mil/df/dfeng 
The Department of English anticipates establishing an Assistant Professor position 
beginning 7 July, 2006. An earned doctorate is required. The applicant 
should be a generalist with broad knowledge of British and American English 
literature in order to teach the curriculum of the English major. Some emphasis 
in pre-19th Century English literature is desired. In addition, the candidate must 
be qualified to teach all levels of the core English courses: first-year composition, 
introduction to literature, and advanced composition and public speaking. Collegiality, 
evidence of excellence in the classroom, potential for scholarship, and experience 
in course administration will all weigh heavily. Accommodating the 
requirements of a military academy is essential as the Air Force Academy, located 
in Colorado Springs, emphasizes the training of career Air Force officers who 
possess high standards of integrity and character. Full application instructions can 
be found at: http://www.usafa.af.mil/df/dfeng/. [R] 

CONNECTICUT 
Connecticut C 

English, 270 Mohegan Av New London CT 06320 

Assistant Professor, Renaissance Literature 573 

http://conncoll.edu 
The Department of English at Connecticut College invites applications for a 
full-time, tenure-track assistant professorship in the literature and culture of the 
Early Modern period, with the appointment to begin in the fall of 2006. Teaching 
includes courses in Shakespeare at the intermediate and advanced levels and 
introductory courses required for the major. Other areas of competence that 
would enrich the department's offerings are seventeenth-century poetry, including 
Milton, and England in a global perspective. All members of the department 

teach at all levels. Requirements: Ph. D. and, relative to experience, demonstrated 
excellence in teaching and research. 
Connecticut College is a private, highly selective college with a strong commit


ment to the liberal arts tradition and an emphasis on broad interdisciplinary 
teaching and research. The normal teaching load is five courses annually, and faculty 
members are expected to contribute to the College's general education program, 
which includes a first year seminar component. Salary is competitive. 
Tenure-track faculty receive a research stipend for their first two summers and a 
semester's leave at full salary after their third year if they are reappointed for the 
full probationary period. The College is a member of the Academic Career Network, 
a resource for dual-career couples (http://acn.fivecolleges.edu), and is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. The College is committed by 
mission to developing diversity and sustaining a diverse faculty and staff. 

Mail letter of application describing teaching and research experience and interests, 
cv, and full dossier to Professor Kenneth Bleeth, Search Committee Chair, 
Box 5416, Connecticut College, 270 Mohegan Avenue, New London, CT 
06320. Applications that arrive by October 31 will receive full consideration. 
Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail when all materials have been received. 
For further information, contact Professor Bleeth at kable@conncoll.edu 
or visit the College's website at http://conncoll.edu. [R] 

Connecticut C 

English, 270 Mohegan Av New London CT 06320 

Assistant Professor, African-American Literature 577 

http://conncoll.edu 
The Department of English at Connecticut College invites applications for a 
full-time, tenure-track assistant professorship in African-American literature, 
with the appointment to begin in the fall of 2006. Teaching includes intermediate 
and advanced courses in African-American literature as well as introductory 
courses required for the major. Additional areas of expertise that would enrich 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


the department's offerings include twentieth-century American literature, other 
forms of cultural representation, and critical race theory. All members of the department 
teach at all levels. Requirements: Ph.D. and, relative to experience, 
demonstrated excellence in teaching and research. 

Connecticut College is a private, highly selective college with a strong commitment 
to the liberal arts tradition and an emphasis on broad interdisciplinary 
teaching and research. The normal teaching load is five courses annually, and faculty 
members are expected to contribute to the College's general education program, 
which includes a first year seminar component. Salary is competitive. 
Tenure-track faculty receive a research stipend for their first two summers and a 
semester's leave at full salary after their third year if they are reappointed for the 
full probationary period. The College is a member of the Academic Career Network, 
a resource for dual-career couples (http://acn.fivecolleges.edu), and is an 
Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. The College is committed by 
mission to developing diversity and sustaining a diverse faculty and staff. 

Mail letter of application describing teaching and research experience and interests, 
cv, and full dossier to Professor Janet Gezari, Chair, Department of English, 
Box 5522, Connecticut College, 270 Mohegan Avenue, New London, CT 
06320. Applications that arrive by October 31 will receive full consideration. 
Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail when all materials have been received. 
For further information, contact Professor Gezari at jkgez@conncoll.edu 
or visit the College's website at http://conncoll.edu. [R] 

Eastern Connecticut SU 

English, 83 Windham St Willimantic CT 06226 

Assistant Professor of English 317 

17th Century English Literature 
Assistant Professor of English. Tenure-track position. Ph. D. in English; ABD 
near completion considered. 17th Century English literature with expertise in 
women's studies. The successful candidate will be an active scholar and able to 
teach discipline-specific and general education courses. The twelve-hour per semester 
course load consists of a combination of literature and writing courses for 
English majors and students working to fulfill general education requirements. 
Eastern is an AA/EEO employer. Women, members of protected classes and 
people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application, vita, 
and three letters of reference to Dr. Meredith Clermont-Ferrand, Search Chair, 
Department of English, Eastern Connecticut State University, 83 Windham St., 
Willimantic, CT 06226-2295. 

Eastern Connecticut SU 

English, 83 Windham St Willimantic CT 06226 

Assistant Professor 318 

Composition and Creative Writing 
Assistant Professor of Composition and Creative Writing. Tenure-track position. 
Ph.D. in English, Rhetoric/Composition, or Creative Writing, ABD near completion 
considered. Writing specialist to teach courses in composition, introduction 
to creative writing, and one or more of the following areas: playwriting, 
technical writing, creative nonfiction, or literary publishing. The twelve-hour 
per semester course load consists of writing courses and occasionally literature 
courses for English majors, writing minors, and students working to fulfill general 
education requirements. Eastern is an AA/EEO employer. Women, members 
of protected classes and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
Send letter of application, vita, and three letters of reference to Dr. Steve Ferruci, 
Search Chair, Department of English, Eastern Connecticut State University, 83 
Windham St., Willimantic, CT 06226-2295. 

Quinnipiac U 

English, 275 Mt. Carmel Avenue Hamden CT 06518 

Assistant Professor of English 410 

http://www.quinnipiac.edu 
Quinnipiac University invites applications for a tenure track position beginning 
fall 2006. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English, with research specialties in 

Early Modern Studies (British literature from 1600–1800) and critical approaches 
to literary history. The successful candidate will have an interest in teaching 17th 
century literature, Shakespeare, Milton, the Restoration, literary history, freshman 
writing, and a strong commitment to WAC principles of instruction. The 
English Department at Quinnipiac University serves nearly 150 majors and many 
more minors across the University campus. It has been at the forefront of the 
University's WAC initiative and plays a key role in the development of the liberal 
arts as a center of excellence on campus. Salary and benefits are highly competitive. 
Qualified applicants should send a letter of application and curriculum vitae 
to Leonard Engel, Chair, Department of English, CL-AC1, Quinnipiac University, 
275 Mt. Carmel Avenue, Hamden CT 06518. Applications received by October 
17, 2005 will receive first consideration. Quinnipiac University has a 
strong commitment to the principles and practices of diversity throughout the 
University community. Women, minorities and individuals with disabilities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

Southern Connecticut SU 

English, 501 Crescent St New Haven CT 06515 

Secondary Education 518 

http://www.southernct.edu 
The successful candidate will teach methods courses, college composition, and 
supervise student teachers. The candidate should have completed at least two 
years of work as an English language arts teacher in a public secondary school, 
and the candidate must have a PhD or EdD by the time of appointment. The 
successful candidate will also have a secondary area of expertise in the English 

language arts and a proven ability to teach in that area at the college level. Teaching 
or equivalent work load is 4 courses per semester. 
For the above position, the candidate must submit a letter of interest, curriculum 

vitae, 3 letters of recommendation (at least one of which addresses teaching abilities), 
a sample course syllabus, unofficial copies of graduate and undergraduate 
transcripts, and writing sample to: Professor Jim Rhodes, Chair, Personnel Committee, 
English Department, SCSU, 501 Crescent Street, New Haven, CT 
06515. Applications must be received by November 10, 2005. 

Southern Connecticut State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. Women, minorities and individuals with disabilities are especially 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Connecticut 

English Department, 215 Glenbrook Rd, U 4025 Storrs CT 06269 

Associate Professor/MELUS Editor 596 

http://english.uconn.edu 
The Department of English and the Office of the Vice Provost for Multicultural 
Affairs seek a tenure track/tenured Associate Professor to teach multi-ethnic literature 
and serve as the Editor of MELUS, the quarterly journal of the Society 
for the Study of the Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States. Superior 
scholarship and excellence in teaching expected. Knowledge of one or more US 
ethnic literatures required, as are strong editorial and administrative skills. The 
successful candidate will have an appointment in the English Department and an 
interdisciplinary ethnic studies program. The position starts fall 2006. The edi


torship is for a minimum of five years. The teaching load for the term of the editorship 
is 1/1. 
Salary: Competitive. The University of Connecticut actively solicits applications 

from minorities, women, and people with disabilities. Please submit a complete 
application, including cover letter, CV, dossier, three letters of recommendation, 
and a writing sample to: Robert Tilton, Head, Department of English, MELUS 
Search, 215 Glenbrook Road, U-4025, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, 
06269-4025 by November 11, 2005. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Connecticut 

Foundations of Humanitarianism, 215 Glenbrook Rd, U 4025 Storrs CT 

Associate Professor in the Humanities 16 

http://www.humanrights.uconn.edu 
The University of Connecticut seeks a scholar in the Humanities to head its 
multidisciplinary Foundations of Humanitarianism Program. This tenure-track 
Associate Professor position will commence in August 2006. We seek a specialist 
with an established research record from any humanities field, including English, 
History, Modern and Classical Languages, or Philosophy, or a related discipline. 
Preference will be given to a scholar whose research addresses aspects of the 
emergence or operation of humanitarian thinking, acting, and/or institutions. 
Responsibilities, in addition to teaching undergraduate and graduate courses, include 
guiding the Foundations of Humanitarianism Research and Teaching Program, 
coordinating faculty research initiatives, and collaborating with both the 
University of Connecticut Humanities and Human Rights Institutes. A descrip


tion of the Foundations of Humanitarianism Program may be found at: www 
.humanities.uconn.edu or www.humanrights.uconn.edu 
Review of applications will commence October 10, 2005. Send curriculum vita, 

brief statement of research and teaching interests, with three letters of recommendation 
to: Professor Richard A. Wilson, Chair, Humanitarianism Search 
Committee, Humanities Institute, University of Connecticut, CLAS Building, 
Suite 300–312, Unit 4234, 215 Glenbrook Road, Storrs, CT 06269-4234. 
Email j.waide@uconn.edu (Search #06A051) 

In keeping with our commitment to build a culturally diverse community, the 
University of Connecticut invites applications from women, people with disabilities 
and members of minority groups. [R] 

U of Hartford 

English, 200 Bloomfield Av West Hartford CT 06117 

Assistant Professor of English 133 

http://www.hartford.edu 
The Department of English at the University of Hartford invites applications for 
a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor, to begin September 
2006. We seek a broadly trained Americanist with teaching and/or research 
interests in one or more U.S. ethnic literatures. Candidates with secondary interests 
in Anglophone literatures or in creative writing (poetry) are especially wel


come. Requirements include a Ph.D. in hand or near completion, evidence of 
committed and successful teaching, and manifest scholarly promise. 
The University of Hartford has a strong commitment to undergraduate teaching. 

The 3/3 teaching load may include introductory and advanced courses for majors 
as well as general education courses. Candidates will be expected to pursue 
scholarship in their primary area(s) of expertise. Tenured and tenure-track faculty 
also bear service responsibilities to the College and the University. Further information 
about the University can be found at www.hartford.edu. 

Applications—including cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, dissertation 
abstract, teaching portfolio or other evidence of teaching experience, 
and three current letters of recommendation—should be sent to Dr. Mark 
Blackwell, Chair, Department of English, College of Arts and Sciences, University 
of Hartford, 200 Bloomfield Avenue, West Hartford, CT 06117. Writing 
samples only upon request, please. Deadline for applications is November 4, 
2005. AA/EOE. Members of under-represented groups are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Yale U 

English, PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Assistant Professor of English 854 

http://www.yale.edu/english 
One or more assistant professorships, initial four-year appointment, renewable, in 
early Modern English literature including drama (1500–1700). Please send only 
letter of application, c.v., and two-page dissertation abstract to Professor Langdon 

Hammer, Chair, Department of English, Yale University, Box 208302, New 
Haven, CT 06520-8302. Deadline: November 1, 2005. Yale is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportuny Employer. Women and underrepresented minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. Please check the on-line edition of the job list 
for any changes or additions. [R] 

Yale U 

English, PO Box 208302 New Haven CT 06520 

Lecturer in English 

http://www.yale.edu/english 
One or more full-time lectureships, three-year appointment with possible extension; 
Ph.d. by June 2006 in any field of English studies with experience in and a 
demonstrated commitment to the teaching of expository writing. Please send 
only letter of application, c.v., and two-page dissertation abstract to Professor 
Langdon Hammer, Chair, Department of English, Yale University, Box 208302, 
New Haven, CT 06520-8302. Deadline: November 1, 2005. Yale is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Women and underrepresented minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. [R] 

DELAWARE 
U of Delaware 

English, 212 Memorial Hall Newark DE 19716 

Assistant Professor-Print Culture 

http://www.udel.edu. 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor in American or trans-Atlantic print culture, 
preferably 19th c. Ph.D. required, publications desirable. We are looking for 
someone who will extend UD's interdisciplinary strengths (e.g., archival work, 


material culture, the Winterthur Program in Early American Culture, conservation 
and preservation studies, special collections). 
The position provides teaching opportunities in both undergraduate and gradu


ate programs for a candidate who should expect to contribute to general education 
in literature and writing. Competitive salary and excellent benefits. Send 
letter of interest, c.v., and writing sample (article-length essay or dissertation 
chapter) to Prof. Martin Brueckner, Search Committee Chair, Department of 
English, University of Delaware, Newark, DE 19716-2537, by November 11. 
The curriculum vitae, writing sample, and all other materials that may be requested 
will be shared with departmental faculty. The University of Deleware is 
an Equal Opportunity Employer that encourages applications from Minority 
Group Members and Women. Website: http://www.english.udel.edu. [R] 


DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
George Washington U 

American Studies, 2108 G Street, NW Washington DC 20052 

Assistant Professor of American Studies 

http://www.gwu.edu 
American Studies/Latino Studies: Tenure track, Assistant Professor, GWU, fall 
2006. Histories and/or cultures of Latino/a U.S., period open. ABDs will be 
considered but must complete the Ph.D. by August 15, 2006. Active participation 
in American Studies program required. Send letter of application, vita, 3 letters 
of reference to Latino studies Search Committee, Department of American 
Studies, 2108 G St. N.W., Washington, D.C. 20052. Review of applications will 
begin October 23, 2005 and continue until the position is filled. The George 
Washington University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Georgetown U 

English, PO Box 571131 Washington DC 20057 

Assistant Professor of English 495 

http://www.georgetown.edu/departments/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor, with or about to receive the Ph.D., to teach 
courses at all levels (first-year through M.A.), in Early Modern Studies. Normal 
teaching load is 2 courses per semester. Georgetown University is an AA/EO 
employer and strongly encourages applications from women and minority candidates 
as part of its commitment to professional excellence and diversity. Please 
send application letter and c.v. to Chair of the Hiring Committee, English Department, 
Georgetown University, Box 571131, Washington, D.C. 20057. Applications 
postmarked by 4 November 2005 will receive first consideration. 
Writing samples and dossiers will be requested only after initial screening. [R] 

Georgetown U 

English, PO Box 571131 Washington DC 20057 

Associate Professor 496 

http://www.georgetown.edu/departments/english/ 
Associate professor to teach courses at all levels (first-year through M.A.) in Early 
Modern Studies. Normal teaching load is 2 courses per semester. Georgetown 
University is an AA/EO employer and strongly encourages applications from 
women and minority candidates as part of its commitment to professional excellence 
and diversity. Please send application letter and c.v. to Chair of the Hiring 
Committee, English Department, Georgetown University, Box 571131, Washington, 
D.C. 20057. Applications postmarked by 4 November 2005 will receive 
first consideration. Writing samples and dossiers will be requested only after initial 
screening. [R] 

FLORIDA 
Florida Atlantic U 

English, PO Box 3091, 777 Glades Rd Boca Raton FL 33431 

Assistant Professor of Creative Nonfiction Writing 81 

http://www.english.fau.edu/ 
The Department of English at Florida Atlantic University invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in Creative Nonfiction 
writing and additional expertise in multicultural literatures (which may include 
African-American, Latino/a, Caribbean, Asian-American, Native American, 
and/or other multiethnic literatures of the United States), beginning August 
2006. Located in subtropical South Florida, FAU serves a culturally and ethnically 
diverse six-county region (Broward, Indian River, Martin, Okeechobee, 
Palm Beach, and St. Lucie) with a population of more than five million people. 
The Department of English was nationally ranked by Black Issues in Higher Education 
(July 14, 2005) as a top African-American and Minority MA degree 
producer. Teaching assignment is normally five courses per year, on the Boca 
Raton and Davie campuses. The successful candidate will participate in growing 
MFA, MA, and BA programs and may participate in a variety of interdisciplinary 
college programs, such as the PhD track in Literatures, Literacies, and Linguistics, 
Ethnic Studies, Women's Studies, Peace Studies, Jewish Studies and/or 
Caribbean and Latin American Studies. Requirements include an MFA or PhD 
at time of appointment, publication record in field, and teaching experience. 
Send letter, vita, and three letters of recommendation to Professor Andrew Fur-
man, Chair, Department of English, Florida Atlantic University, 777 Glades 
Road, Boca Raton, FL, 33431-0991. Applications must be postmarked by 
Nov. 3. Receipt of application will be acknowledged. FAU is an Equal Opportunity/
Equal Access Institution. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, 600 W. College Ave. Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant Professor 904 

http://www.english.fsu.edu 
Creative Non-Fiction Writing. Tenure-line, Fall 2006. MFA or PhD required 
and at least one published book preferred. 2/2 teaching assignment with one 
graduate course per year. Competitive salary. Letter and vita only to Hunt 
Hawkins, Chair, English Department, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 
32306-1580 by November 10. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, 
committed to diversity in hiring, and a Public Records Agency. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, 600 W. College Ave. Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant or Associate Professor 927 

http://www.english.fsu.edu 
Rhetoric and Composition. Tenure-line, Fall 2006. PhD and publication required 
as well as successful teaching experience. We welcome candidates in composition 
studies, particularly those with expertise and continuing research 
interests in rhetorical history, rhetorical theory, visual rhetoric, and/or cultural 
studies. We especially invite applications from candidates who want to participate 
in the rebuilding of our graduate programs (MA and PhD) in C/R. 2/2 teaching 
assignment with at least one graduate course per year. No assignment in administering 
undergraduate courses or labs. Competitive salary commensurate with experience. 
Letter and vita only to Hunt Hawkins, Chair, English Department, 
Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 by November 10. Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, committed to diversity in hiring, and 
a Public Records Agency. [R] 

Florida SU 

English, 600 W. College Ave. Tallahassee FL 32306 

Assistant or Associate Professor 918 

http://www.english.fsu.edu 
Rhetoric and Composition. Tenure-line, Fall 2006. PhD and publication required 
as well as successful teaching experience. We welcome candidates in composition 
studies, particularly those with expertise and continuing research 
interests in literacies (print and digital), computers and composition, and/or 
writing assessment. We especially invite applications from candidates who want 
to participate in the rebuilding of our graduate programs (MA and PhD) in C/ 

R. No assignment in administering undergraduate courses or labs. Competitive 
salary commensurate with experience. Letter and vita only to Hunt Hawkins, 
Chair, English Department, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1580 
by November 10. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, committed 
to diversity in hiring, and a Public Records Agency. [R] 
Florida SU 

Medical Humanities & Social Sciences, College of Medicine 1115 West Call 
Street Tallahassee FL 32306 

Tenure (open-rank) Professor 146 

http://med.fsu.edu/ 
Tenure-track (open-rank) faculty position at the newest fully accredited medical 
school in the country. Expertise in one or more fields of medical humanities, including 
literature and medicine, medical anthropology, medical sociology, medicine 
and religion, history of medicine, visual arts, film, or medical narrative and 
creative writing. We are committed to the biopsychosocial model and to serving 
rural, minority, elderly, and other underserved populations. An interest in medical 
education and an understanding of how to integrate medical humanities into 
the medical curriculum to further the mission of the college are important, as 
well as interest in research and grant-writing. Send C.V., statement of research, 
teaching, and professional interests, and names of three references to: Jeffrey 
Spike, PhD., c/o Michelle Carter, Dept. of Medical Humanities and Social Sci-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


ences; Florida State University College of Medicine, Tallahassee, FL 323064300; 
850 644-3457; michelle.carter@med.fsu.edu. Review of applicants will 
begin Oct. 15 and continue until the position is filled. [R] 

Jacksonville U 

Humanities Department, 2800 University Blvd N Jacksonville FL 32211 

Assistant Professor of English 274 

http://www.ju.edu 
ENGLISH: Jacksonville University, Assistant Professor of English, tenure track 
for Fall 2006. Ph.D. required for an American specialist able to teach Creative 
Writing, along with Freshman Composition and/or World Literature. Must provide 
evidence of teaching excellence. Jacksonville University is a private comprehensive 
university with emphasis on the liberal arts on the St. Johns River in 
Florida. Send letter of interest, vita, unofficial transcripts, and three letters of recommendation 
to Chair English Search Committee; Division of Humanities; 
Jacksonville University; Jacksonville, FL 32211. Will be interviewing at MLA. 
Review to begin November 1 and continue until position is filled. JU supports 
the principle of diversity and encourages applications from individuals with diverse 
backgrounds and experiences. It is JU's practice to provide equal employment 
opportunities for all. EOE. [R] 

U of Florida 

English, PO Box 117310 Gainesville FL 32611 

Assistant Professor in Children's Literature and Media 732 

http://www.english.ufl.edu 
The Department of English at the University of Florida is searching for an Assistant 
Professor, tenure track, in Children's Literature and Media. The ideal candidate 
preferably will have a strong background in children's literature and media, 
and in related fields such as but not limited to film and new media studies, cultural 
studies, theory, postcolonial studies, and race and gender studies. The Department 
of English has an open curriculum, and the successful applicant will 
join a faculty with strengths in theoretical and cultural studies. The teaching assignment 
is 2 courses per semester. Send letter and curriculum vitae to John 
Leavey, Professor and Chair, Department of English, P O Box 117310, University 
of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611-7310. Applications must be postmarked by 
1 November 2005. The University of Florida is an equal employment opportunity 
employer. [R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor of English 466 

http://www.as.miami.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professorship in creative writing (poetry) with teaching responsibilities 
in both MFA and undergraduate creative writing programs. Mini


mum requirements: appropriate terminal degree; at least one book-length 
publication; college-level teaching experience. 
Please send letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three confidential 

letters of recommendation to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 33124-4632. 
Deadline for receipt of materials is 11 November. The University of Miami is a 
multiethnic, multiracial, international campus, and the department seeks diversity 
in its faculty. The University of Miami is an EO/AA employer. [R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor of English 469 

http://www.as.miami.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professorship in U.S. Latino/Latina literatures. Minimum 
requirements: Ph.D. in literature with dissertation on topic related to position; 
college-level teaching experience. 


Please send letter of application, c.v., brief description of dissertation or current 
research project, and dossier with at least three confidential letters of recommendation 
to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 33124-4632. Deadline for receipt of 
materials is 11 November. The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, 
international campus, and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University 
of Miami is an EO/AA employer. [R] 

U of Miami 

English, PO Box 248145 Coral Gables FL 33124 

Assistant Professor of English 471 

http://www.as.miami.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professorship in gay and lesbian studies. Minimum require


ments: Ph.D. in literature with dissertation on topic related to position; expertise 
in a traditional historical area of literature; college-level teaching experience. 
Please send letter of application, c.v., brief description of dissertation or current 


research project, and dossier with at least three confidential letters of recommendation 
to Patrick A. McCarthy, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Miami, PO Box 248145, Coral Gables, FL 33124-4632. Deadline for receipt of 
materials is 11 November. The University of Miami is a multiethnic, multiracial, 
international campus, and the department seeks diversity in its faculty. The University 
of Miami is an EO/AA employer. [R] 


U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Rd., S. Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 515 

http://www.unf.edu 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure track (#332730) to begin with the 
2006–07 academic year. Specialty within the fields of Rhetoric and Composition 
Theory and Pedagogy, Literacy and Media Studies. Successful teaching experience, 
demonstrated interest and expertise in teaching writing at lower 
division, and scholarly promise required, as is a Ph.D. (or ABD status with degree 

awarded no later than August 7, 2006). Nine hours/semester teaching load in 
general education, B.A. and M.A. in English programs. 
Formal application must be made on-line at http://www.unfjobs.org. Please 

send additional application materials, a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
and three letters of recommendation, by mail to: Sam Kimball, Chair, Rhetoric 
and Composition Search Committee, Department of English, University of 
North Florida, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Road., S., Jacksonville, FL 32224-2645. 
Postmark deadline: November 4, 2005. 

UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action Institution. 
[R] 

U of North Florida 

English, 4567 St. Johns Bluff Rd., S. Jacksonville FL 32224 

Assistant Professor of English 534 

http://www.unf.edu 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure track (#33260) to begin with the 2006–07 
academic year. Specialty in African American and/or African Diaspora literature 
and culture. Successful teaching experience, demonstrated interest and expertise 
in teaching writing at lower division, and scholarly promise required, as is a 
Ph.D. (or ABD status with degree awarded no later than August 7, 2006). Nine 

hours/semester teaching load in general education, B.A. and M.A. in English 
programs. 
Formal application must be made on-line at http://www.unfjobs.org. Please 

send additional application materials, a letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
and three letters of recommendation, by mail to: Keith Cartwright, Chair, African 
American/African Diaspora Search Committee, Department of English, 
University of North Florida, Jacksonville, FL 32224-2645. Postmark deadline: 
November 4, 2005. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


UNF is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action Institution. 
[R] 

U of West Florida 

English & For Langs, 11000 University Pky Pensacola FL 32514 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 484 

http://uwf.edu/english/ 
The Department of English and Foreign Languages at the University of West 
Florida, Pensacola, Florida, announces an opening for an Assistant Professor of 
English in Creative Writing to begin August 2006. This is a tenure-earning, 
nine-month, full-time position that carries a 3/2 teaching load and responsibility 
for supervising the production of two literary journals and a Creative Writing 


Readers Series. Salary is negotiable depending upon qualifications. Requirements 
include the following: 
MFA or DFA or Ph.D. in Creative Writing from an accredited university 
College or University teaching experience in Creative Writing 
Demonstrated expertise in two of three genres (poetry, fiction, creative non


fiction) 
Demonstrated record of publication 
Experience in editing a literary journal is preferred. 
All applications must be submitted online at https://jobs.uwf.edu and must in


clude the following: 
A letter of application including a statement of teaching philosophy 
A current vita 
Samples of publications 
Three letters of recommendation 
The search will remain open until the position is filled; however, the preferred 


target date for receiving applications is November 5, 2005. A police background 
screening is required. UWF is an Equal Opportunity/Access/Affirmative Action 
Employer. [R] 


GEORGIA 
Agnes Scott C 

English, 141 E College Av Decatur GA 30030 

Assistant Professor in American Literature 234 

http://www.agnesscott.edu 
The Agnes Scott College Department of English invites applications for a tenure-
track position in American Literature at the rank of assistant professor. Candidates 
must have a Ph.D. in hand by July 1, 2006 with a specialization in the 
20th century. In addition to courses in the research field, the successful candidate 
will be expected to teach a survey of American Literature from 1700 to the present, 
modern American fiction, contemporary American poetry, as well as 
courses in ethnic American literature, and gender and sexuality. One section of 
first-year English and occasional contribution to the first-year seminar program 
are also expected. The department seeks someone committed to undergraduate 
liberal arts learning. The teaching load is 3/2. Send letter, curriculum vitae, and 
dossier, along with three letters of recommendation to Waqas Khwaja, Chair, 
Department of English, Agnes Scott College, 141 East College Avenue, Decatur, 
GA. 30030-3797. Deadline for applications is Nov. 15, 2005. Agnes Scott is a 
highly selective, independent national liberal arts college for women located in 
metropolitan Atlanta. Faculty salaries are in the top quintile of AAUP rankings 
for baccalaureate institutions. Support for faculty development is generous and 
includes a one-semester pre-tenure research leave at full pay. Agnes Scott has a 
strong commitment to diversity and urges members of underrepresented groups 
to apply. EOE. [R] 

Agnes Scott C 

English, 141 E College Av Decatur GA 30030 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 235 

http://www.agnesscott.edu 
The Agnes Scott College Department of English invites applications for a tenure-
track position in the writing of fiction at the rank of assistant professor. One 
desirable secondary field would be creative non-fiction. Candidates must have a 
promising record of publication in the field of fiction with a M.F.A. and/or 
Ph.D. in hand by July 15, 2006. Some teaching experience at college level is preferred. 
The teaching load is 3/2. In addition to a literature-based, first-year English 
course, expected duties include teaching introductory and advanced courses 
in the writing of fiction, supervising independent student projects in fiction and 
non-fiction, and conducting the annual, state-wide, creative writing competition. 
Eventual directorship of the creative writing program is also possible. Final 
administrative approval of this position is pending. Applicants should submit a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier, along with three letters of 
recommendation to Waqas Khwaja, Chair, Department of English, Agnes Scott 
College, 141 East College Avenue, Decatur, GA. 30030-3797. Deadline for applications 
is Nov. 15, 2005. Agnes Scott is a highly selective, independent national 
liberal arts college located in metropolitan Atlanta. Faculty salaries are in 
the top quintile of the AAUP rankings for baccalaureate institutions. Support for 
faculty development is generous and includes a one-semester pre-tenure research 
leave at full pay. Agnes Scott has a strong commitment to diversity and urges 
members of underrepresented groups to apply. EOE. [R] 

Augusta SU 

Lang/Lit/Comm, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 942 

http://www.aug.edu/langlitcom/ 
The Department of Languages, Literature, and Communications of Augusta 
State University invites applications for a tenure-track position available August 
2006. Candidates should have expertise in critical theory with a literature 
specialty. Teaching responsibilities will include upper-level courses for English 
majors in the area of specialty, freshman composition, and world humanities 
courses required for all students at Augusta State, as part of a 4/4 teaching load. 
Ph. D. and demonstrated teaching excellence required. ASU is committed to excellence 
through diversity in our student body and faculty, and thus strongly encourages 
women and minorities to apply. For full consideration, applications 
should be postmarked by Nov. 15. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, Department 
of Languages, Literature and Communications, Augusta State University, 
Augusta, GA 30904. An Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer of the 
University System of Georgia. [R] 

Augusta SU 

Lang/Lit/Comm, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 946 

http://www.aug.edu/langlitcom/ 
The Department of Languages, Literature, and Communications of Augusta 
State University invites applications for a tenure-track position available August 
2006. Candidates should have expertise in Shakespearean and Renaissance 
Studies. Teaching responsibilities will include upper-level courses for English 
majors in the area of specialty, freshman composition, and world humanities 
courses required for all students at Augusta State, as part of a 4/4 teaching load. 
Ph. D. and demonstrated teaching excellence required. ASU is committed to 
excellence through diversity in our student body and faculty, and thus strongly 
encourages women and minorities to apply. For full consideration, applications 
should be postmarked by Nov. 15. Please send a letter of application, a curriculum 
vitae, and three letters of reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, 
Department of Languages, Literature and Communications, Augusta State University, 
Augusta, GA 30904. An Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer of the University System of Georgia. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Emory U 

Candler School of Theolog y, 210 Bishop Hall Atlanta GA 30322 

McDonald Visiting Professorship 98 

http://candler.emory.edu 
The Alonzo L. McDonald Family Chair: 
Distinguished Visiting Professorship in the Study of Jesus and Culture. 
Emory University and Candler School of Theology invite nominations for A 


Distinguished Visiting University Professorship: "The Alonzo L. McDonald 


Family Chair on The Life and Teachings of Jesus and their Impact on Culture." 
The McDonald Chair seeks interpretations of the person and teachings of Jesus 
from the broadest array of disciplines; invites interdisciplinary approaches; and 
carries no confessional or religious constraints. 


The recipient, who may be on sabbatical or leave from his or her institution, will 
be expected to deliver a semester's set of lectures or performances (ten to twelve) 
that could and would serve multiple instructional and public purposes and be 
suitable for publication in book form or be made available publicly in the modality 
appropriate for the Chair holder's discipline or field. 


For additional information, please visit http://www.candler.emory.edu/ 
ABOUT/positions.html>. [R] 


Emory U 

English, N-302 Callaway Ctr Atlanta GA 30322 

Assistant Professor, American Literature 277 

http://english.emory.edu/ 
Emory University is seeking an assistant professor with expertise in the literatures 
of North America prior to 1865. Ph.D. required by August 31, 2006. In exceptional 
circumstances, the department will consider hiring an individual at the 
level of early associate professor. We expect applicants to be versed in both the 
early American and antebellum periods. Send application letter, vita, and three 
letters of recommendation to Chair of American Literature Search Committee, 
Department of English, 302 North Callaway Center, Emory University, 537 
Kilgo Circle, Atlanta, GA 30322. Review of applications will begin November 
1. We encourage applications from women and minority candidates. Emory 
University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. [R] 

Georgia SU 

English, PO Box 3970 Atlanta GA 30302 

Assistant Professor of English 412 

http://www.english.gsu.edu/ 
Georgia State University: African-American Lit: Pending final budgetary approval, 
a full-time tenure-track assistant professor (entry-level or advanced assistant) 
specializing in modern and/or contemporary African-American literature 
for Fall 2006. Ph.D. in hand as well as strong teaching and research credentials required. 
2/2 teaching load and strong research support. Salary competitive. Send 
letter and cv only by Nov. 15, 2005 to Janet Gabler-Hover, Chair, New Appointments 
Committee, PO Box 3970, Department of English, Georgia State 
University, Atlanta, GA 30302-3970. Interview at MLA. GSU is a unit of University 
System of Georgia and an AA/EO employer. [R] 

Kennesaw SU 

English, 1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Director, Master of Arts in Professional Writing 45 

http://www.kennesaw.edu/english/mapw 
Director of the Master of Arts in Professional Writing Program, a 12-month, 
tenure-track position at the associate or full professor rank, July 1, 2006. Requirements: 
earned doctorate or an appropriate terminal degree in the field (i.e. 
MFA), teaching experience preferably at the graduate level, and evidence of appropriate 
professional activity and/or scholarship. The Director administers the 
MAPW program; duties include curriculum/policy development, strengthening 

of ties to the professional communications community, coordinating admissions 
and advisement, collaborating with other graduate program directors. Director 
teaches graduate students in the MAPW, as well as undergraduates in writing and 
general education courses. The appointment bears annual service obligations as 
well as continued professional involvement in the field of expertise. To be interviewed 
at MLA, have materials postmarked by November 15, 2005. Send a letter 
of application addressing qualifications, teaching philosophy, and research agenda; 
current cv; names of at least three references; three letters of recommendation, 
which specifically address teaching, research, and administrative abilities; and official 
graduate transcripts to Dr. Barbara Stevenson, Department of English, Kennesaw 
State University, 1000 Chastain Rd. #2701, Kennesaw, GA 30144-5591. 
Kennesaw does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, 
handicap, national origin, or sexual orientation. [R] 

Kennesaw SU 

English, 1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor of Early British Drama 49 

http://www.kennesaw.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of pre-19th century British drama, nine-month, tenure-track 
position, August 2006. Teach courses in Shakespeare, as well as course offerings 
in drama drawn from following period(s): medieval, early modern, Restoration 
and 18th century. Also teach British survey, General Education, may have opportunity 
to develop new courses in dramatic literature. Requirements: earned doctorate, 
relevant college teaching experience, and evidence of current scholarship. 
The appointment bears annual service obligations and a 3/4 teaching load. To 
interview at MLA, have materials postmarked by November 15, 2005. A candidate 
should send a letter of application addressing qualifications and teaching 
philosophy; current curriculum vitae; three letters of recommendation, which 
specifically address teaching; and official graduate transcripts to Dr. Nina 
Morgan, Department of English, Kennesaw State University, 1000 Chastain Rd. 
#2701, Kennesaw, GA 30144-5591. Kennesaw SU, in metropolitan Atlanta, is a 
member of the University System of Georgia and does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, handicap, national origin, or sexual 
orientation. [R] 

Kennesaw SU 

English, 1000 Chastain Rd, #2701 Kennesaw GA 30144 

Assistant Professor, Screenwriting/Scriptwriting 48 

http://www.kennesaw.edu/english/mapw 
Assistant Professor of screenwriting/scriptwriting, nine-month, tenure-track, 
August 2006. Requirements: earned doctorate or an appropriate terminal degree 
in the field (i.e. MFA), relevant teaching experience, evidence of appropriate 
professional activity and/or scholarship. Will teach and mentor graduate students 
in the Masters of Arts in Professional Writing Program, as well as undergraduates 
in screenwriting/scriptwriting, film studies, and general education courses. The 
appointment bears annual service obligations as well as continued professional involvement 
in the field of expertise. To be interviewed at MLA, have materials 
postmarked by November 15, 2005. A candidate should send a letter of application 
addressing her/his qualifications, teaching philosophy, and research agenda; 
current curriculum vitae; names of at least three references; three letters of recommendation, 
which specifically address teaching and research potential; and official 
graduate transcripts to Dr. Ralph Wilson, Department of English, 
Kennesaw State University, 1000 Chastain Rd. #2701, Kennesaw, GA 301445591. 
Kennesaw SU, located in metropolitan Atlanta, is a member of the University 
System of Georgia and does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
religion, color, sex, age, handicap, national origin, or sexual orientation. [R] 

La Grange C 

English, 601 Broad St La Grange GA 30240 

Assistant Professor of English 250 

http://www.lagrange.edu 
LaGrange College, a private, comprehensive college located about one hour 
southwest of Atlanta, Georgia, seeks applications for a full-time, tenure-track as-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


sistant professor of English. Teaching duties will begin in August 2006 and include 
Shakespeare, a full survey of British literature, freshman composition, and 
interdisciplinary courses in the humanities, as well as Interim (January term) 
courses and other upper-division courses in our major program. The maximum 
teaching load is twenty-one (21) hours per academic year. Ph.D. in English required, 
with at least two (2) years of college-level teaching experience. Review 
of applications will begin immediately, and the position will remain open until 
filled. Please send a letter of application, CV, official transcripts of all post-secondary 
education, and two (2) letters of recommendation to Dr. Laine Scott, 
Chair, Department of English, LaGrange College, 601 Broad Street, LaGrange, 
GA 30240. LaGrange College is an equal opportunity employer. [R] 

Southern Polytechnic SU 

Humanities & Tech Communication, 1100 S Marietta Pky Marietta GA 

Assistant Professor, Composition 886 

http://www.spsu.edu/htc 
Fall 2006. Search for tenure-track assistant professor. Required: Ph.D., English or 
related field, in hand by July 1, 2006. Responsibilities: teaching 4/4 load, service, 
scholarship, professional development. Rank ordered preferences for candidates 
include (1) a thorough knowledge of current composition pedagogy, (2) experience 
teaching freshman composition, and (3) experience in computer-mediated 


writing instruction. Ability to teach undergraduate courses in world literature, 
drama, or technical communication is welcomed. 
The University in metro-Atlanta, a unit of the University System of Georgia, of


fers B.S., B.A., and M.S. degrees in Technical and Professional Communication. 


SPSU is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
For preliminary screening, submit (1) letter of application, (2) resume, (3) three 
current letters of reference, and (4) graduate transcripts. Review begins 
October 17 and will continue until the position is filled. 


Send materials to Dr. Kenneth T. Rainey, Chair, Humanities/Technical Communication, 
Southern Polytechnic State University, 1100 S. Marietta Parkway, 
Marietta, GA 30060-2896 [R] 


Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor of English 915 

http://www.teach.valdosta.edu/english 
Assistant professor of English with a specialization in African and/or African 
American literature to join a thriving program in African American Studies. 
Tenure-track position begins in fall 2006. Teaching responsibilities include freshman 
composition and, possibly, interdisciplinary courses and world literature. 
Departmental duties also include committee work, advising, and research leading 
to publication. Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Applicants 
must have a Ph.D. in hand by the position's starting date, August 1, 2006. 
Send letter of application, faculty application form (accessed at http://www 
.valdosta.edu/academic/forms/fac_employment_app.pdf ), curriculum vita, and 
complete dossier, including all university transcripts, and three letters of reference 
to Mark Smith, Department of English, Valdosta State University, Valdosta, GA 
31698. Review of applications begins November 1 and continues until position 
is filled. Possible MLA interviews. VSU is an equal opportunity educational institution. 
For more information call 229-333-5946 or email marksmit@valdosta 
.edu. [R] 

Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor of English 919 

http://www.teach.valdosta.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of English with a specialization in journalism. Tenure-track 
position begins in fall 2006. This instructor will help advise an award-winning, 
editorially independent student newspaper. Photojournalism and newspaper advising 
experience is a plus, but will train the right candidate. Possible courses in


clude photojournalism, news writing, design, feature writing, literary journalism, 
freshman composition, interdisciplinary courses, and world literature. Departmental 
responsibilities also include committee work, advising, and research 
leading to publication. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in English, journalism, or a 
related field by position's starting date, August 1, 2006. Send letter of application, 
faculty application form (accessed at http://www.valdosta.edu/academic/forms/ 
fac_employment_app.pdf ), curriculum vita, and complete dossier, including all 
university transcripts, and three letters of reference to Mark Smith, Department 
of English, Valdosta State University, Valdosta, GA 31698. Review of applications 
begins November 1 and continues until position is filled. Possible MLA interviews. 
VSU is an equal opportunity educational institution. For more 
information call 229-333-5946 or email marksmit@valdosta.edu. [R] 

Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor of English 926 

http://www.teach.valdosta.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of English with a specialization in rhetoric and composition. 
Tenure-track position begins in fall 2006. Preference given to candidates with 
training and/or experience in business, technical, and professional writing. 
Teaching responsibilities include freshman composition and, possibly, interdisciplinary 
courses and world literature. Duties also include committee work, advising, 
and research leading to publication. Salary commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in hand by the position's starting 
date, August 1, 2006. Send letter of application, faculty application form (accessed 
at http://www.valdosta.edu/academic/forms/fac_employment_app.pdf ), 
curriculum vita, and complete dossier, including all university transcripts, and 
three letters of reference to Mark Smith, Department of English, Valdosta State 
University, Valdosta, GA 31698. Review of applications begins November 1 and 
continues until position is filled. Possible MLA interviews. VSU is an equal opportunity 
educational institution. For more information call 229-333-5946 or 
email marksmit@valdosta.edu. [R] 

Valdosta SU 

English, 1500 N Patterson St Valdosta GA 31698 

Assistant Professor of English 923 

http://www.teach.valdosta.edu/english 
Assistant Professor of English with a specialization in rhetoric and composition. 
Tenure-track position begins in fall 2006. Preference given to candidates with 
training and/or experience in teacher education. The candidate selected for this 
position will work closely with the College of Education and with English majors 
seeking teaching certification. Teaching responsibilities include freshman 
composition and, possibly, interdisciplinary courses and world literature. Departmental 
duties also include committee work, advising, and research leading to 
publication. Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Applicants 
must have a Ph.D. in hand by the position's starting date, August 1, 2006. Send 
letter of application, faculty application form (accessed at http://www.valdosta 
.edu/academic/forms/fac_employment_app.pdf ), curriculum vita, and complete 
dossier, including all university transcripts, and three letters of reference to 
Mark Smith, Department of English, Valdosta State University, Valdosta, GA 
31698. Review of applications begins November 1 and continues until position 
is filled. Possible MLA interviews. VSU is an equal opportunity educational institution. 
For more information call 229-333-5946 or email marksmit@valdosta 
.edu. [R] 

Wesleyan C 

English, 4760 Forsyth Rd, PO Box 8167 Macon GA 31210 

Assistant Professor of English & Director of First-Year Experience Program 592 

http://www.wesleyancollege.edu 
Wesleyan College, a nationally ranked liberal arts college for women in Macon, 
Georgia, invites applications for tenure-track Assistant Professorship in English, 
beginning June 2006. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition preferred. Responsibilities 
include directing the first-year experience program; implementing a new, 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


two-semester, interdisciplinary first-year seminar; and serving as director of first-
year writing. Candidates should have experience in writing program coordination 
and assessment, faculty development writing workshops, and peer-tutor 
training. Position involves teaching two classes per semester, including first-year 
seminars, composition, and occasional introductory literature classes. Successful 
candidate will be expected to teach effectively, pursue productive research, advise 
students, and serve on committees. Send letter of interest, vita, transcripts, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and three current, confidential letters of recommendation 
to Vickie Warner at vwarner@wesleyancollege.edu. Application 
materials may also be sent to: Vickie Warner, Wesleyan College, 4760 Forsyth 
Rd., Macon, GA 31210-4462. Review of applications will begin immediately. 
Selected candidates interviewed at SAMLA and MLA. AA/EOE. [R] 

IDAHO 
Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor of English 989 

http://english.boisestate.edu/ 
Two tenure track positions in American Literature, starting Fall 2006. Ph.D. 
required. Candidates should be able to teach from the introductory to the graduate 
level within a historically organized curriculum. Desirable strengths include 
Western American literature, environmental literature, poetry, literary theory, 
and ethnic studies (Native American, Latino/a, Asian American, African 
American). The normal teaching load is three courses (9 credits) per semester. 


Teaching excellence, scholarly publication, and service are required for academic 
advancement. 
Send a letter of application and dossier to:, Professor Bruce Ballenger, Chair, 


Department of English, Boise State University Search # AA-0014/15–56, 1910 
University Dr., Boise, ID 83725-1525, Email: english@boisestate.edu [R] 


Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor of English 992 

http://english.boisestate.edu/ 
Tenure-track position in 20th-century British Literature, starting in Fall 2006. 
Ph.D. required. Candidates should be able to teach from the introductory to the 
graduate level. Ability to teach history of literary criticism, critical theory and 
Post-Colonial Literature is desirable. The normal teaching load is three courses 


(9 credits) per semester. Teaching excellence, scholarly publication, and service 
are required for academic advancement. 
Send a letter of application and dossier to: Professor Bruce Ballenger, Chair, 


Department of English, Search # AA-0013–56, Boise State University, 1910 
University Dr., Boise, ID 83725-1525, Email: english@boisestate.edu 


Screening will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until the position is filled. 
Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications and nominations 
of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA Institution, Veterans Preference may be applicable. [R] 


Boise SU 

English, 1910 University Dr Boise ID 83725 

Assistant Professor of English 991 

http://english.boisestate.edu/ 
Search # AA-0012–56 
Tenure track position in Composition and Rhetoric, starting Fall 2006. We are 

looking for faculty who value a balance of teaching, research, and service, and 
who will be able to contribute to the development of a Ph.D. program. We seek 
expertise in some combination of the following: rhetorical theory, writing and 
technology, and writing program administration. Responsibilities will include 
teaching FYC on a regular basis, developing graduate and undergraduate courses 

in areas of specialization, and mentoring graduate students. Teaching excellence, 
scholarly publication, and service are required for academic advancement. For 
more information on the position, please visit http://english.boisestate.edu/ 
writing/. 

Send a letter of application and dossier to: Professor Bruce Ballenger, Chair, 
Department of English, Search # AA-0012–56, Boise State University, 1910 
University Dr., Boise, ID 83725-1525, Email: english@boisestate.edu 

Screening will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until the position is filled. 
Boise State University is strongly committed to achieving excellence through 
cultural diversity. The University actively encourages applications and nominations 
of women, persons of color, and members of other underrepresented 
groups. EOE/AA Institution, Veterans Preference may be applicable. [R] 

ILLINOIS 
C of Du Page 

English, 425 Fawell Blvd Glen Ellyn IL 60137 

Instructor/Assistant Professor of English 804 

http://www.cod.edu 
College of DuPage invites applications for a full-time tenure-track English faculty 
position beginning September 2006. The primary responsibility is to teach 
first year composition. Familiarity with current trends in rhetoric/composition 
and innovative uses of technology, including alternate delivery, is required; experience 
in teaching developmental writing is a plus. Other responsibilities include 
curriculum development, advising, and committee work. The student population 
at the college is diverse in ethnicity, gender, native language, age and background. 
College of DuPage is an AA/EO employer and strongly encourages 
applications from candidates who would enhance the diversity of our staff. An 

M.A. in Rhetoric/Composition or English is required. 
Interviews will be conducted at MLA in Washington D.C. in December. A 
complete application packet (vita, letter of application, application form, and an 
unofficial copy of transcripts) is due by November 15th. Send materials to the 
Office of Human Resources, 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, Illinois 60137, Attn: 
Faculty Recruiting. [R] 

Columbia C 

English, 600 S Michigan Av Chicago IL 60605 

Poet 143 

http://www.colum.edu 
Poet, Columbia College Chicago 
The English Department is hiring a poet of national reputation for a position to 

begin Fall 2006, rank open. Teaching will include core courses in the undergraduate 
and graduate poetry programs. Successful candidate will have a terminal degree; 
substantial and active publication record (a minimum of three full-length 
poetry collections from presses of standing); deep commitment to teaching writing 
at all levels; demonstrated, energetic experience in program administration 
and editorial work; and a desire to participate in, and help shape, the English Department 
as a whole. 

Interviews at MLA. Send letter of application including areas of teaching and 
scholarly interest, 1–2 pg. statement of teaching philosophy, 2–3 pg. poetry sample, 
and C.V. to: Arielle Greenberg, Poetry Search Chair, English Dept., Columbia 
College Chicago, 600 South Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60605-1996. 
Review of applications will begin Nov. 1 and continue until position is filled. 

Columbia College Chicago is a vibrant, diverse arts and communications school 
in downtown Chicago. Our English Department features a dynamic Poetry Program 
offering a BA and an MFA, an active poetry reading series, and two nationally 
distributed literary magazines, Columbia Poetry Review (student-edited) 
and Court Green (faculty-edited). The department also offers minors in literature 
and professional writing (and creative nonfiction), and cross-listed courses in 
a cultural studies major. More information can be found at www.colum.edu. 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


DePaul U 

English, 802 W Belden Chicago IL 60614 

Assistant/Associate Professor in English 456 

http://www.depaul.edu/~english/home.html 
The English Department invites applications for tenure-track positions in rhetoric 
and composition at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor, starting in 
September 2006. We are particularly interested in candidates in writing across 
the curriculum, technical and/or professional writing, technology and writing, 
new media studies, and/or teaching English at the secondary or community-college 
level. Secondary fields might include genre studies or service learning. Applicants 
must have the PhD in hand by September 2006, demonstrated expertise 
in teaching, and an active scholarly agenda. Candidates for an advanced position 

must have significant experience in and a commitment to writing program administration 
or writing across the curriculum. 
Successful candidates will teach in a growing undergraduate program, an estab


lished MA in Writing, and a strong, varied general education program. We seek 
candidates with a clear commitment to undergraduate education, experience in 
teaching students of diverse cultural backgrounds, and sensitivity to the educational 
goals of a multicultural student population. Tenure-track faculty participate 
in advising and committee work, and they regularly teach in DePaul's general 
education, honors, and interdisciplinary programs, often on different campuses. 
We particularly seek candidates who mirror the diversity of the university and its 
surrounding urban community, and we specifically solicit applications from 
women, people of color, and individuals from other historically underrepresented 
groups. 

To apply, send a letter and CV to William Fahrenbach, Chair, Department of 
English, DePaul University, 802 W. Belden, Chicago, IL 60614. Applications 
must be postmarked by October 31, 2005. DePaul University is committed to 
diversity and equality in education and employment. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing 651 

http://www.eiu.edu/~english 
Tenure-track position in Creative Writing. We seek candidates with expertise in 
one or more of the following: fiction, poetry, and nonfiction. Publication in area 
of specialization and competence in teaching of creative writing at undergraduate 
and graduate levels required. Successful candidate will be able to contribute 
to our newly revised two-year MA program with concentrations in Creative 
Writing, Literary Studies, and Professional Writing and to our undergraduate 
major and General Education curricula. We seek excellent teachers with wide 
interests and creative promise. PhD by date of appointment. Fall 2006 start. 3/3 
teaching load. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier (letters of 
recommendation and official or unofficial transcripts) by November 11, 2005, to 
Dana Ringuette, Chair, Department of English, Eastern Illinois University, 600 
Lincoln Avenue, Charleston, IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA 
conference. Eastern Illinois University is an equal opportunity/equal access/ 
affirmative action employer committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of British literature 653 

http://www.eiu.edu/~english 
Tenure-track position in 19th-century British literature and culture. Especially 
interested in candidates with additional interests in such areas as textual studies, 
critical/literary theory, cultural studies, comparative literature, and/or teacher 
preparation. Successful candidate will be able to contribute to our newly revised 
two-year MA program and to our undergraduate major and General Education 
curricula. We seek excellent teachers with wide interests and scholarly promise. 
PhD by date of appointment. Fall 2006 start. 3/3 teaching load. Send letter of 
application, curriculum vitae, and dossier (letters of recommendation and official 
or unofficial transcripts) by November 11, 2005, to Dana Ringuette, Chair, De


partment of English, Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln Avenue, 
Charleston, IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. Eastern 
Illinois University is an equal opportunity/equal access/affirmative action 
employer committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Eastern Illinois U 

English, 600 Lincoln Av Charleston IL 61920 

Assistant Professor of American literature 656 

http://www.eiu.edu/~english 
Tenure-track position in 20th-century and contemporary American literature 
and culture. Especially interested in candidates with additional interests in such 
areas as textual studies, critical/literary theory, cultural studies, gender studies, 
and/or teacher preparation. Successful candidate will be able to contribute to our 
newly revised two-year MA program and to our undergraduate major and General 
Education curricula. We seek excellent teachers with wide interests and 
scholarly promise. PhD by date of appointment. Fall 2006 start. 3/3 teaching 
load. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dossier (letters of recommendation 
and official or unofficial transcripts) by November 11, 2005, to Dana 
Ringuette, Chair, Department of English, Eastern Illinois University, 600 Lincoln 
Avenue, Charleston, IL 61920-3099. We will interview at the MLA conference. 
Eastern Illinois University is an equal opportunity/equal access/affirmative 
action employer committed to achieving a diverse community. [R] 

Lake Forest C 

Engish, 555 Sheridan Rd Lake Forest IL 60045 

Director of Writing Programs/Lecturer 286 

http://www.lakeforest.edu 
Lake Forest College, an undergraduate liberal-arts institution 30 miles north of 
Chicago, invites applications for the position of Director of Writing Programs, 
and Lecturer in English. Responsibilities include maintaining a lively Writing 
Across the Disciplines program, administering a Writing Center that employs 
around twenty student tutors, and teaching three courses for the English department. 
Preferred academic specialties include but are not limited to: British literature, 
advanced and introductory Writing courses, and multicultural literatures. 
Applicants for this non-tenure track position will have the Ph.D, a demonstrable 
commitment to teaching, and documented experience of Writing Center work. 
Applicants will send vita and a narrative statement of their qualifications to Benjamin 
Goluboff, Chair of the Search Committee, English Department, Lake 
Forest College, Lake Forest, IL 60045 by November 1st. Complete dossiers will 
be requested at a later point. Lake Forest College embraces diversity throughout 
all of its constituencies and encourages applications from women and historically 
underrepresented groups. [R] 

Loyola U Chicago 

English, 6525 N Sheridan Rd Chicago IL 60626 

Assistant Professor of English 793 

http://www.luc.edu/depts/english/ 
The Department of English seeks to hire a tenure-track specialist in pre-1900 U. 


S. Literature and Culture, with primary interests in women's literature, gender 
theory, and/or popular culture; an emphasis on the period before 1850 would be 
especially helpful. The successful candidate will possess an earned doctorate and 
will be an accomplished teacher and scholar, possibly with one or more years of 
full-time teaching experience. Course load and salary are competitive. In keeping 
with its commitment to diversity, the Department seeks women applicants 
and applicants from varied ethnic and racial backgrounds to apply for this position. 
Letters of application and a C. V. (only) should be directed by US mail to 
Dr. Frank Fennell, Chair; Department of English, Loyola University Chicago; 
1001 W. Loyola Ave.; Chicago, IL 60626. Envelopes must be postmarked no 
later than November 11, 2005. Loyola University Chicago is an equal-
opportunity, affirmative-action employer. [R] 
MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Northern Illinois U 

English, 1425 Lincoln Hwy De Kalb IL 60115 

Assistant Professor of English 257 

http://www.engl.niu.edu 
Assistant Professor of English: Tenure-track, 9-month position in rhetoric and 
technical/professional communication, at the rank of Assistant Professor, starting 
16 August 2006. Preferred: Expertise in writing in corporate or professional environments. 
Desirable: Interest in outreach to the Chicago-area Illinois Research 
and Development Corridor. Required: Ph.D. by time of appointment and a research 
program. Salary competitive. Deadline: Complete applications must be received 
by 15 November 2005. Send: Cover letter, a statement of teaching and 
research interests, curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of 
three referees to Deborah H. Holdstein, Chair, Department of English, Northern 
Illinois University, DeKalb, IL, 60115. AA/EEO Institution. [R] 

Northwestern U 

English Department, 1897 Sheridan Rd Evanston IL 60208 

Early Associate Professor in 20th-Century U. S. Literature and Culture 572 

http://www.english.northwestern.edu 
Pending final approval, the English Department at Northwestern University 
seeks an accomplished scholar (rank early associate professor) with a strong 
record of publication and related professional activity who specializes in transnational, 
comparativist and/or cross-cultural approaches to twentieth-century U. S. 
literature and culture. We are particularly interested in hiring a scholar whose 
work and pedagogy are international in conception and interdisciplinary in 
method. The successful candidate will be based in the English Department and 
teach at all degree levels in English and in an honors-track undergraduate American 
Studies program. Depending on interests, the candidate may teach undergraduate 
and graduate students in the Comparative Literary Studies Program as 
well. Postmarked by October 1, 2005, send letter of application and CV (including 
a list of references) to: Prof. Jay Grossman, Chair of English/Humanities 
Search Committee, Department of English, University Hall 215, Northwestern 
University, Evanston IL 60208. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
AA/EOE. [R] 

Northwestern U 

English Department, 1897 Sheridan Rd Evanston IL 60208 

Assistant Professor 971 

http://www.english.northwestern.edu 
We seek a scholar with a strong record of or potential for research, related professional 
activity, and teaching who specializes in gender, sexuality, and new-media 
approaches to twentieth-and twenty-first-century literature and language. We are 
particularly interested in hiring a scholar whose work and pedagogy are international 
in conception and interdisciplinary in method, including approaches that 
move across national and linguistic boundaries. The successful candidate will be 
expected to contribute to course offerings in feminist, gender, and/or queer theory 
and to comparative literary studies, as part of the regular teaching responsibilities. 
For more information on the department and the programs, see www 
.english.northwestern.edu and www.wcas.northwestern.edu/genderstudies. By 
November 1, 2005, send letter of application, CV, dossier, and 25-page writing 
sample to: Chair of English/Gender Studies Search Committee, Department of 
English, University Hall 215, Northwestern University, Evanston IL 602082240. 
Candidates must also fill out the online applicant information form at 
www.english.northwestern.edu. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 
AA/EOE [R] 

Saint Xavier U 

English & For Langs, 3700 W 103rd St Chicago IL 60655 

Assistant Professor of English 603 

http://english.sxu.edu 
Saint Xavier University is seeking an assistant professor, tenure-track, with specialization 
in 19th-century British literature to begin August 2006. We are particularly 
interested in candidates with secondary emphases in one or more of the 
following: 18th-or 20th-century British literature, women and gender studies, 
composition and rhetorical theory. Viable candidates will need to demonstrate 
scholarly potential and a commitment to excellent undergraduate instruction. 
Teaching load is 12 hours per semester, but opportunities exist for course release. 
Responsibilities could include developmental writing, freshman composition, introductory 
courses in literature, and our gateway course to the English major, as 
well as offerings in the candidate's field. Ph.D. required at the time of appointment. 
Please send letter of application, current vita, and three letters of recommendation 
to Nelson Hathcock, Chair, Department of English and Foreign 
Languages, Saint Xavier University, 3700 W. 103rd St., Chicago, IL 60655. For 


full consideration applications should be postmarked no later than November 14, 
2005. 
Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 


Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of English: African American Lit./Director of 
Black Studies 622 

http://www.siue.edu/ENGLISH 
Specialist in any period or genre of African American Literature to direct Black 
Studies. Joint appointment between English and Black Studies. Terminal degree 
in English required. Rank open. Salary commensurate with experience and credentials. 
Successful candidate will have significant accomplishments as scholar 
and teacher, as well as demonstrated administrative skills. Duties include graduate 

and undergraduate teaching in English and administrative duties as Director of 
Black Studies. 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master's/comprehensive 

university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates must submit a letter 
of application and a cv to: African American Lit./Black Studies Director 
Search Committee, Department of English, Box 1431M, Southern Illinois University 
Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. As an Affirmative Action 
Employer, SIUE offers equal employment opportunity without regard to race, 
color, creed or religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state 
university; benefits under state sponsored plans may not be available to holders of 
F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by December 1, 2005; interviews 
will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Composition Studies 634 

http://www.siue.edu/ENGLISH 
Tenure-track position in Composition Studies. Specializations within Composition 
Studies open. Ph.D. required. Teaching assignment is 3/3 and includes 
courses in MA Teaching of Writing program, first-year writing sequence, and 
English major and general education curricula. Demonstrated scholarly promise 
essential. Significant teaching experience preferred. Appropriate professional service 
expected. If Ph.D. is not completed by the beginning of the contract pe


riod, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all requirements are fulfilled. 
Salary commensurate with experience and credentials. 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master's/comprehensive 


university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates must submit a letter 
of interest, vita, reference letters, statement of teaching philosophy, research 
agenda, and transcript to: Composition Studies Search Committee, Department 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


of English, Box 1431M, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, 
IL 62026-1431. As an Affirmative Action Employer, SIUE offers equal employment 
opportunity without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national 
origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under state 
sponsored plans may not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 14, 2005. Interviews 
will be held at the MLA convention in December. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: Old and Middle English Literature 632 

http://www.siue.edu/ENGLISH 
Tenure-track specialist in Old and Middle English literature, Ph.D. required. Secondary 
specialty in History of the English Language desirable. Knowledge of historical 
and theoretical approaches to literature desirable. 3/3 teaching load 
includes undergraduate and graduate courses in Old and Middle English literature, 
survey courses, composition, and possibly History of the Language. Salary 
commensurate with experience and credentials. If Ph.D. is not completed by the 

beginning of the contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until 
all requirements are fulfilled. 
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master's/comprehensive 

university located in the St. Louis Metro East area. Candidates must submit a letter 
of interest, vita, reference letters, statement of teaching philosophy, and research 
agenda to: Old and Middle English Search Committee, Department of 
English, Box 1431M, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL 
62026-1431. As an Affirmative Action Employer, SIUE offers equal employment 
opportunity without regard to race, color, creed or religion, age, sex, national 
origin, or disability. SIUE is a state university; benefits under state 
sponsored plans may not be available to holders of F1 or J1 visas. 

Preference given to applications postmarked by November 14, 2005; interviews 
will be held at the MLA Convention. Position open until filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Edwardsville 

English, PO Box 1431 Edwardsville IL 62026 

Assistant Professor of English: English Education 627 

http://www.siue.edu/ENGLISH 
Specialist in English Education. Requirements of position include: teaching 
methods courses in literature and composition, field supervision and mentoring 
of student teachers during their student teaching assignments, advising students 

in the BS in English program, teaching general education and upper-level English 
courses, possibly graduate courses. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. or equivalent in English or English Education. A demon


strated interest in literature, composition, and pedagogy. Teaching experience required; 
additional experience with middle or high school students desirable. 
Scholarly promise essential. If Ph.D. is not completed by the beginning of the 
contract period, appointment will be at rank of Instructor until all requirements 
are fulfilled. 

Candidates must submit an application packet including: a letter of application 
addressing teaching and research interests, a statement of teaching philosophy, 
and a current CV to: Search Committee English Education, Department of English 
Language and Literature, Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, Campus 
Box 1431M, Edwardsville, IL 62026-1431. 

Southern Illinois University Edwardsville is a diverse, master's/comprehensive 
university located in the St. Louis Metro-East area. As an Affirmative Action 
Employer, SIUE offers equal employment opportunity without regard to race, 
color, creed or religion, age, sex, national origin, or disability. SIUE is a state 
university—benefits under state sponsored plans may not be available to holders 
of F1 or J1 visas. Preference given to candidates who apply by 14 November 
2005; interviews will be held at the MLA convention. Position open until 
filled. [R] 

Southern Illinois U Carbondale 

English Department, Faner Hall Carbondale IL 62901 

Associate or Full Professor in Fiction Writing 42 

http://www.siu.edu/departments/english 
Mail Code: 4503 
Creative Writing Program: Fiction Writer 
The English Department at SIU Carbondale seeks applications to fill a faculty 

position at the level of associate or full professor in fiction writing for the Creative 
Writing Program. Candidates must possess an earned MA, MFA, or PhD 
in fiction writing or a related field, a record of significant national publications, 
and teaching commensurate with the rank for which they apply. Principal responsibilities 
will include teaching undergraduate and graduate level courses, 
maintaining a successful publication record in the area of expertise, and serving 
on departmental, college, and/or university committees. Send letter of application, 
current c.v., and writing sample to Professor Michael L. Humphries, Chair, 
Department of English, Mail Code 4503, Southern Illinois University Carbon-
dale, 1000 Faner Drive, Carbondale, Illinois 62901. Postmark deadline for applications 
is November 18, 2005, or until position is filled. Please note that only 
applications by mail will be accepted. 

Appointment will begin August 16, 2006. SIUC is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer that strives to enhance its ability to develop a diverse faculty 
and staff and to increase its potential to serve a diverse student population. 
Women and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant Professor of Literature, Transnationalism, and Global Cultures 156 

http://english.uchicago.edu/ 
We are looking for work that brings postcolonialism and colonialism within a 
larger field of study constituted by globalization processes, and falling within a 
period between 1700 and 2000. We expect to hire a scholar and teacher of 
demonstrable promise who can show critical sophistication with literary materials, 
a command of contemporary global contexts, and an awareness of historical 
perspectives. The specific field might be defined by a concentration on one 
colonial, postcolonial, or other Anglophone literature or by a comparative study 
of two or more regions, with some recognition of how these participate in various 
forms of "the world": empire, migration, and diaspora; modernism and cosmopolitanism; 
political, cultural, and economic models of internationalism; 
relations to indigenous cultures. Ph.D. must be fulfilled by time of employment. 
Applications (cover letter, C.V., dissertation abstract, 3 letters of recommendation) 
before November 1, 2005, to Bill Brown, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. 
The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 

U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum Chicago IL 60637 

Associate, or Full Professor, Latino/a Literature 177 

http://english.uchicago.edu/ 
We expect to hire one scholar, most likely at the rank of Associate or Full Professor, 
who works on Latino/a literature and culture, including narrative traditions 
within the U.S. and/or across the Americas (U.S., Mexico, Central America, 
South America, the Caribbean). We would also welcome applications from candidates 
working across media or genres within Latino/a culture as broadly described 
above. Significant publication record desirable. Applications (cover letter; 
cv including a list of four references; two articles or a book chapter) before November 
1, 2005, to Bill Brown, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 60637. The University 
of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Chicago 

English, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum Chicago IL 60637 

Assistant Professor, Latino/a Literature 176 

http://english.uchicago.edu/ 
We expect to hire one scholar, perhaps at the rank of Advanced or second-term 
Assistant Professor, who works on Latino/a literature and culture, including narrative 
traditions within the U.S. and/or across the Americas (U.S., Mexico, Central 
America, South America, the Caribbean). We would also welcome 
applications from candidates working across media or genres within Latino/a 
culture as broadly described above. Significant writing progress beyond the Ph.D. 
desired. Applications (cover letter; cv including four references; two articles or a 
book chapter) before November 1, 2005, to Bill Brown, Chair, Department of 
English, University of Chicago, 1115 E. 58th St., Walker Museum, Chicago, IL 
60637. The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 

U of Illinois 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor-American Literature before 1860 328 

http://www.english.uiuc.edu 
American literature before 1860. We welcome candidates from all relevant fields, 
from literatures of contact to early American through Antebellum literature. Assistant 
Professor. Full-time tenure-track appointment. Appointment begins August 
16, 2006. Ph.D. required by time of appointment. In order to ensure full 
consideration, send letter, C.V., and a 1–3 page description of dissertation or current, 
post-dissertation research project to Martin Camargo, Head, Department of 
English, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 608 S. Wright St., Urbana, 
IL 61801 (phone 217-333-2390) by November 4, 2005. We plan to interview at 
MLA. Salary commensurate with qualifications. The UIUC is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

U of Illinois 

English, 608 S Wright St Urbana IL 61801 

Assistant Professor-African Literature 329 

http://www.english.uiuc.edu 
African Literature. Assistant Professor. Full-time tenure-track appointment, joint 

appointment in Department of English and the Program in Comparative and 
World Literature. 
We are inviting applications for a position in African literature. Preference will be 

given to comparatists with strong training in Anglophone African studies and 
substantial expertise in sub-Saharan literatures. We particularly welcome candidates 
with knowledge of oral and written traditions in one or more indigenous 
language and who are prepared to teach courses in global studies, world literature, 
and postcolonial studies. 

Appointment begins August 16, 2006. Position assumes completed Ph.D. in pertinent 
area by August 2006. To ensure full consideration, send letter, c.v. and 1–3 
page description of the dissertation or current post-dissertation research project 
to Profs. Martin Camargo and Nancy Blake, Department of English, University 
of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 608 S. Wright St., Urbana, IL 61801 (phone 
217-333-2390) by November 4, 2005. We plan to interview at MLA. Salary 
commensurate with qualifications. The UIUC is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity Employer. [R] 

Western Illinois U 

English & Journalism, 1 University Cir Macomb IL 61455 

Assistant/Advanced Assistant/Associate Professor of English 818 

http://www.wiu.edu/english 
Ph.D in Composition and Rhetoric, or English with a specialization in composition 
and rhetoric, evidence of successful college teaching and of scholarly accomplishment 
or strong potential. Demonstrated experience and/or interest in 

teaching of composition and rhetoric, including, but not limited to, professional 
writing, composition studies, rhetorical theory, and other upper division and 
graduate writing courses. Secondary interest in service learning and experiential 
learning or computers and writing preferred. Commitment to teaching courses 
in general education required. 

Undergraduate and graduate teaching in Macomb and the Quad Cities; ongoing 
research and professional activities resulting in publication; departmental and university 
service. 

Rank and salary commensurate with degree and experience. Western Illinois 
University offers a competitive benefits package including domestic partner benefits. 
AA/EO employer. [R] 

Wheaton C 

English, 501 College Ave. Wheaton IL 60187 

English Instructor 

http://www.wheaton.edu 
Wheaton College (IL) announces one non-tenure-track, three-year renewable 
appointment available for the fall of 2006. Expected teaching load would include 
a combination of expository writing and general education literature sections. 
An ideal candidate would be able to give leadership to the freshman writing program 
and/or be able to supervise secondary education students. A Ph.D. is desirable 
but not required. Send letter of interest, resume, and names of references by 
November 18, 2005 to: Dr. Sharon Coolidge, Chair, English Department, 
Wheaton College, 501 College Avenue, Wheaton, Illinois 60187. Application 
forms will be sent to promising candidates. Wheaton College is an evangelical 
Protestant Christian liberal arts college whose faculty affirm a Statement of Faith 
and adhere to lifestyle expectations. The College complies with federal and state 
guidelines for nondiscrimination in employment. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. 

INDIANA 
DePauw U 

English, 310 S. College, 316 Asbury Hall Greencastle IN 46135 

Assistant Professor of English 500 

http://www.depauw.edu/acad/english/ 
Department of English. DePauw University. British Literature. Applications invited 
for tenure-track position in British literature to begin August 2006. Ph.D. 
preferred, ABD required; rank and salary commensurate with experience. Any 
pre-Victorian area of specialty welcome. Teaching will include introductory and 
advanced courses in literature and college writing for first-year students. Candidates 
should show evidence or promise of teaching excellence and commitment 
to undergraduate teaching in a liberal arts setting. For information about the department, 
visit http://www.depauw.edu/acad/english/. DePauw has exceptional 
programs for supporting its faculty, including pre-tenure leave and funding for 
professional and curriculum development (see http://www.depauw.edu/ 
amin/acadaffairs/facdev.htm). Submit letter of application and c.v. to Wayne 
Glausser, Chair, English Department, DePauw University, Greencastle, IN 
46135. We will begin reviewing applications and requesting dossiers on 
October 1; MLA interviews. DePauw University is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative 
Action Employer. Women and members of underrepresented groups are 
particularly encouraged to apply. [R] 

Indiana U South Bend 

English, PO Box 7111, 1700 Mishawaka Av South Bend IN 46634 

Assistant Professor of English 696 

http://www.iusb.edu 
The Department of English seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in British romantic 
and eighteenth century literature; Ph.D. Additional expertise in children's 
literature desirable. Entry-level. All members of the department teach first-year 
writing; enthusiasm for and experience in teaching writing will be a plus. Nor-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


mal teaching load is three courses per semester. Position begins August 2006. 
Placement folder (transcripts, 3 reference letters, curriculum vitae) and letter of 
application addressing teaching experience and interests by November 1 to : 
James Blodgett, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, Indiana University 
South Bend, 1700 Mishawaka Avenue, South Bend, IN 46634. All applications 
will be acknowledged; we plan to interview at MLA. IUSB is an AA/ 
EEO employer. [R] 

Indiana U South Bend 

English, PO Box 7111, 1700 Mishawaka Av South Bend IN 46634 

Assistant Professor of English 698 

http://www.iusb.edu 
The Department of English seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in creative 
writing with a fiction specialty. Entry-level position. MFA or Ph.D.; substantial 
fiction publication. All members of the department teach first-year writing; additional 
expertise in expository or professional writing will be a plus, as will interest 
in program development. Normal teaching load is three courses per 
semester. Position begins August 2006. Placement folder (transcripts, 3 reference 
letters, curriculum vitae) and letter of application addressing teaching experience 
and interests by November 1 to : Joseph Chaney, Chair, Search Committee, Department 
of English, Indiana University South Bend, IN 46634. All applications 
will be acknowledged; we plan to interview at MLA. IUSB is an AA/EEO 
employer. [R] 

Indiana U-Purdue U For t Wayne 

English & Linguistics, 2101 E Coliseum Blvd Fort Wayne IN 46805 

Assistant Professor of English 220 

http://www.ipfw.edu/engl 
Tenure-track position in Early Modern Literature (1500–1700) at the rank of 
Assistant Professor, with ability to teach ancient and medieval World Literature. 
PhD expected by August 2006. Candidates should be prepared to teach a wide 
range of courses to non-majors as well as majors, to maintain an active research 
agenda, to fulfill service commitments, and to work with graduate students on 
theses. The teaching commitment is 3/3, with the possibility of summer courses. 
Indiana University-Purdue University, Fort Wayne is located on a growing campus 
of approximately 11,500 students in a metropolitan area of 300,000. By 
23 November 2005 send application letter, c.v., and three reference letters to 
Chair, Early Modern Search Committee, Department of English, CM 145, 2101 

E. Coliseum Blvd., Fort Wayne, IN 46805-1499. MLA convention interviews 
will be arranged. IPFW is an Equal Opportunity, Equal Access, Affirmative Action 
Employer. [R] 
Indiana U-Purdue U For t Wayne 

English & Linguistics, 2101 E Coliseum Blvd Fort Wayne IN 46805 

Assistant Professor of English 796 

http://www.ipfw.edu/engl 
Three tenure-track, entry-level assistant professor positions in rhetoric & composition 
beginning August 2006. We seek faculty who value a balance between 
teaching and research. Preferred areas of expertise include one or more of the 
following: technical communication, computers and multimedia, writing center 
theory, secondary and post-secondary pedagogy. The successful candidates will 
join a department that already includes six tenure-track faculty who specialize in 
rhetoric, composition, or professional writing. Teaching load is 3/3. Degree in 
English or a related field required; Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. Send letter, 
vita, and three letters of reference to Dr. Stuart Blythe, Associate Professor & 
Director of Writing, Department of English & Linguistics, Indiana University-

Purdue University Fort Wayne, 2101 E. Coliseum Blvd., Fort Wayne, IN 
46805-1499 
Review of applications will begin October 24, 2005; phone interviews will be 

held in early November. For a more detailed description of the positions and the 
campus, please see our website: http://www.ipfw.edu/engl. IPFW is an Equal 
Opportunity, Equal Access, Affirmative Action University. [R] 

Indiana U Southeast 

School of Arts & Letters, 4201 Grant Line Rd New Albany IN 47150 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.ius.edu 
English: Indiana University Southeast. Assistant Professor of English with a specialization 
in technical/professional writing and ability to share WPA duties. 
Tenure Track. Beginning August 2006. Ph.D. in hand by August, 2006. Commitment 
to scholarship and undergraduate teaching and learning required; demonstrated 
record of excellence in teaching at the college level required. Interest in 

curriculum development, general education, WAC, and community outreach 
preferred. 
Course load: 12 hours (reassigned time for WPA work; most faculty also receive 

reassigned time for research). 
Send application letter, vita, three current letters of recommendation, unofficial 
transcript, a statement of teaching philosophy (250 words), and evidence of 
teaching excellence to Dr. Virginia Anderson, Chair, Writing Search, IU Southeast, 
4201 Grant Line Road, New Albany, IN 47150. Deadline: November 1, 

2005. Contact Human Resources should you need any accommodations during 
the job application process due to a disability. 
Located in the Louisville, Kentucky, metropolitan area, IU Southeast is one of 

the eight degree-granting campuses of Indiana University. 
IUS is committed to a learning environment that actively seeks to support students, 
faculty, and staff from diverse backgrounds. Consistent with the administration's 
commitment to diversity, persons from traditionally underrepresented 
groups are strongly encouraged to apply. IUS is an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity Employer. [R] 

Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 47405 

Assistant Professor of English 605 

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/ 
Tenure-track position for an Assistant Professor in the area of English language 
studies, preferably with a strong interest in research and teaching in an additional 
area complementary to English language studies. Please send a letter of application, 
self-addressed postcard, and a curriculum vitae by October 28 to R. D. 
Fulk, Chair of English Language Search, Department of English, Indiana University, 
Ballantine Hall 442, 1020 E. Kirkwood Ave., Bloomington, IN 47405. 
Indiana University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. [R] 


Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 47405 

Associate or Full Professor of English 608 

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/ 
Indiana University plans to hire in nineteenth-century literature at the Associate 
or Full Professor level. While specialization is open, we are interested in supplementing 
any of the department's longstanding strengths in Victorian studies, 
trans-Atlantic and international studies, American studies, ethnic studies, feminist 
and sexuality studies, literature and science, literature and religion, and print culture. 
Please send a cover letter, curriculum vitae, self-addressed postcard, and 
short writing sample of current work postmarked by October 17 to: Andrew 
Miller or Paul Gutjahr, Co-Chairs, Nineteenth-Century Search, Indiana University, 
Department of English, Ballantine Hall 442, 1020 E. Kirkwood Ave., 
Bloomington, IN 47405. Indiana University is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Indiana U 

English, 1020 E Kirkwood Av, 442 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 47405 

Full or Associate Professor of English 611 

http://www.indiana.edu/~engweb/ 
Full or Associate Professor in Composition/Rhetoric. We are open as to specialty, 
but candidates must have experience and interest in writing program administration. 
Please send a letter of application, self-addressed postcard, and 
curriculum vitae by October 28 to John Schilb, Chair of Composition/Rhetoric 
Search Committee, Department of English, Indiana University, Ballantine Hall 
442, 1020 E. Kirkwood Ave., Bloomington, IN 47405. Indiana University is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor, English Education 226 

http://www.cla.purdue.edu/english/ 
The Department of English at Purdue University is searching for a tenure-track 
assistant professor in English education. Qualifications include a Ph.D. in English 
education or closely related field and experience teaching English language arts 
at the middle or high school level. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses in areas of specialization, serve on master's and dissertation 
committees, maintain a significant scholarly program, and perform 
program-related administrative duties, such as coordinating and mentoring undergraduate 
student teachers and serving on department and college committees. 
Experience supervising student teachers and a commitment to school-based outreach 
activities are desirable. Appropriate research emphases could include, but 
are not limited to, secondary school speech and theatre pedagogies, secondary 
reading, media literacy, educational research methodologies, and/or teaching 
grammar and language in the secondary school. The appointment will be shared 
between the Department of English (2/3) and the Department of Curriculum 
and Instruction (1/3). Review of applications will begin October 15, 2005 and 
continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews at the NCTE convention. 
Starting date: August 14, 2006. Send letter of application, c.v., a writing 
sample of no more than 25 pages, and three letters of recommendation to Daniel 
Morris, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, 500 Oval Drive, 
Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. Purdue University is an 
equal access/equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor of Engish in Visual Theory/Visual Culture 228 

http://www.cla.purdue.edu/english/ 
The English Department at Purdue University is searching for a tenure-track assistant 
professor in visual theory/visual culture (film and television), with a secondary 
area in contemporary literature. The successful candidate will be 
expected to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in areas of specialization 
and to participate on dissertation committees. Additional expertise in one or 
more of the following areas strongly desired: theories of race and ethnicity, postcolonial 
theory, popular culture, Marxist theory, or queer studies. Ph.D. in relevant 
field required. Initial review of applications will begin November 1, 2005 
and will continue until position is filled. Interviews at MLA. The position will 
begin August 14, 2006. Send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and three 
letters of recommendation addressing scholarship and teaching strengths to: 
Daniel Morris, Head of the Search Committee, Department of English, Purdue 
University, 500 Oval Drive, West Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. PURDUE UNIVERSITY 
IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/EQUAL ACCESS AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTION [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Associate Professor of Creative Writing-Poetry 227 

http://www.cla.purdue.edu/english/ 
Associate Professor of Creative Writing—Poetry (Tenure Track). Starting date: 
August 14, 2006. We are seeking a poet and committed teacher whose record of 
publication includes at least one book. MFA or equivalent required as is experience 
teaching creative writing at the university level, preferably both undergraduate 
and graduate. Since this position eventually will include directing our small, 
intensive MFA program, administrative experience and/or interest is desirable. 
Our program culminates in a third year of focused one-on-one work toward the 
book-length thesis. Teaching: thesis supervision and two courses per semester, 
with one course release per year when serving as director of the program. Review 
of applications will begin November 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. Send letter of application, a one-page statement of teaching 
philosophy, one book (and a SASE for its return), and three letters of recommendation 
addressing writing and teaching to Daniel Morris, Chair of the 
Search Committee, Department of English, 500 Oval Drive, Purdue University, 
West Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. [R] 

Purdue U 

English and Modern Languages, 1401 S 421 Westville IN 46391 

Assistant Professor of English 312 

http://www.pnc.edu/pr/facfull.html 

Full-time, ten-month, tenure-track. Salary and rank are commensurate with experience 
and credentials. Excellent benefits. 
QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English is required by the August 14, 2006, start


ing date. Specialization: The Renaissance to the Restoration periods with emphasis 
in Shakespeare. Training or experience in teaching nineteenth-century 
British literature and/or linguistics is a plus. A commitment to teaching excellence, 
college teaching experience, and scholarly potential are required. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Include preparing and teaching 7–8 divisions of English 
Literature and Composition courses per year (between 11 and 14 contact hours 
per semester), creating class materials, preparing and administering examinations, 
holding office hours, performing academic advising, participating in campus 
governance, attending commencement, and pursuing one's research interests. 
Modest research/scholarly activity is expected and supported. Assignments may 
include teaching a variety of literary survey and genre courses and multiple divisions 
of first-year writing courses following the campus Composition curriculum. 
Some courses may be taught in the evenings or at off-campus locations, 
including a correctional facility. Opportunity exists for summer employment. 

INTERVIEWS: Interviews will be conducted at the MLA Conference in Washington, 
D.C., December 27–30, 2005. Please indicate our plans to attend MLA 
in your letter of application. 

APPLICATION INFORMATION: Review will begin November 14, 2005, 
and will continue until the position is filled. Submit letter of application, CV, 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Ms. Jean-Ann Morton, Department 
of English & Modern Languages, Purdue University North Central, 
1401 S. U.S. 421, Westville, IN 46391-9542, e-mail: jmorton@pnc.edu, FAX: 

(219) 785-5518, Web Address: http://www.pnc.edu/pr/facfull.html 
Electronic or faxed submissions must be followed by hard copies of all application 
materials. 
Applications will be acknowledged. EO/AA. Women, minorities, and individu


als with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Purdue U 

English and Modern Languages, 1401 S 421 Westville IN 46391 

Assistant Professor of English 313 

http://www.pnc.edu/pr/facfull.html 
Full-time, ten-month, tenure-track. Salary and rank are commensurate with experience 
and credentials. Excellent benefits. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English is required by the August 14, 2006, starting 
date. Specialization: British Literature (any periods from 1700 to the present) 
and Post-Colonialism. Training or experience in Cultural Studies and Multicultural 
or Minority Literatures (e.g., Irish, Gay, Asian-American, etc.) is a plus. A 
commitment to teaching excellence, college teaching experience, and scholarly 
potential are required. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: Include preparing and teaching 7–8 divisions of English 
Literature and Composition courses per year (between 11 and 14 contact hours 
per semester), creating class materials, preparing and administering examinations, 
holding office hours, performing academic advising, participating in campus 
governance, attending commencement, and pursuing one's research interests. 
Modest research/scholarly activity is expected and supported. Assignments may 
include teaching a variety of literary survey and genre courses and multiple divisions 
of first-year writing courses following the campus Composition curriculum. 
Some courses may be taught in the evenings or at off-campus locations, 
including a correctional facility. Opportunity exists for summer employment. 

INTERVIEWS: Interviews will be conducted at the MLA Conference in Washington, 
D.C., December 27–30, 2005. Please indicate our plans to attend MLA 
in your letter of application. 

APPLICATION INFORMATION: Review will begin November 14, 2005, 
and will continue until the position is filled. Submit letter of application, CV, 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to Ms. Jean-Ann Morton, Department 
of English & Modern Languages, Purdue University North Central, 
1401 S. U.S. 421, Westville, IN 46391-9542, e-mail: jmorton@pnc.edu, FAX: 

(219) 785-5518, Web Address: http://www.pnc.edu/pr/facfull.html 
Electronic or faxed submissions must be followed by hard copies of all application 
materials. 
Applications will be acknowledged. EO/AA. Women, minorities, and individu


als with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Saint Mary's C 

English, PO Box 14, 4 Madeleva Hall Notre Dame IN 46556 

Shakespeare/Early Modern Literature 285 

http://saintmarys.edu/~english/ 
Pending final budgetary approval, the Department of English at Saint Mary's 
College, a Catholic women's college in Notre Dame, Indiana, invites applications 
from individuals with a Ph.D. and a specialization in Shakespeare/Early 
Modern Literature for a tenure-track position. The department seeks a person 
with a strong commitment to teaching in an undergraduate, liberal arts context. 
The normal teaching load is three courses (10 credit hours) per semester, including 
a writing-intensive course in language and literature for first-year students. 
Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three current and confidential 
letters of recommendation to Dr. Max Westler, Chair, Department of English, 
Saint Mary's College, Notre Dame, IN 46556. Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Saint Mary's is an equal opportunity employer. 
[R] 

U of Notre Dame 

American Studies, 314 O'Shaughnessy Hall Notre Dame IN 46556 

American Studies Search 263 

http://www.nd.edu/~amst 
The Department of American Studies, University of Notre Dame, is accepting 
applications for up to two tenure-track or tenured appointments (open rank). 
Areas of teaching and research are also open, but may include literary and cultural 
studies, comparative cultures/the Americas, social history, narrative nonfiction, 
and ethnic studies. Ideally, applicants should have completed a Ph.D. in 
American Studies or a cognate field. Experience in an American Studies program 
is desirable. The department is one of the strongest undergraduate programs 
in the nation, averaging 150 majors per year. The University of Notre 
Dame—an international Catholic research university—is an affirmative action/ 
equal opportunity employer that welcomes applications from individuals with diverse 
backgrounds. Please send a letter of application, C.V., and three letters of 
reference to Benedict Giamo, Chair, Department of American Studies, 314 
O'Shaughnessy Hall, Notre Dame, IN 46556. (No e-mail submissions.) Appli


cants should submit materials by October 31st, 2005, to be considered for preliminary 
interviews at the ASA convention in D.C. The final deadline for applications 
is November 15th, 2005. [R] 

U of Notre Dame 

English, 356 O'Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Assistant Professor of English 184 

http://www.nd.edu/~english 
We are searching for a poet, at the tenure track assistant professor level, to teach 
primarily in the Notre Dame English Department's fairly young, but well established, 
graduate Creative Writing Program. Poets who have published at least 
one book of poetry and have some publication record in fiction are especially 
encouraged to apply. An MFA degree or the equivalent is desirable. Please send 
letter of interest and vita to William O'Rourke, Director of Creative Writing, 
Department of English, 356 O'Shaugnessy, University of Notre Dame, Notre 
Dame, IN, 46556, by Nov. 15th, and indicate whether you plan to attend the 
MLA convention. There will be on-campus interviews. The University of Notre 
Dame is an international Catholic research university and an equal opportunity 
educator and employer actively working to promote an intercultural learning 
community that seeks outstanding applicants from women and persons of diverse 
backgrounds. Information about Notre Dame's Creative Writing Program is 
available at http://www.nd.edu/~alcwp/ [R] 

U of Notre Dame 

English, 356 O'Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Assistant Professor or Associate Professor of English 739 

http://www.nd.edu/~english 
Middle English Literature: Advanced Assistant or early Associate Professor 
The Department of English at the University of Notre Dame is seeking to make 

an appointment in Middle English Literature at the rank of advanced assistant 
professor or early associate professor. We seek candidates with a significant record 
of publication. 

Old and Middle English at Notre Dame are among the university's premier programs. 
The close relationship of the medieval faculty in English to the Medieval 
Institute is just one feature of the strong community of scholarship at Notre 
Dame dedicated to studying the Middle Ages in its many traditions. The Library 
of the Medieval Institute is one of the university's treasures, comprising over 
90,000 volumes together with various collections of handbooks, series, pamphlets, 
reprints and photographic materials. 

The Department of English, with forty-five full-time teaching and research faculty, 
offers programs in all areas of literature in English. Faculty teach two courses 
a semester, graduate and undergraduate, with most courses in their areas of specialization. 
The University of Notre Dame, located 90 miles from Chicago, is an 
international Catholic research university. The University is an equal opportunity 
educator and employer actively working to promote an international learning 
community that seeks outstanding applicants from women and persons of diverse 
backgrounds. Information about Notre Dame is available at http://www.nd.edu. 

Salary highly competitive. Send a letter of application and c.v. by October 14 to 
Stephen Fredman, Chair, Department of English, 356 O'Shaughnessy, University 
of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556. [R] 

U of Notre Dame 

English, 356 O'Shaughnessy Notre Dame IN 46556 

Open Rank Professor of English 185 

http://www.nd.edu/~english 
American Literature before 1900. Rank open. 
The Department of English at the University of Notre Dame is seeking to make 

an appointment in American Literature before 1900. While the rank is open, we 
seek a candidate with significant publications. We are particularly interested in 
candidates who complement our strengths in transnational, comparatist, and 
post-colonial studies; politics and literature; religion and literature; performance 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


studies; history of the book; and poetry. Candidates with strengths in areas that 
fill our needs in native American studies, science and literature, ecocriticism, and 
popular literature will also be very competitive. 

The field of American literary studies at Notre Dame is part of an interdisciplinary 
community of Americanists that includes the Institute for Latino Studies, the 
Gender Studies Program, the Department of Africana Studies, and the Department 
of American Studies. The Department of English, with forty-five full-time 
teaching and research faculty, offers programs in all areas of literature in English. 
Faculty teach two courses a semester, graduate and undergraduate, with most 
courses in their areas of specialization. The University of Notre Dame, located 
90 miles from Chicago, is an international Catholic research university. The University 
is an equal opportunity educator and employer actively working to promote 
an international learning community that seeks outstanding applicants from 
women and persons of diverse backgrounds. Information about Notre Dame is 
available at htttp://www.nd.edu. 

Salary highly competitive. Send a letter of application and c.v. by October 14th 
to Stephen Fredman, Chair, Department of English, 356 O'Shaughnessy, University 
of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556. [R] 

U of Southern Indiana 

English, 8600 University Blvd Evansville IN 47712 

Director of Composition 907 

http://www.usi.edu/ 
The University of Southern Indiana invites applications for Director of Composition, 
10-month appointment, at the Associate Professor level, to direct a well-
established writing program that is central to the University's teaching mission. 
Administrative duties include recruiting, supervising, and evaluating faculty who 
teach first-year writing; directing the composition program as appropriate to the 
university's mission, and providing leadership in the teaching of writing. The 
DOC works together with the Assistant Director of Composition, the department 
chairperson, and other administrators. The teaching load is two courses per 
semester. The English Department includes 29 full-time faculty, of whom approximately 
eleven teach primarily in the first-year program. The PhD in English 
and significant administrative experience are required; a concentration in 
rhetoric and composition is desirable. The position will begin no later than August 
2006; ideally, the successful candidate will be able to start as early as 1 July 
2006. Submit a letter, CV, unofficial transcript showing highest degree earned, 
and contact information for three references to Dr. Betty Hart, Search Committee 
Chair, English Department, University of Southern Indiana, 8600 University 
Blvd., Evansville, IN 47712. Review of applications will begin 24 October 2005 
and will continue until the position is filled. The University of Southern Indiana 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

Wabash C 

English, 301 W Wabash Crawfordsville IN 47933 

Assistant Professor of English 783 

http://www.wabash.edu 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in British Literature (Restoration/18th Century 
or 20th Century). Preference will be given to candidates with expertise in 
one or more of the following areas: Anglophone Literatures, Post-Colonial Literatures, 
African Diasporic Literatures, Drama, or Gender Studies. This tenure-
track position begins in the fall of 2006. Salary and benefits competitive, with 
generous support for professional development. 3/3 teaching load. At Wabash, a 
selective private liberal arts college for men, outstanding teaching is emphasized; 
thus, the Department seeks an enthusiastic, reflective, and creative teacher with 
serious scholarly interests. All members of the Department share teaching responsibilities 
in composition, critical theory, introductory and advanced literature 
courses, and all-college courses. Send letter of application, vita, and statement of 
teaching philosophy to Warren Rosenberg, Chair, Department of English, P.O. 
Box 352, Crawfordsville, IN 47933. Applications will be acknowledged by letter. 
Dossiers will be requested after initial screening. Postmark deadline is 
November 5. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at MLA. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. EOE. [R] 

IOWA 
Drake U 

English, 2507 University Av Des Moines IA 50311 

Assistant Professor of English, tenure-track, Poetry 836 

http://www.drake.edu/artsci/english/home.html 
We seek an outstanding teacher and active poet to teach courses in poetry writing 
and poetic traditions, worldwide. Secondary interest in one of the following: 
hybrid or postmodern writing, multi-media poetics, performance poetry, critical 
theory/history, law and literature, or new global perspectives on literary study. 
Drake University values interdisciplinary research and teaching and seeks to attract 
candidates prepared to develop courses and programs that integrate classroom 
learning with learning that takes place outside the classroom. Three classes 
per semester, all undergraduate, including a First Year Seminar in fall term. Candidates 
must have relevant teaching experience and a commitment to ongoing 
research and writing. Must have Ph.D. or M.F.A. in hand at beginning of first 
term of appointment. For December interview consideration, send letter of application 
and c.v., including e-mail address (so we may acknowledge receipt) by 
postmark date Oct. 20 to Joe Lenz, Chair, Department of English, Drake University, 
Des Moines, IA 50311. e-mail inquiries to joseph.lenz@drake.edu. 
Drake University is an equal-opportunity employer, and actively seeks applicants 
who reflect the diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated 
against on the basis of race, color, national origin, creed, religion, age, disability, 
sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or veteran status. [R] 

Drake U 

English, 2507 University Av Des Moines IA 50311 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track, Law, Politics & Society 839 

http://www.drake.edu 
New tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the interdisciplinary Law, Politics, 
and Society Program. The Program seeks an outstanding teacher and active 
scholar with expertise in one or more of the following areas: law and society, justice 
studies, jurisprudence and social thought, critical criminology, global issues 
of law/crime/justice, sociology of law, or critical race or gender studies connected 
to law and justice. Drake University values interdisciplinary research and 
teaching and seeks to attract candidates prepared to develop courses that integrate 
classroom learning with learning that takes place outside the classroom. Three 
classes per semester, all undergraduate, including both core and elective LPS-designated 
seminars and courses. Ph.D. in relevant area required. Candidate must 
have relevant teaching experience and a commitment to ongoing LPS-related research 
and writing. Send letter of application and c.v., including e-mail address 
(so we may acknowledge receipt) by postmark date Oct. 20 to Joe Lenz, Acting 
Director, Law, Politics & Society, 324 Howard Hall, Drake University, Des 
Moines, IA 50311. e-mail inquiries to joseph.lenz@drake.edu. Drake University 
is an equal-opportunity employer, and actively seeks applicants who reflect the 
diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis of 
race, color, national origin, creed, religion, age, disability, sex, gender identity, 
sexual orientation or veteran status. [R] 

Grinnell C 

English, 1213 Sixth St, Mears Cottage Grinnell IA 50112 

Assistant Professor of English 114 

http://www.grinnell.edu 
Tenure-track position in Ethnic American Literature with secondary emphasis in 
creative writing (fiction). Assistant Professor (Ph.D.) preferred; Instructor (ABD) 
possible. Ph.D. in Ethnic American literature with specialty in non-African 
American Literature. M.A./M.F.A. in fiction writing and/or proven publication 
record. The teaching schedule of five courses over two semesters will include an 
upper-division course and surveys in Ethnic American and American Literature, 
a course in fiction writing, and several introductory courses. In their letters of 
application, candidates should discuss their interest in developing as a teacher and 
scholar in an undergraduate, liberal-arts environment that emphasizes close stu-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


dent-faculty interaction and values diversity. The successful candidate should 
demonstrate an interest in participation in the College's general education offerings. 
To be assured of full consideration, applications must be received by November 
7, 2005. 

Send letter and c.v. to George Barlow, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Grinnell College, Grinnell, IA 50112-1690. (englishsearch@grinnell.edu, 
641-269-4655, Fax 641-269-4718). 

Grinnell College is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed 
to attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals who collectively reflect the 
diversity of the nation. No applicant shall be discriminated against on the basis of 
race, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, 
creed, or disability. [R] 

KANSAS 
Kansas SU 

English, ECS Building Manhattan KS 66506 

Assistant Professor of English 584 

http://www.ksu.edu/english/positions 
Tenure-track position for specialist in Professional/Technical writing. PhD in 
professional/technical communication or related concentration. Academic training 
and experience in professional or technical writing and/or scholarship, demonstrated 
excellence in teaching, evidence of research and publication or its 
potential required. Commitment to diversity required. Demonstrated commitment 
to program development, professional experience outside academe, and 
experience with diverse clients or students desirable. Five course per year teaching 
load, opportunities to develop innovative interdisciplinary pedagogies. Send 
letter of application and c.v. (dossiers/writing samples requested later) to Linda 
Brigham, Head, English Dept., ECS Building, Kansas State University, Manhattan, 
KS 66506. Review of applications begins November 4 and continues until 


the position is filled. Kansas State is an equal opportunity employer and actively 
seeks diversity among its employees. 
Paid for by Kansas State University. [R] 


KENTUCKY 
Berea C 

English, Theatre & Communication, PO Box 2351 Berea KY 40404 

Assistant Professor of English 570 

http://www.berea.edu 
Berea College announces a tenure-track position in English beginning August, 
2006. Appointment is expected at the assistant professor rank; a Ph.D. in English 
or a closely related field is required. Teaching responsibilities include courses in 
the writing concentration of the English major (creative and/or professional 
writing); literature courses; and courses in the College's general studies curriculum. 
Additional expertise in one or more of the following areas is desirable: English 
education, ESL, writing assessment, writing in the disciplines. Superior 
teaching at the undergraduate level and commitment to the purposes of the College 
are essential. Applicants should submit a letter of application, CV, transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation, or complete placement file to Dr. Verlaine 
McDonald, Chair, Department of English, Theatre and Speech Communica


tion, CPO 2169, Berea College, Berea, KY 40404. Review of applications will 
begin on October 17, 2005. 
Berea College, in light of its mission in the tradition of impartial love and social 

equality, welcomes all people of the earth to learn and work here. [R] 

Centre C 

English, 600 W Walnut St Danville KY 40422 

Assistant Professor of English 566 

http://www.centre.edu 
Tenure Track opening for PhD with degree in 19th-century British literature, 
Romantic or Victorian specialist. 18th-century a desirable secondary interest. In 


lieu of freshman composition duties, Centre English faculty teach in a two-semester 
freshman humanities program. 
Send letter of application, vita, and dossier to Dean John Ward, Centre College, 


600 W. Walnut Street, Danville, Kentucky 40422. Review of applications begins 
December 1. Interviews of selected candidates will be held at MLA. Centre College 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer determined to hire a diverse faculty of 
dedicated teacher/scholars. [R] 


Transylvania U 

Writing, Rhetoric, and Communication Program, Lexington KY 40508 

Assistant Professor of Writing, Rhetoric, and Communication/Associate Director 
of the Writing Center 459 

http://homepages.transy.edu/~WRC 
Tenure-track position in Writing, Rhetoric, and Communication, beginning 
September 1, 2006. Ph.D. (or ABD) in Rhetoric or Composition, teaching experience 
and a commitment to the goals of liberal arts education required. Preference 
will be given to candidates who can demonstrate significant breadth in 
graduate coursework, previous administrative experience, and extensive experience 
teaching writing and composition. Expertise in argumentation, creative 
non-fiction, and journalism desirable. The WRC program was recently initiated 
at Transylvania, and the successful candidate will have the opportunity to design 
middle and upper level courses in her areas of specialization. The position carries 
a teaching load of 6 courses per year (which includes a one course reduction for 
administrative duties). Teaching responsibilities include a contribution (usually 2 
courses) to the first-year liberal arts program. Salary commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. Bingham Awards for Excellence in Teaching may provide 
substantial salary supplements for exceptional candidates or smaller 
"start-up" grants for more recent Ph.D.s. Transylvania University is an independent, 
residential, liberal arts college of 1,100. Further information about the 
University and Program may be found at the web site. Send only letter and CV 
at this time, together with a self-addressed postcard, to Martha Gehringer, Chair. 
EOE. Deadline, postmark 11/15/05. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor-18th-19th Century British Poetry 806 

http://www.uky.edu/English/ 
The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks an advanced assistant or 
associate professor specializing in 18th and/or 19th Century British poetry, with 
expertise in Romanticism. Evidence of scholarly achievement and teaching experience 
appropriate for tenure in a Research 1 university are required; experience 
mentoring graduate students is desirable. Teaching load is two courses per 
semester; teaching responsibilities normally include graduate and advanced un


dergraduate courses in British literature, plus introductory literature courses. 
Ph.D. required. 
Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and letters of recommenda


tion to 18th/19th Century British Poetry Search, c/o Ms. Lucy Combs, English 
Department, 1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
KY 40506 


Deadline is November 14. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2006. 
The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes applications 
from women and minorities. [R] 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor-American Literature and Film 822 

http://www.uky.edu/English/ 
The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks an assistant professor 
specializing in American literature and film. Evidence of scholarly promise and 
teaching experience are required. Ph.D. should be in hand at the time of appointment. 
Teaching load is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities 


normally include graduate, advanced undergraduate, and introductory courses in 
this area. 
Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and letters of recommenda


tion to American Literature and Film Search, c/o Ms. Lucy Combs, English 
Department, 1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
KY 40506 


Deadline is November 14. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2006. 
The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes applications 
from women and minorities. [R] 


U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor-20th Century British Literature 842 

http://www.uky.edu/English/ 
The English Department, University of Kentucky, seeks an advanced assistant or 
associate professor specializing in 20th century British literature. Evidence of 
scholarly achievement and teaching experience appropriate for tenure in a Research 
1 university are required; experience mentoring graduate students is desirable. 
Teaching load is two courses per semester; teaching responsibilities 


normally include graduate and advanced undergraduate courses in British literature, 
plus introductory literature courses. Ph.D. required. 
Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and letters of recommenda


tion to 20th Century British Literature Search, c/o Ms. Lucy Combs, English 
Department, 1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, 
KY 40506 


Deadline is November 14. We will conduct interviews at the MLA Convention. 


Appointment begins August 2006. 
The English Department is strongly committed to diversity and welcomes applications 
from women and minorities. [R] 


U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 916 

http://www.louisville.edu/a-s/english 
University of Louisville. Tenure-track Assistant Professor of creative writing: fiction 
preferred, but poetry, drama, and creative nonfiction acceptable; expertise in 
more than one area highly desirable. Candidates should have a terminal degree in 
creative writing (MFA, PhD, or equivalent) at the time of appointment, and have 
at least one published book or produced play, plus demonstrated teaching excellence. 
Teaching load appropriate to a research institution, salary competitive. The 
successful candidate will teach undergraduate & graduate workshops/courses in 
creative writing, composition, and literature, as well as advise & direct student 
theses. Deadline for applications: postmarked by Jan. 15, 2006. Send letter of application, 
c.v., writing sample, plus three letters of recommendation to: Paul 
Griner, Director of Creative Writing, Department of English, University of 
Louisville, 40292. The Department of English is committed to building a culturally 
diverse faculty and strongly encourages women, African Americans, and 
other minorities to apply. The University of Louisville is an AA/EO 
employer. [R] 

U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Tenure Track, Assistant Professor 920 

http://www.louisville.edu/a-s/english/ 
We are looking for a scholar working in traditionally under-represented fields of 
literatures in English. We encourage applicants interested in literatures of contact 
and minority literatures, with emphasis on questions of race, ethnicity, class, 
and/or sexuality; those with a focus outside of African American literature will 
be given preference. Candidates should have a record of excellent teaching and 
demonstrated ability to do successful research. Teaching load appropriate to a research 
institution; salary competitive. Course assignments range from undergraduate 
writing (which all professorial faculty teach) to graduate seminars. Review 
of applications will begin November 4th. Materials postmarked after 
November 11th will not be considered. Send letter and vita to Dr. Ann E. Wil


ley, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, University of Louisville, 
Louisville, KY 40292. 
The Department of English is committed to building a culturally diverse faculty 


and strongly encourages women, African Americans, and other minorities to 
apply. The University of Louisville is an AA/EO employer. [R] 


U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Assistant Professor, tenure-track, in Rhetoric and Composition 954 

http://www.louisville.edu/a-s/english/ 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track, in Rhetoric and Composition, to begin Fall, 
2006. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition required. We will consider specialists 
in any area of rhetoric and Composition. We seek experienced teachers with the 
ability to do successful research. Teaching load appropriate to a research institution, 
salary competitive. Course assignments range from undergraduate writing 
(which all professoral faculty teach) to seminars in an established, successful doctoral 
program in Rhetoric and Composition. Send letter, vita, and writing sample 
to Professor Bronwyn T. Williams, Chair, Search Committee, Department of 
English, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 40292. Review of applications 

will begin November 4. For further information, please contact Bronwyn T. 
Williams, e-mail: bronwyn.williams@louisville.edu or phone: 502-852-6896. 
The Department of English is committed to building a culturally diverse faculty 

and strongly encourages women, African Americans, and other minorities apply. 
The University of Louisville is an AA/EO employer. [R] 

U of Louisville 

English, S 3rd St Bingham Humanities Bldg Louisville KY 40292 

Endowed Chair in Rhetoric and Composition 326 

http://www.louisville.edu/a-s/english/ 
Endowed Chair in Rhetoric and Composition. Requirements: Ph.D.; publication 
record appropriate to an endowed chair. We seek a nationally distinguished 
teacher and active scholar to contribute to an established, successful doctoral program 
in Rhetoric and Composition. Teaching assignments range from undergraduate 
writing (which all faculty teach) to graduate seminars in Rhetoric and 
Composition. Salary and benefits, including research funding, appropriate to an 
endowed chair. Send letter, vita, and writing sample from current research to 
Carol Mattingly, Chair of Search Committee. Department of English. University 
of Louisville. Louisville, KY 40292. Review of applications will continue until 
position is filled. The University of Louisville is an AA/EO employer. We 
encourage women and minorities to apply. For further information, please 
contact Carol Mattingly at carol.mattingly@louisville.edu or by phone at (502) 
852-2204. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


LOUISIANA 
Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Professor (Assistant, Associate, or Full) of English 470 

http://www.lsu.edu 
(Tenure-track) 
In the third year of an initiative that will eventually add fourteen professorial po


sitions to our faculty, the Department of English at Louisiana State University invites 
applications for a joint appointment between the Department of English 
and the Program in African and African-American Studies. The position is tenure-
track at the rank of Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor, depending on credentials. 


Required Qualifications: Earned Ph.D. in English or related field; evidence of 


innovation and excellence in teaching and research. 
Additional Qualification Desired: expertise in the nineteenth-century and/or interdisciplinary 
approaches to the African Diaspora, especially in the Caribbean. 


Competitive salary. Very attractive teaching load. 
Screening begins October 31, 2005, and will continue until candidates are selected. 
Interviews will be conducted at the Modern Language Association Con


vention in Washington, D.C., December 27–30, 2005. Applications will be 
acknowledged in writing. 
Please send letter of application, vita (including e-mail address), and dossier (or 


three letters of recommendation) to Search Committee, ATTN: Ms. Kieu 
Ngyuen, Department of English, Louisiana State University, Ref Log #0457, 
Baton Rouge, LA 70803-5001. 


LSU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer [R] 


Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Professor (Assistant, Associate, or Full) of English 472 

http://www.lsu.edu 
(Tenure-track) 
In the third year of an initiative that will eventually add fourteen professorial po


sitions to our faculty, the Department of English at Louisiana State University invites 
applications for a position in American studies with primary expertise in 
the nineteenth century. The position is tenure-track at the rank of Assistant, 
Associate, or Full Professor, depending on credentials. 


Required Qualifications: Earned Ph.D. in English or related field; evidence of 
innovation and excellence in teaching and research. 
Additional Qualification Desired: interdisciplinary approaches to literary study. 


Competitive salary. Very attractive teaching load. 
Screening begins October 31, 2005, and will continue until candidates are selected. 
Interviews will be conducted at the Modern Language Association Convention 
in Washington, D.C., December 27–30, 2005. Applications will be 
acknowledged in writing. 


Please send letter of application, vita (including e-mail address), and dossier (or 
three letters of recommendation) to Search Committee, ATTN: Ms. Kieu 
Ngyuen, Department of English, Louisiana State University, Ref Log #0461, 
Baton Rouge, LA 70803-5001. 


LSU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer [R] 


Louisiana SU & A&M C 

English, Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Professor (Assistant, Associate, or Full) of English 473 

http://www.lsu.edu 
(Tenure-track) 
In the third year of an initiative that will eventually add fourteen professorial po


sitions to our faculty, the Department of English at Louisiana State University in


vites applications for a position in American studies with primary expertise in 
the Colonial period. The position is tenure-track at the rank of Assistant, Associate, 
or Full Professor, depending on credentials. 


Required Qualifications: Earned Ph.D. in English or related field; evidence of 
innovation and excellence in teaching and research. 
Additional Qualification Desired: interdisciplinary approaches to literary study. 


Competitive salary. Very attractive teaching load. 
Screening begins October 31, 2005, and will continue until candidates are selected. 
Interviews will be conducted at the Modern Language Association Convention 
in Washington, D.C., December 27–30, 2005. Applications will be 
acknowledged in writing. 


Please send letter of application, vita (including e-mail address), and dossier (or 
three letters of recommendation) to Search Committee, ATTN: Ms. Kieu 
Ngyuen, Department of English, Louisiana State University, Ref Log #0460, 
Baton Rouge, LA 70803-5001. 


LSU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer [R] 


Louisiana SU & A&M C 

For Langs & Lit, 222 Prescott Baton Rouge LA 70803 

Fred C. Frey Professorship in Southern Studies (Endowed Chair) 295 

http://www.lsu.edu 
Departments of English and History 
The College of Arts and Sciences of Louisiana State University invites nomina


tions and applications for the Fred C. Frey Professorship in Southern Studies 
(Endowed Chair). Required Qualifications: Ph.D.; tenure or its equivalent at a 
university or college, book publication, teaching experience, research in Southern 
Studies; demonstrated excellence in teaching. Additional Qualifications Desired: 
national reputation, extensive publications, leadership in scholarly 
organizations, teaching and research in the history and/or literature of the South, 
defined to include the Caribbean. In addition to a competitive salary and a research 
fund, the chairholder will be provided with a research assistant. Dedicated 
to the enhancement of undergraduate education in the humanities, the Frey C. 
Frey Professorship is a tenured position, with appointment at the rank of full 
professor. The deadline for applications is December 1, 2005, or until candidate 
is selected. The appointment begins in August 2006. Please send curriculum 
vitae (including e-mail address), samples of teaching evaluations, and three letters 
of recommendation to: Dean Guillermo Ferreyra, Frey Search Committee, College 
of Arts & Sciences, 132 Hodges Hall, Louisiana State University, Ref: 
#000926, Baton Rouge, LA 70803. 

LSU is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer 

Loyola U New Orleans 

English, 6363 Saint Charles Av, Box 50 New Orleans LA 70118 

Assistant Professor of English 142 

http://cas.loyno.edu/english/ 
Tenure track Assistant Professor to teach British and Continental Romanticism. 
Ph.D. or other terminal degree required. Candidate must have ability to teach 
courses in one other period required for Loyola English majors. Candidate must 
also have ability to teach department service courses. Publication or potential for 
publication required. Send applications dated no later than November 1, 2005 to 
Mary A. McCay, Chair of English department, Box 50, Loyola University New 
Orleans, LA 70115. Application must include resume, transcript of highest degree, 
and three confidential letters of recommendation. Loyola is an equal opportunity 
employer. [R] 

U of Louisiana at Monroe 

English, 700 University Av Monroe LA 71209 

Instructor 375 

http://www.ulm.edu/~english 
The English Department anticipates opening(s) for Instructor of English to teach 
introductory courses in rhetoric and composition, including introductory writ-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


ing and introduction to literature. Appointment(s), beginning August 2006 and 
contingent upon university funding constraints, to teach these introductory writing 
courses. The appointments carry a 4/4 or 5/5 load, depending upon possession 
of Ph.D. A renewable, non-tenure track appointment. 

Excellence in and enthusiasm for teaching are integral. The English Department 
is very active, and accordingly, seeks faculty who place strong emphasis on service 
and teaching. 

Qualified applicants should send curriculum vitae, a cover letter responding to 
the above criteria and specifying qualifications, a teaching philosophy, and at least 
three current references to Dr. Jeffery Galle, Head, Department of English, University 
of Louisiana at Monroe, Monroe, LA 71209. EOE/AA [R] 

MAINE 
Bowdoin C 

English, 8300 College Stn Brunswick ME 04011 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 340 

http://www.bowdoin.edu 
Position at the rank of Associate or Assistant professor (Ph.D. preferred prior to 
appointment), beginning Fall 2006, in literatures and cultures of the African Diaspora, 
which may include African-American, African-British, or Caribbean literatures. 
We will also consider candidates with expertise in postcolonial African 
literatures. Relevant disciplines may include English Literature, Comparative Literature, 
Cultural Studies, Gender/Queer Studies, or Performance Studies. There 
will be an opportunity to teach courses cross-listed with Africana Studies and 

with other interdisciplinary programs. Two courses per semester, 4th year sabbatical 
leave policy, competitive salary, and support for research. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, dossier, and writing sample of no 

more than twenty-five pages to Ann Louise Kibbie, Chair, Department of English, 
Bowdoin College, 8300 College Station, Brunswick, ME 04011-8483. We 
will begin reviewing applications on November 7, 2005. 

Bowdoin is a highly selective, coeducational undergraduate liberal arts college 
located 2.5 hours north of Boston on the Maine coast. Further information 
about Bowdoin and the Department is available at http://academic.bowdoin 
.edu/english/Bowdoin College is committed to equality through affirmative action 
and is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage inquiries from candidates 
who will enrich and contribute to the cultural and ethnic diversity of our 
college. Bowdoin College does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, creed, 
color, religion, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, national 
origin, or disability status in employment, or in our education programs. [R] 

Colby C 

English, Waterville ME 04901 

Faculty Fellow in Rhetoric and Composition 571 

http://www.colby.edu 
Colby College announces a one-year replacement Faculty Fellow position in 
Rhetoric and Composition for a specialist with an advanced degree, A.B.D. acceptable. 
Position begins September 1, 2006. Responsibilities include teaching 
introductory and advanced composition courses, directing our Writers' Center, 
and taking a leadership role in Writing Across the Curriculum. Experience in 
composition for international students is necessary. To apply please send a cover 
letter that includes a brief teaching statement, descriptions of possible advanced 
writing courses, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to Professor 
Tracy Hamler Carrick; Chair of the Rhetoric and Composition Search; 
Colby College; 5260 Mayflower Hill; Waterville, ME 04902. Review of Applications 
will begin on November 20, 2005 and continue until the position is 
filled. Interviews will take place at MLA in December. Colby is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action Employer, committed to excellence through diversity, 
and strongly encourages applications and nominations of persons of color, 
women, and members of other under-represented groups. For more information 
about the college, please visit the Colby Web Site: www.colby.edu 

MARYLAND 
Frostburg SU 

English, 101 Braddock Rd Frostburg MD 21532 

Instructor/Assistant Professor of English 373 

http://www.frostburg.edu 
Frostburg State University seeks applications for a full-time, tenure-track Instructor/
Assistant Professor of English, available Fall 2006. Frostburg, a town of 8,000, 
is approximately a two-hour drive from Baltimore, Washington, and Pittsburgh. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach four classes per semester, including typically three 
classes in professional writing (business writing, technical writing, and online 
variants of these). Service to the department and the university is expected in addition 
to active research. QUALIFICATIONS: ABD in English required, Ph.D. 
preferred, experience teaching composition at the University level required. 
Preference will be given to candidates who can also demonstrate qualification in 
at least one of the following: Composition Theory, Developmental Composition, 
and Journalistic Writing. To apply, send a letter of interest, curriculum vita, 

transcripts, and three letters of recommendation by October 20, 2005, to: Frost-
burg State University, Office of 
Human Resources, ATTN: Assistant Professor of English (Position 

#06–010016), Frostburg, MD 21532 or email humanresources@frostburg.edu. 
Direct inquiries to Keith Schlegel (301) 687-4227 or email kschlegel@frostburg 
.edu. 

FSU Is An AA/EOE. Appropriate Auxiliary Aids & Services For Qualified Individuals 
with Disability Provided Upon Request. Please Notify in Advance. www 
.frostburg.edu. [R] 

McDaniel C 

English & Comp Lit, 2 College Hill Westminster MD 21157 

Assistant Professor of English 738 

http://www.mcdaniel.edu 
Assistant Professor in English, tenure-track, starting fall 2006. Specialist in African 
American and African Diasporic literatures, skilled and experienced in 
teaching English composition. Willingness to develop courses to fulfill multicultural, 
global, and textural analysis requirements in the newly approved general 
education curriculum. All members of the English Department contribute to the 
college's first-year curriculum and teach three courses per semester. Ph.D. or advanced 
ABD required. Send letter of application, c.v., and three letters of reference 
to Kathy Mangan, Chair, Department of English, McDaniel College, 2 
College Hill, Westminster, MD 21157. Review of applications will begin November 
4, 2005. One of forty colleges and universities nationwide known for its 
success at changing the lives of its students, McDaniel College is a selective liberal 
arts college located in central Maryland, an hour's drive from Baltimore and 
Washington, D.C. Its primary commitment is to outstanding teaching and to fostering 
critical and creative thinking and humane and responsible action. Mc-
Daniel College, an AA/EEO and award-winning ADA employer, welcomes 
applications from women and men of diverse racial/ethnic backgrounds. [R] 

Mt St Mary's U 

English, 16300 Old Emmitsburg Road Emmitsburg MD 21727 

Assistant Professor of British Renaissance Literature 464 

http://www.msmary.edu 
The English Department at Mount St. Mary's University will hire a tenure-track 
assistant professor of British Renaissance literature to begin in 2006–07. The successful 
candidate will offer upper-level courses in the Renaissance (including 
Shakespeare) and also general education courses in our interdisciplinary Western 
Civilization and Freshman Seminar programs. Please identify additional areas of 
expertise. Strong teaching skills, scholarly promise, a willingness to serve the 
campus community, and a Ph.D. by 8/06 are required. The course load is 3/4. 
Applications acknowledged by e-mail, and interviews conducted at the MLA 
Convention. Please send vita, cover letter, three letters of recommendation, and 
e-mail address by October 21 to Robert Ducharme, Search Chair, English De-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


partment, 16300 Old Emmitsburg Road, Emmitsburg, MD 21727-7799. Mount 
Saint Mary's is the nation's oldest independent Catholic university, and it hires 
faculty who are willing to support its Catholic, liberal-arts mission. Women and 
minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English 341 

http://www.salisbury.edu 
Salisbury University's Department of English seeks to fill an Assistant Professor, 
tenure-track position to begin August 16, 2006. Area of specialization: African 
American literature. Supplementary areas of expertise are welcome. Four-course 
teaching load each semester (routinely three preparations, including freshman 
composition, general education offerings and upper-division literature courses). 
Doctorate required plus evidence of successful teaching skills and promise as a 
scholar. To be considered an applicant you must submit all of the following: a 
letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation and evidence of teaching 
effectiveness to Dr. John Kalb, Department of English, Salisbury University, 1101 
Camden Avenue, Salisbury, MD 21801. Review of applicants will begin November 
1, 2005 and continue until position is filled. Salary Competitive. MLA 
interviews. Appointment will be contingent upon verification of eligibility to 
work in the United States. Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment 
to diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, 
providing equal employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, 
without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, 
disability, or sexual orientation. [R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English 344 

http://www.salisbury.edu 
Salisbury University's Department of English invites applications for an Assistant 
Professor who will serve as Director of the University Writing Center. The Director 
will oversee all aspects of the Center as well as develop and manage the activities 
that support students in all disciplines in their writing needs. The Director 
will train, hire and manage a tutorial staff and will determine the support activities 
which fulfill and enhance the mission of the Center. Teaching duties which 
support the Center are involved. This is a faculty appointment with benefits and 
the possibility of additional summer contractual work. Requirements: Doctorate 
required. Managerial skills and knowledge of tutoring and tutoring centers preferred. 
To be considered an applicant you must submit all of the following: a letter 
of interest, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference and sample of scholarly 

writing to Dr. Tom Moriarty Chair, Director of University Writing Center 
Search 
Committee, English Department, Salisbury University, Salisbury, MD 21801. 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. MLA interviews. Appointment will be contingent upon verification 
of eligibility to work in the United States. Salisbury University has a strong 
institutional commitment to diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative 
Action employer, providing equal employment and educational opportunities to 
all those qualified, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, 
age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation. [R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English 342 

http://www.salisbury.edu 
Salisbury University's Department of English seeks to fill an Assistant Professor, 
tenure-track position to begin August 16, 2006. Area of specialization: Restoration 
and 18th Century Literature. Supplementary areas of expertise are welcome. 
Four-course teaching load each semester (routinely 3 preparations, including 
freshman composition, general education offerings—notably British literature 

surveys—and upper-division literature courses). Doctorate required plus evidence 
of successful teaching skills and promise as a scholar. To be considered an 
applicant you must submit all of the following: a letter of interest, vita, three letters 
of recommendation, and evidence of teaching effectiveness to Dr. John 
Wenke, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, Salisbury University, 
1101 Camden Avenue, Salisbury, MD 21801. Review of applicants will begin 
November 1, 2005 and continue until position is filled. Salary competitive. MLA 
interviews. Appointment will be contingent upon verification of eligibility to 
work in the United States. Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment 
to diversity and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, 
providing equal employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, 
without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, 
disability, or sexual orientation. [R] 

Salisbury U 

English, 1101 Camden Av Salisbury MD 21801 

Assistant Professor of English 343 

http://www.salisbury.edu 
Salisbury University's Department of English seeks to fill an Assistant Professor, 
tenure-track position to begin August 16, 2006. Areas of specialization: British 
Commonwealth and Postcolonial literatures. The department is looking for a 
candidate who can diversify literature course offerings as well as teach our current 
British literature courses. Four-course teaching load each semester (routinely 
3 preparations, including freshman composition, general education 
offerings). Doctorate required plus evidence of successful teaching skills and 
promise as a scholar. To be considered an applicant you must submit all of the 
following: a letter of interest, vita, three letters of recommendation, and evidence 
of teaching effectiveness to Dr. Tony Whall, Chair, Search Committee, Department 
of English, Salisbury University, 1101 Camden Avenue, Salisbury, MD 

21801. Review of applicants will begin November 1, 2005 and continue until 
position is filled. MLA interviews. 
Appointment will be contingent upon verification of eligibility to work in the 

United States. Salisbury University has a strong institutional commitment to diversity 
and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, providing 
equal employment and educational opportunities to all those qualified, without 
regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, 
or sexual orientation [R] 

Towson U 

English, 8000 York Rd Baltimore MD 21252 

Assistant Professor of English 288 

http://www.towson.edu 
Tenure-track appointment starting Fall 2006. Primary specialization in Shakespeare. 
Possible secondary interest in bibliography and research methods or modern 
drama. Three-course load each semester for initial three-year appointment; 
load afterwards dependent upon scholarly productivity. Ph.D. must be conferred 
by time of appointment. Send letter and curriculum vitae to Professor Edwin 
Duncan, Chair, English Department, Towson University, 8000 York Rd., Tow-
son, MD 21252-0001. Deadline 11 November 2005. Towson University is an 
equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and has a strong institutional 
commitment to diversity. Women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and veterans 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor, 17th-century British literature 513 

http://www.english.umd.edu 
Tenure track Assistant Professor. 17th-century British literature, emphasis on 
global and/or comparative contexts preferred. For best consideration apply by 
November 10, 2005 to Gary Hamilton, Acting Chair, Department of English, 
3101 Susquehanna Hall, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742. 
UMD is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Maryland 

English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall College Park MD 20742 

Assistant Professor, 20th-century U.S. literary and cultural studies 517 

http://www.english.umd.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor, 20th-century U.S. literary and cultural studies, 
with an emphasis in Latino/a and/or Chicano/a studies. For best consideration 
apply by November 10, 2005 to Gary Hamilton, Acting Chair, Department of 
English, 3101 Susquehanna Hall, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 
20742. UMD is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

U of Maryland Baltimore County 

English, 1000 Hilltop Cir Baltimore MD 21250 

Assistant Professor of English 681 

http://umbc.edu/english 
Assistant Professor (tenure tracK) to teach in our Communication and Technology 
track, to begin Fall 2006. Desirable research areas include electronic literacies 
and new media, social literacies, multicultural rhetorics, and writing in the disciplines. 
Teaching assignment is 2/3 with possibility of teaching in a variety of interdisciplinary 
programs at both undergraduate and graduate levels. The 
successful candidate should have a promising publishing agenda, demonstrated 
excellence in the classroom, and Ph.D. in hand by August 2006. UMBC is a dynamic 
public research university located in the Baltimore-Washington corridor; 
the English Department, home of the Shakespeare Association of America, offers 
two Major tracks, one in Literature and one in Communication and Technology. 
Please send letter and vita to, Professor Lucille McCarthy, English Department, 
by November 1, 2005. UMBC is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity 
Employer and encourages applications from women, minorities, and individuals 
with disabilities. 

MASSACHUSETTS 
Amherst C 

English/Creative Writing, PO Box 5000, 212 Webster Amherst MA 01002 

Visiting Writer 18 

http://www.amherst.edu/~cwc/ 
The Amherst College Creative Writing Program invites applications from fiction 
writers for the position of Visiting Writer, to begin July 2006. This position entails 
a three-quarters load (two writing courses of one's own design and one literature 
course of one's own design). Two years' initial appointment, with 
possibility of renewal for an additional year. The Visiting Writer will participate 
in a small but active creative writing program, teaching writing courses through 
the English department, with a possible joint appointment in a literature department 
other than English if he or she works in a language other than English. 
Candidates must have published at least one book. Previous experience teaching 
creative writing desirable. Review of applications will begin November 15, 
2005, and will continue until the position is filled. Submit a letter describing 
work and qualifications together with CV, three letters of reference, and a writing 
sample of no more than ten pages, to Visiting Writer Search Committee, 

Creative Writing Program, Campus Box 2235, Amherst College, P.O. Box 
5000, Amherst, MA 01002-5000. 
Amherst is a private undergraduate liberal arts college for men and women, with 

1,600 students and 190 faculty members. Located in the Connecticut River Valley 
of western Massachusetts, Amherst participates with Hampshire, Mount 
Holyoke, and Smith Colleges and the University of Massachusetts in the Five-
College Consortium. 

Amherst College is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer and encourages 
women, persons of color, and persons with disabilities to apply. The administration, 
faculty, and student body are committed to attracting qualified 
candidates from groups presently underrepresented on our campus. [R] 

Boston U 

English, 236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor or Associate Professor of English and Women's Studies 905 

http://www.bu.edu/English 
The Department of English and the Program in Women's Studies are seeking to 
fill a position starting in September, 2006 in modern British literature, pending 
approval, at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor. We shall be especially interested 
in candidates with knowledge of women writers of the period and with 
a transatlantic perspective. Normal teaching assignment will be three courses in 
English and one in Women's Studies. Send letter, vita, and 2-page description of 
dissertation or major publications by 1 November to Professor Lee Monk, 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 236 Bay State Rd., Boston, 
MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

Boston U 

English, 236 Bay State Rd Boston MA 02215 

Assistant Professor of English 908 

http://www.bu.edu/English 
The Department is seeking to fill a position starting in September, 2006 in Early 
American literature, pending approval, at the rank of Assistant Professor. We shall 
be especially interested in candidates with a transatlantic perspective, and candidates 
who can also teach broad surveys of American literature. Send letter, vita, 
and 2-page description of dissertation by 1 November to Professor Susan 
Mizruchi, Search Committee Chair, Department of English, 236 Bay State Rd., 
Boston, MA 02215. Boston University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

Brandeis U 

American Studies Department, Mailstop 005 415 South Street Waltham 
MA 02454 

Assistant Professor of American Studies 294 

http://www.brandeis.edu/americanstudies 
The American Studies Department at Brandeis University invites applications for 
a tenure-track Assistant Professor to direct its interdepartmental Journalism Program 
and to teach courses in Journalism and American Studies beginning in Fall 
2006. A Ph.D. in American Studies or a related discipline, such as Communications, 
English, Journalism, or American History, is required and some professional 
experience in journalism is desired. Please send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a brief writing sample to: 
Thomas Doherty, Search Committee Chair, American Studies Department, 
MS005, Brandeis University, Waltham, MA. 02454-9110. Applications must arrive 
by mail by October 15, 2005. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at 
the American Studies Association meeting in Washington, D.C., November 3–6, 
2005. Brandeis University is an equal opportunity employer committed to building 
a culturally diverse intellectual community and strongly encourages applications 
from women and minorities. 

Brandeis U 

English & Amer Lit, PO Box 549110, 415 South St Waltham MA 02454 

Assistant Professor of African-American/Black Atlantic Literature 261 

http://www.brandeis.edu/departments/english 
The Department of English at Brandeis University seeks to appoint a tenure-
track Assistant Professor specializing in African-American/Black Atlantic literature, 
beginning Fall 2006. The successful candidate will have received the PhD 
by September 2006 and will demonstrate excellence as both a scholar and a 
teacher. We plan to interview at the MLA Convention in December. Please send 
cover letter, c.v., and three letters of recommendation to Prof. Faith Smith, 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English, MS 023 Brandeis University, 
Waltham, MA 02454-9110. First consideration will be given to applications re-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


ceived by November 4, 2005. Brandeis University is an equal opportunity 
employer, committed to building a culturally diverse intellectual community, and 
strongly encourages applications from women and minorities. [R] 

Bridgewater SC 

English, 131 Summer St Bridgewater MA 02325 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition (2 positions) 36 

http://jobs.bridgew.edu or www.bridgew.edu 
Teach freshman composition, advanced composition and rhetoric, and courses of 
special interest; contribute to the development of advanced writing courses and 
the writing concentration in the English major in collaboration with the Writing 
Program Administrator, the Director of the Writing Studio, and the Writing 

Committee; advise undergraduate and graduate students; participate in departmental 
and college decision-making processes and activities. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English with a specialization in Rhetoric and Composi


tion. Secondary areas of specialization might include linguistics, professional 
writing, electronic text production, ESL, creative writing, and/or basic writing. 
College teaching experience required. 

Applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, 
and to working in a multicultural environment that fosters diversity. They should 
also have an ability to use technology effectively in teaching and learning, the 
ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment 
to public higher education. 

Bridgewater SC 

English, 131 Summer St Bridgewater MA 02325 

Writing Across the Curriculum Program Coordinator 37 

http://jobs.bridgew.edu or www.bridgew.edu 
This is a full-time, tenure-track faculty position starting in Fall 2006. 
Assume responsibilities involved in working with faculty from across campus in 

the development and support of writing intensive courses as part of a new 
funded general education initiative that enjoys substantial administrative backing; 
teach two courses per semester, one in freshman composition and one in advanced 
composition, and courses of special interest; contribute to the development 
of advanced writing courses and the writing concentration in the English 
major in collaboration with the department's writing faculty; advise undergraduate 
and graduate students; participate in departmental and college decision-making 
processes and activities. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in English with a specialization in Composition and Rhetoric 
with knowledge of Writing Across the Curriculum theory and experience 
in the administration of a WAC Program. Secondary interests may include linguistics, 
advanced composition, or professional writing. College teaching experience 
required. 

Applicants should be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and advising, 
and to working in a multicultural environment that fosters diversity. They should 
also have an ability to use technology effectively in teaching and learning, the 
ability to work collaboratively, evidence of scholarly activity, and a commitment 
to public higher education. 

C of the Holy Cross 

English, 1 College St Worcester MA 01610 

Assistant Professor in Victorian Literature 684 

http://www.holycross.edu/ 
The Department of English seeks a dedicated teacher and scholar for a tenure-
track assistant professorship, to begin in fall 2006, in Victorian literature. Primary 
concentration in the novel preferred; command of poetry also desirable. Competence 
in a secondary area such as anglophone literature, post-colonial studies, or 
non-fictional prose would be a plus. Strong commitment to excellence in teaching 
within the setting of a liberal arts college and an ongoing scholarly program 
are required. 3–2 teaching load includes writing-intensive first-year literature 
courses, 19th century British literature surveys, and upper-level elective courses. 

Guaranteed semester research leave with full salary for junior faculty; generous 
sabbatical and fellowship programs for senior faculty. Salary and fringe benefits 
are very competitive. Holy Cross is a highly selective Jesuit and Catholic liberal 
arts college located near excellent research libraries. The College is an Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employer and complies with all Federal and Massachusetts 
laws concerning Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action in the 
workplace. Send letter and vita to James M. Kee, Chair, Department of English, 
College of the Holy Cross, 1 College Street, Worcester, MA 01610, postmarked 
by November 15, 2005. [R] 

Framingham SC 

English, PO Box 9101, 100 State St Framingham MA 01701 

Assistant Professor of English 805 

http://www.framingham.edu 
Framingham State College English Department seeks applicants for a tenure-
track Assistant Professor position beginning September 2006 to teach first-year 
composition courses and upper-level writing courses. A Ph.D. is required, with 
demonstrated expertise in the teaching and scholarship of Composition, with 
additional specialization in other fields of writing instruction and research, such 
as Professional and Technical Writing. The semester teaching load will generally 
be two computer-assisted first-year writing courses and one upper-level writing 
course. The successful candidate will contribute to the development of our first-
year writing program and assist in establishing and supervising internships for 


upper-level students. Framingham State College is a laptop, networked 
environment. 
Qualified candidates should send a letter of application and CV to Elaine Beilin, 


Chair, English Department, Framingham State College, P.O. Box 9101, Framingham, 
MA 01701. Applications must be postmarked by November 4, 2005. 
Semi-finalists will be asked to submit a half-hour video of one of their classes; finalists 
will be invited to campus. 


Framingham State College is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer. [R] 


Harvard U 

Women's Studies in Religion Program, 45 Francis Avenue Cambridge 
MA 02138 

Research Associate and Visiting Faculty 127 

http://www.hds.harvard.edu/wsrp 
Harvard Divinity School announces several full-time positions as Research Associate 
and Visiting Faculty in Women's Studies in Religion for 2006–2007. Full-
time residence during the '06-'07 academic year while conducting individual 
research projects and teaching a related one-semester course in the appropriate 
Divinity School department: Hebrew Bible, New Testament, History of Christianity, 
History of Religion, Theology, Ethics, or Religion and Society. Open to 
candidates with doctorates in religion, to those with primary competence in 
other fields of the humanities and the social sciences who have serious interest in 
religion, and to leading religion professionals with equivalent achievements. 
Salary: $40,000 plus benefits. Completed applications must be received by October 
17, 2005. Information and applications may be accessed at www.hds.harvard 
.edu/wsrp. 

Massachusetts Inst of Tech 

Literature, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Bldg 14N, Rm 407 Cambridge MA 02139 

Assistant Professor of Literature 741 

http://web.mit.edu/lit/www 
The Literature Faculty at MIT is seeking a tenure-track assistant professor specializing 
in non-US Anglophone prose and/or drama since 1945. Additional expertise 
in film desirable. Ph.D. and evidence of the likelihood of a distinguished 
teaching and research career required. All members of the faculty teach in a 
wide-ranging undergraduate curriculum. Please send cover letter, C.V., and 
dossier by November 1 to James Buzard, Head, Literature Faculty, MIT, 14N


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


409, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139-4307. MIT is an affirmative 
action/equal opportunity employer. 

Northeastern U 

English, 360 Huntington Av, 406 Holmes Boston MA 02115 

Assistant/Associate Professor of African American Literature 428 

http://www.casdn.neu.edu/~english/ 
The English department of Northeastern University invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in African American literature at the rank of assistant or 
early associate professor. PhD in English, African American Studies, or related 
field required for appointment at the rank of assistant; candidates at the associate 
rank must have a record of scholarship and teaching appropriate for tenure. Applications 
will be considered in all areas of specialization, but we would particularly 
welcome candidates with research and teaching interests in pre-1900 prose. 
Additional interests in Afro-Caribbean literature or transatlantic literary and cultural 
studies highly desirable. Teaching responsibilities include undergraduate survey 
and specialized courses as well as graduate seminars. Normal teaching load 
for research-active faculty in the English department is 2/2, with releases for assistant 
professors in their initial years of appointment. Please send a c.v. and a letter 
of application to Mary Loeffelholz, Chair, Department of English. No email 
applications, please; please do not send materials beyond those requested. For 
fullest consideration, applications must be received by November 15, 2005. 
Dossiers and writing samples will be requested of selected candidates. Interviews 
are planned for MLA 2005 in Washington, D.C. Position contingent upon available 
funding. Northeastern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Educational Institution and Employer, Title IX University. [R] 

Northeastern U 

English, 360 Huntington Av, 406 Holmes Boston MA 02115 

Davis Distinguished Professor of American Literature 429 

http://www.casdn.neu.edu/~english/ 
The English Department of Northeastern University invites applications and 
nominations for the Davis Distinguished Professorship in American Literature. 
Requirements: Ph.D. in English, American Studies, or related field and credentials 
appropriate to appointment at the rank of full professor. The successful candidate 
will be a senior scholar with outstanding accomplishments in research and 
teaching in any field of American literature. We are especially interested in candidates 
who will bring breadth to the position and who will take an active collegial 
role in a small and intellectually diverse department. The position comes 
with a preferential teaching load and an annual research fund; salary is competitive 
and commensurate with qualifications. Please send application letter, curriculum 
vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references to: 
Mary Loeffelholz, Chair, Department of English, 406 Holmes Hall, Northeastern 
University 02115. No email applications, please. To insure fullest consideration, 
applications should be received by November 15, 2005; however, all 
applications will be considered until the position is filled. Position contingent 
upon available funding. Northeastern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative 
Action Educational Institution and Employer, Title IX University. [R] 

Smith C 

English, Seelye Hall Northampton MA 01063 

Mellon Post-Doctoral Fellow in English 188 

http://www.smith.edu 
The Department of English at Smith College seeks an Andrew W. Mellon postdoctoral 
fellow in literatures of the African Diaspora for a two-year, non-tenuretrack 
position beginning September 1, 2006. Candidates should work in at least 
two of the following fields: Anglophone African, Black British, Anglophone 
Caribbean, and African-American literatures, and we will give some preference 
to those able to work across historical periods. Applicants must have filed their 
Ph.D. between 7/1/2002 and 7/1/2006 and may not hold any other appointment 
during the period of their fellowship. The successful candidate will teach 
one course per semester and will be invited to participate in the life of the department. 
The position carries a salary of $48,000, benefits at a full-time rate, 

funds to support research, and a moving allowance. Applicants should send a 
cover letter, CV, and transcript to: Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Smith College, Northampton, MA 01063. 

The committee will begin reading applications on November 1, 2005. Smith 
College is an equal opportunity employer encouraging excellence through diversity. 
[R] 

Stonehill C 

English, 320 Washington St Easton MA 02357 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance Literature and Culture 944 

http://www.stonehill.edu/english 
The English Department at Stonehill College seeks candidates for a tenure track 

position, with specialization in the early modern period. Secondary expertise in 
gender studies, critical theory or drama desirable. 
Candidates must have completed the Ph.D. by the time of appointment, must 

demonstrate a commitment to undergraduate teaching, and must have clear evidence 
of scholarly potential. All candidates should be qualified to teach an historically 
based first-year core literature course in Stonehill's General Education 
Program. The normal teaching load is three courses per semester. Depending on 
budget approval, the department will consider applications from qualified candidates 
already holding the ranks of associate or full professor. 

Please send letter of application, vita, a short writing sample, and dossier to 
Daniel Itzkovitz, Search Chair, English Department, Stonehill College, Easton, 
MA 02357 by November 1. All applications will be acknowledged. Interviews of 
selected candidates will be held at MLA. Stonehill College is an equal opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Suffolk U 

English, 41 Temple Street, Beacon Hill Boston MA 02114 

Assistant Professor of English 376 

http://www.cas.suffolk.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor: Ph.D. in rhetoric/composition. Writing specialist, 
preferably one with a subspecialty in creative writing (non-fiction prose or 
fiction) starting Fall, 2006. Must be committed to undergraduate teaching at all 
levels. Faculty teaching assignment (currently 3/3, likely reduced to 3/2 beginning 
in 2006–2007) includes first-year composition, sophomore surveys, and 

courses for majors. Requirements: Ph.D. in hand at time of application, record of 
professional research/publication, and successful teaching experience. 
Please send only CV and a cover letter outlining teaching philosophy and re-

search/publication interests to Prof. Quentin Miller, Search Committee, Dept. 
of English, Suffolk U., 41 Temple St., Boston, MA 02114-4280. Suffolk's College 
of Arts and Sciences is a dynamic liberal arts college located on Boston's historic 
Beacon Hill. 

No dossiers, recommendations, writing samples, student evaluations, or other 
supporting material at present time. Priority deadline: postmarked by Nov. 4. 
Applications will be acknowledged by post card. [R] 

Suffolk U 

English, 41 Temple Street, Beacon Hill Boston MA 02114 

Assistant Professor of English 379 

http://cas.suffolk.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor: Ph.D. in eighteenth-century British literature, 
starting Fall, 2006. Must be committed to undergraduate teaching at all levels. 
Faculty teaching assignment (currently 3/3, likely reduced to 3/2 beginning in 
2006–2007) includes first-year composition, sophomore surveys, and courses for 


majors. Requirements: Ph.D. in hand at time of application, record of professional 
research/publication, and successful teaching experience. 
Please send only CV and a cover letter outlining teaching philosophy and re-


search/publication interests to Prof. Quentin Miller, Search Committee, Dept. 
of English, Suffolk U., 41 Temple St., Boston, MA 02114-4280. Suffolk's Col-


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


lege of Arts and Sciences is a dynamic liberal arts college located on Boston's his


toric Beacon Hill. 
No dossiers, recommendations, writing samples, student evaluations, or other 
supporting material at present time. Priority deadline: postmarked by Nov. 4. 
Applications will be acknowledged by post card. [R] 


Suffolk U 

English, 41 Temple Street, Beacon Hill Boston MA 02114 

Assistant Professor of English 380 

http://www.cas.suffolk.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor: Ph.D. in nineteenth-century American literature 
(American Renaissance preferred) starting Fall, 2006. Must be committed to 
undergraduate teaching at all levels. Faculty teaching assignment (currently 3/3, 
likely reduced to 3/2 beginning in 2006–2007) includes first-year composition, 
sophomore surveys, and courses for majors. Requirements: Ph.D. in hand at time 


of application, record of professional research/publication, and successful teaching 
experience. 
Please send only CV and a cover letter outlining teaching philosophy and re-


search/publication interests to Prof. Quentin Miller, Search Committee, Dept. 
of English, Suffolk U., 41 Temple St., Boston, MA 02114-4280. Suffolk's College 
of Arts and Sciences is a dynamic liberal arts college located on Boston's historic 
Beacon Hill. 


No dossiers, recommendations, writing samples, student evaluations, or other 
supporting material at present time. Priority deadline: postmarked by Nov. 4. 
Applications will be acknowledged by post card. [R] 


Tufts U 

English, Medford MA 02155 

Nineteenth-Century American Literature, Assistant or Associate Professor Tenure-
Track 497 

http://ase.tufts.edu/english/ 
Nineteenth-Century American Literature, Assistant or Associate Professor Tenure-
track. PhD must be awarded by August 2006. Expertise in major early and 
midcentury American authors and the capacity to teach introductory, advanced, 
and graduate level courses in literature from the beginning of the century 
through the decades after the Civil War required. Preference will be given to 
those with secondary strength in earlier American literatures, trans-Atlantic relations, 
or theoretical approaches to the study of 19th-century American literature. 
Candidates must demonstrate significant research potential; strong teaching 
record preferred. Review of applications begins November 1st 2005 and continues 
until position is filled. Preliminary interviews will take place at the MLA 
convention in Washington. Send letter, CV, letters of recommendation and writing 
sample to Lee Edelman, Chair, Department of English, Tufts University, 
Medford, MA 02155. Tufts University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. We are committed to increasing the diversity of our faculty. 
Members of under represented groups are strongly encouraged to apply. 

U of Massachusetts Boston 

English, 100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Assistant Professor of English 182 

http://www.umb.edu 
Medieval literature. Tenure-track appointment beginning September 2006, 
teaching BA and MA courses at diverse urban campus, c. 450 English majors, 
120 MA students. Research specialty in any aspect of British literature from beginnings 
through fifteenth century; secondary interest in an area such as 
Arthurian tradition, modern medievalism, or gay/lesbian literature would be valued. 
Ph.D. in hand required by August 2006. Ordinary 3/3 teaching load includes 
advanced and graduate courses in Medieval Period and Chaucer, 
introductory major courses, some general education teaching; teaching reductions 
for research are possible. Application reviews begin immediately; preference 
to complete applications received by November 10. Invitations to preliminary 
interviews at MLA or on campus issued in early December; finalists interviewed 

on campus in late January-early February. Send cover letter, CV, writing sample 
(either a published article or chapter or a self-contained section of dissertation no 
longer than 20 pages), and dossier with three letters of recommendation to: Professor 
Judith Goleman, Chair, Recruiting Committee [Search #450C], English 
Department, University of Massachusetts Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, 
MA 02125. UMass Boston is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title 
IX employer. [R] 

U of Massachusetts Boston 

English, 100 Morrissey Blvd Boston MA 02125 

Assistant Professor of English 183 

http://www.umb.edu 
American Literature before 1860. Tenure-track appointment beginning September 
2006, teaching BA and MA courses at diverse urban campus, c. 450 English 
majors, 120 MA students. Research specialty in any aspect of early American 
Literature; interest in transatlantic perspectives is valued. Ph.D. in hand required 
by August 2006. Ordinary 3/3 teaching load includes advanced and graduate 
courses in Colonial Period and American Romanticism, introductory major 
courses, some general education teaching; teaching reductions for research are 
possible. Application reviews begin immediately; preference to complete applications 
received by November 10. Invitations to preliminary interviews at MLA or 
on campus issued in early December; finalists interviewed on campus in late January-
early February. Send cover letter, CV, writing sample (either a published article 
or chapter or a self-contained section of dissertation no longer than 20 
pages), and a dossier with three letters of recommendation to: Professor Judith 
Goleman, Chair, Recruiting Committee [Search # 455C], English Department, 
University of Massachusetts Boston, 100 Morrissey Blvd., Boston, MA 02125. 
UMass Boston is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity, Title IX 
employer. [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of English 799 

http://www.umass.edu/english 
Creative Writing: Fiction. 
Tenure track, to begin Fall 2006. To offer instruction in M.F.A. Fiction Work


shops and in modern and contemporary fiction on the graduate and undergraduate 
level and serve on M.F.A. thesis committees. Our MFA in Creative Writing 
is one of the oldest and most distinguished graduate writing programs in the 
country. Active participation in the Department is expected as well as a willingness 
to participate in the administration of the MFA program. Qualifications: 
The successful applicant will have already published at least two books and demonstrate 
a strong ongoing record of publication. Evidence of outstanding college-
level teaching is required. Salary commensurate with qualifications. Priority 
deadline is November 18, 2005. Send applications (three letters of recommendation, 
vita, sample of written work) to Chair, Fiction Search Committee, c/o 
Meg Caulmare, Department of English, Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University 
of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 01003-9269. The English Department is committed 
to active recruitment of a diverse faculty. UMass Amherst is a member of 
the Five College consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and 
Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also a member of the Academic Career Network, 
a resource for dual career couples. The University of Massachusetts is also 
an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Women and members of 
minority groups are encouraged to apply. www.umass.edu/english [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of English 803 

http://www.umass/edu 
Composition and Rhetoric. 
Tenure track, to begin Fall 2006. To participate in an active graduate concentra


tion in Composition and Rhetoric and an undergraduate writing program with 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


first-year composition courses (including networked computer classrooms) and a 
writing-across-the-curriculum program. Research area open, but might include 
computers and composition, connections between rhetorical and cultural theory, 
multi-ethnic rhetorics, writing as social action, and feminist rhetorics. Willingness 
to take a turn as Director of the Undergraduate Writing Program. Qualifications: 
Ph.D., a successful research and teaching record, and commitment to 
participation in an active and energetic Department. Salary commensurate with 
qualifications. Priority deadline is November 10, 2005. Send applications (three 
letters of recommendation, vita, sample of written work) to Chair, Composition 
and Rhetoric Search Committee, c/o Meg Caulmare, Department of English, 
Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 010039269. 
The English Department is committed to active recruitment of a diverse 
faculty. UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College consortium along with 
Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also a member 
of the Academic Career Network, a resource for dual career couples. The 
University of Massachusetts is also an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. 
www.umass.edu/english [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 801 

http://www.umass.edu/english 
Post-Colonial Literature 
Tenure track, to begin Fall 2006. Well-versed in theory and one or more geo


graphic regions (with some comparative perspective). Among areas of interest to 
the Department are gender studies, questions of Empire and its aftermath, the 
national and transnational, cultural studies, histories and theories of race, ethnicity, 
and diaspora. Qualifications: Ph.D., a successful research record, demonstrated 
potential for excellence in teaching, and commitment to participation in 
an active and energetic Department. Salary commensurate with qualifications. 
Priority deadline is November 18, 2005. Send applications (three letters of recommendation, 
vita, sample of written work) to Chair, Post-Colonial Literature 
Search, c/o Meg Caulmare, Department of English, Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks 
Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 01003-9269. The English Department 
is committed to active recruitment of a diverse faculty. UMass Amherst 
is a member of the Five College consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, 
and Mount Holyoke Colleges, and is also a member of the Academic Career 
Network, a resource for dual career couples. The University of 
Massachusetts is also an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. www.umass 
.edu/english [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Assistant Professor of English 817 

http://www.umass.edu/english 
Dramatic literature 
Tenure track, to begin Fall 2006. Qualified candidates may specialize in any pe


riod (after 1660), but would teach British and American dramatic literature survey 
courses in addition to more specialized courses in areas of their choosing. 
Preference given to specialties in African American, Afro-Caribbean, or diasporic 
dramatic literature and performance. Qualifications: Ph.D., relevant scholarship, 
and demonstrated potential for excellence in teaching. Salary 
commensurate with qualifications. Priority deadline is November 18, 2005. 
Send applications (three letters of recommendation, vita, sample of written 
work) to Chair, Drama Search Committee, c/o Meg Caulmare, Department of 
English, Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 
01003-9269. The English Department is committed to active recruitment of a 
diverse faculty. UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College consortium 
along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges and is 
also a member of the Academic Career Network, a resource for dual career couples. 
The University of Massachusetts is also an Affirmative Action/Equal Op


portunity Employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged 
to apply. www.umass.edu/english [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 812 

http://www.umass.edu/english 
American Literature: pre-1865 
Tenure track, to begin Fall 2006. To develop undergraduate and graduate courses 

in U.S. literature from this period. Specialty open. Qualifications: Ph.D., a successful 
research record, demonstrated potential for excellence in teaching, and 
commitment to participation in an active and energetic Department. Salary 
commensurate with qualifications. Priority deadline is November 18, 2005. 
Send applications (three letters of recommendation, vita, sample of written 
work) to Chair, American Literature Search Committee, c/o Meg Caulmare, 
Department of English, Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, 
Amherst MA 01003-9269. The English Department is committed to active 
recruitment of a diverse faculty. UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College 
consortium along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges 
and is also a member of the Academic Career Network, a resource for dual 
career couples. The University of Massachusetts is also an Affirmative Action/ 
Equal Opportunity Employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged 
to apply. www.umass.edu/english [R] 

U of Massachusetts 

English, 130 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003 

Assistant Professor of English 807 

http://www.umass.edu/english 
Electronic Literacies. 
Tenure track, to begin Fall 2006. To teach in and help redesign an undergraduate 

Professional Writing and Technical Communication Program in the English 
major that offers instruction in user documentation, web design, and traditional 
technical writing genres. Also to participate in an active PhD concentration in 
Composition and Rhetoric. Research interests in one of more of the following 
areas: technical writing, professional writing, visual rhetorics, digital media, and 
technology and culture. Qualifications: Ph.D., relevant scholarship, demonstrated 
excellence in teaching technical and/or professional writing required. Interest in 
professional outreach for internships and placement preferred. Salary commensurate 
with qualifications. Priority deadline is November 10, 2005. Send applications 
(three letters of recommendation, vita, sample of written work) to Chair, 
Electronic Literacies Search Committee, c/o Meg Caulmare, Department of English, 
Bartlett Hall, 130 Hicks Way, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA 
01003-9269. The English Department is committed to active recruitment of a 
diverse faculty. UMass Amherst is a member of the Five College consortium 
along with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges and is 
also a member of the Academic Career Network, a resource for dual career couples. 
The University of Massachusetts is also an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged 
to apply. www.umass.edu/english [R] 

Wellesley C 

English, 106 Central St Wellesley MA 02481 

Assistant Professor of English 394 

http://www.wellesley.edu 
Assistant Professor of English 
The Wellesley College English Department seeks a tenure-track beginning Assis


tant Professor in sixteenth-and seventeenth-century English literature, with a 
secondary interest in medieval literature. Candidates with Ph.D. in hand or advanced 
ABD will be considered. Teaching will include a mix of composition, 
period surveys, and specialized courses. Teaching program is two courses per semester. 
Send letter of application, CV, letters of reference, and writing sample to 
William Cain, Chair, Department of English, Wellesley College, 106 Central 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Street, Wellesley, MA 02481. (Include e-mail address for acknowledgment.) All 
materials must be received by October 21. We may conduct on-campus interviews 
before the MLA convention. Wellesley College is an EO/AA educational 
institution and employer. The College is committed to increasing the diversity of 
the college community and the curriculum. Candidates who believe they will 
contribute to that goal are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Wheaton C 

English, 26 E Main St Norton MA 02766 

Assistant Professor of English 856 

http://www.wheatoncollege.edu 
Wheaton College, in Massachusetts, seeks an Assistant Professor for a tenure-
track position of English literature and culture in the long eighteenth century 
and its borders, any area of specialization. All members of the department teach 
courses outside their primary specializations, and we look forward to hearing 
how the range of your interests can enrich our program. Teaching load is 3–2, 
and junior faculty may apply for a pre-tenure semester of fully-funded research 
leave. All members of the department are committed to teaching first-year writ


ing. Wheaton continues its dedication to hiring a diverse faculty and encourages 
applications from women and people of color. 
Send letter, vita, and self-addressed postcard for acknowledgment, postmarked by 

November 8, 2005, to Katherine Conway, Chair, Department of 
English,Wheaton College, Norton, Massachusetts 02766. Ph.D. expected by 
time of appointment. AA/EOE [R] 

MICHIGAN 
Alma C 

English, 614 W Superior Alma MI 48801 

Assistant Professor of English 778 

http://www.alma.edu/academics/departments/humanities/english 
Tenure-track appointment beginning fall 2006. We seek a generalist committed 
to college teaching with a primary focus on world literatures in English and a 
strong background and teaching experience in any of the following areas: 20th


century drama; modern British, Irish, or Scottish literature; journalistic writing; 
film studies. 
Position requires a Ph.D. and sincere interest in teaching in an undergraduate lib-


eral-arts environment that emphasizes close faculty-student interaction. Six 
courses per year; all department members teach at least one composition course 
per year and a variety of introductory and survey courses. The ideal candidate 
will bring disciplinary expertise and an interest in using this expertise to promote 
critical thinking. S/he will also bring a strong pedagogical interest in writing and 
in engaging students in studying literature. A willingness to explore uses of educational 
technology to enhance student learning is desirable. 


Alma College is a selective Phi Beta Kappa liberal-arts institution located in central 
Michigan. Women and ethnic minorities are strongly encouraged to apply. 
Alma College's non-discrimination policy includes age, color, creed, gender, national 
origin, physical ability, race, religion, and sexual orientation. 


Send letter of application and vita by November 1 to John Ottenhoff, Chair, Department 
of English, Alma College, 614 W Superior, Alma, MI 48801. [R] 


Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 321 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu/English/ 
African-American Literature. Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor of English 
beginning Fall 2006. 3/3 course load. Ph.D. in English with an emphasis in 
African-American literature required. In addition to areas of specialization, candidates 
should be able to teach other periods of African-American literature at 
both graduate and undergraduate levels. Ability to teach composition is required. 
Demonstrated evidence of effective teaching and an active research program are 

required. Ability to teach American literature generally and the literature of the 
African Diaspora desired. Send letter, current vita, writing sample, transcripts, 
and letters of reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English Language 
and Literature, Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 by 
28 October 2005. Preliminary interviews will be held at MLA. CMU is a doctoral/
research-intensive university with opportunities for leadership and involvement 
for its entire team. CMU, an AA/EO institution, strongly and actively 
strives to increase diversity within its community. Minorities are encouraged to 
apply (see www.cmich.edu/aaeo/). [R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 323 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu/English/ 
Restoration/18th Century British Literature. Tenure-track position as Assistant 
Professor of English beginning Fall 2006. Ph.D. in English required by August 
2006. 3/3 course load. Ability to teach survey courses in pre-1800 British 
Literature required. Ability to teach composition required. Demonstrated evidence 
of effective teaching and an active research program are required. Send application, 
current vita, writing sample, transcripts, and letters of reference to Dr. 
Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, Central 
Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 by 28 October 2005. Preliminary 
interviews will be held at MLA. CMU is a doctoral/research-intensive university 
with opportunities for leadership and involvement for its entire team. CMU, an 
AA/EO institution, strongly and actively strives to increase diversity within its 
community. Minorities are encouraged to apply (see www.cmich.edu/ 
aaeo/). [R] 

Eastern Michigan U 

English, Ypsilanti MI 48197 

Assistant Professor in British Romanticism 215 

http://www.emich.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professor in British Romanticism, with demonstrated interest 
in poetry. Secondary interests in critical theory, cultural studies, gender 
studies and/or fiction of the long Romantic century a plus. To teach a range of 
graduate and undergraduate courses within a congenial and collaborative English 
Department, located in the Ann Arbor-Detroit area. Active research agenda valued 
equally with excellence in teaching; internal grant opportunities available. 
Send letter of application, CV, teaching statement, transcript (unofficial is acceptable), 
and three letters of recommendation to Position F0624, 202 Bowen, Eastern 
Michigan University, Ypsilanti, MI 48197. We will begin reviewing 
applications November 1 and continue until the position is filled. We will be interviewing 
at MLA. We encourage applications from women and members of 
minority groups. For more information, contact Andrea Kaston Tange 
atakastont@emich.edu. [R] 

Michigan SU 

James Madison College, 367 South Case Hall East Lansing MI 48825 

Assistant Professor of Humanities, Culture, and Writing 964 

http://www.jmc.msu.edu 
James Madison College, Michigan State University 
Tenure Stream Position in Humanities, Culture, and Writing 
James Madison College, a residential college at Michigan State University, seeks 

to fill a tenure-stream position in Humanities, Culture and Writing. Appointment 
will be made at the Assistant or beginning Associate Professor level. We 
seek a colleague broadly trained in the humanities to teach interdisciplinary, 
writing intensive first-year seminars and upper-division courses. Position alternates 
a 2–2 teaching load one year with a 3–2 load the next. Primary teaching 
assignment is in first-year seminars with one upper-division course per year. 

James Madison's first-year seminars explore intellectual and social issues in American 
and/or international contexts through the study and practice of critical reading, 
writing and public speaking. Grounded in the study of literary, historical and 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


cultural texts, these seminars address questions of identity, representation, citizen


ship, and community. 
Candidates must have significant experience in the design and teaching of writing 
courses; expertise in writing pedagogy/theory is also welcome. Candidates 
will also have interdisciplinary research and teaching interests in one or more of 
the following areas of Latin American and Caribbean Studies: postcolonial studies, 
contemporary literature or history, ethnic studies and gender studies. 

Applicants should submit a letter describing how their teaching and research interests 
would contribute to a humanities-based first-year program and to a college 
curriculum focused on public affairs. Please send a vita, at least three 
confidential letters of recommendation, a writing sample, a teaching portfolio or 
sample teaching materials to: Humanities, Culture and Writing Search Committee, 
James Madison College, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 488251205. 
Review of candidates will begin November 11, 2005, with possible 
interviews at the MLA convention Washington, DC, in December, and possible 
interviews at the AHA convention in Philadelphia, in January. 

MSU is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Institution. Persons with disabilities 
have the right to request and receive reasonable accommodation. [R] 

Northern Michigan U 

English, 1401 Presque Isle Av Marquette MI 49855 

Assistant Professor, Native American Literature/Creative Writing 930 

http://www.nmu.edu 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track; specialty in Native American literature of the 
United States and Canada and Creative Writing; MFA or Ph.D. and college or 
university teaching experience required; the successful applicant will also have an 
interest and experience in teaching freshman-sophomore literature courses and 
composition. Twelve-hour teaching load (three 4-hour courses each semester). 
Salary competitive, excellent benefits. Application deadline is November 1, 
2005. Send letter, c.v., and the names of at least three references to James Schiffer, 
Head, Department of English, 1401 Presque Isle, Northern Michigan University, 
Marquette, MI 49855-5363. NMU is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer and is strongly committed to increasing the diversity of its 
faculty. [R] 

Oakland U 

English, Squirrel Rd Rochester MI 48309 

Assistant Professor of English 869 

http://www.oakland.edu/english/ 
Oakland University seeks tenure-track Assistant Professor in English literature, 
with research specialization in 17th-Century British Poetry (non-dramatic), beginning 
8/15/06. Secondary teaching interests open. Ph. D. requirements completed 
by March 2006. Competitive salary and benefits, 3/2 load. Teaching 
experience required; publication expected. We seek an individual with evidence 

of genuine enthusiasm for teaching undergraduate general education courses, as 
well as specialized majors and masters level graduate courses. 
In order to receive full consideration for an MLA interview, send letter (includ


ing teaching interests) and cv by November 11 to: Professor Kevin T. Grimm, 
Chair, Department of English, Oakland University, Rochester, MI 48309-4479 
or grimm@oakland.edu. Application will be acknowledged by letter. Dossiers 
and writing samples may be requested after initial screening. This position is dependent 
upon funding. Oakland University is an affirmative action/equal opportunity 
employer and encourages applications from women and minorities. [R] 

U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

The Helen Hertzog Zell Visiting Professorship in Creative Writing. 902 

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/ 
Visiting appointment in fiction. Anticipated three year appointment (through 
April 30, 2008), with potential for two additional years (through April 30, 2010). 
Candidates should be emerging writers (at least one book published or under 
contract) who have achieved distinction in their writing and excellence in their 

teaching or show the promise of such distinction and excellence. Send letter of 
application, c.v. and short writing sample (25 pages) by Nov 15, 2005 to Professor 
Sidonie Smith. Chair, Dept of English Language and Literature, University of 
Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. The University of Michigan is a nondiscriminatory 
affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Latino/a Literature in the United States 766 

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/ 
The Latino/a Studies Program within the American Culture Program and the 
Department of English Language and Literature at the University of Michigan 
invite applications for a position in Latino/a Literature in the United States. This 
is a tenure-track position with rank open to begin September 1, 2006. Priority 
will be given to applications received by November 1, 2005. The successful candidate 
must demonstrate expertise in any area of Latino/a literatures in the 
United States. While a specialization in one field is necessary, a Pan Latino/a 
perspective is strongly desired. In addition, candidates with interdisciplinary 
knowledge (music, print media, politics, popular culture, performance art, etc.) 
are especially encouraged to apply. This is a joint appointment, with teaching 
and service expected in both of the sponsoring units. Candidates for a junior position 
should send a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of 
recommendation to the address noted below. Candidates for a senior position 
will demonstrate a record of scholarly distinction and excellence in teaching. 

Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University is responsive to 
the needs of dual career couples. 
Please send a curriculum vitae and a list of references, to: Chair, Latino/a Studies 

Search Committee, 505 S. State Street, 3700 Haven Hall, University of Michigan, 
Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1045. The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Assistant or Advanced Assistant Professor of English 772 

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/ 
The English Department at the University of Michigan expects to make two or 
three appointments in 2005–2006, pending approval. We are particularly interested 
in innovative scholars at the entering or advanced Assistant level whose 
work cuts across common periodizations in the following fields: poetic genres, 
with particular emphasis on contemporary American poetry; early modern; any 
period or periods between 1660 and 1900. Successful candidates will also contribute 
to our established interdisciplinary strengths in transatlantic connections; 
gender and sexuality; material and literary culture; multicultural literatures in English; 
and poetics. Send letter of application, c.v., research statement, writing 
samples, and evidence of teaching excellence by November 10th to Professor 
Sidonie Smith, Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, University 
of Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, Attention: Recruitment 
Coordinator. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The 
University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and 
is supportive of the needs of dual career couples. All applications will be acknowledged. 
[R] 

U of Michigan 

English Lang & Lit, 435 S State, 3187 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 48109 

Open rank, Creative Writing (prose fiction), pending approval 775 

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/english/ 
The Department of English invites applications for a fiction writer to join the 
MFA faculty, starting date September 2006. We are looking for a colleague of 
distinction, though not necessarily seniority. Candidates should have a strong 
record of publication (at least one book published or under contract for junior 
candidates; two or more books for senior candidates) and a history of excellence 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


in teaching. As a member of our department the candidate will teach graduate 
and undergraduate fiction workshops and other courses reflecting their interests 
and departmental needs. Send letter of application, c.v., writing samples, and evidence 
of teaching excellence to Professor Sidonie Smith, Chair, Dept of English 
Language and Literature, University of Michigan, 3187 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, 
MI 48109-1003, Attention: Recruitment Coordinator. Review of applications 
will begin Oct 31st, and continue until the position is filled. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

The University of Michigan is a nondiscriminatory affirmative action employer, 
and is responsive to the needs of dual career couples. All applications will be acknowledged. 
[R] 

U of Michigan 

Sweetland Writing Center, 435 S.State St., 1139 Angell Hall Ann Arbor MI 
48109 

Lecturer III 901 

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/swc 
Writing: The Sweetland Writing Center at the University of Michigan seeks applicants 
with a Ph.D. for a Lecturer III position (pending authorization) beginning 
September 1, 2006. Candidate should have extensive background in 
composition and rhetoric. Experience in the areas of basic writing and the transition 
from high school to college, as well as in computer-mediated instruction 
and technology is desirable. Full-time load for this one-year non-tenure track 
position, renewable up to four years with the possibility of a multi-year contract 
in the fifth year, is three courses per semester or the equivalent in outreach, training, 
and administration. Terms and conditions of employment for this position 
are subject to the provisions of a Collective Bargaining Agreement between the 
University of Michigan and the Lecturers' Employee Organization. Send letter of 
application, c.v., evidence of teaching excellence, and three letters of reference to 
Martha Vicinus, Director, Sweetland Writing Center, University of Michigan, 
1139 Angell Hall, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003. Application deadline is November 
18, 2005. The University of Michigan is a nondiscriminatory affirmative action 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Michigan 

Women's Studies Deptartment, Lane Hall-204 South State St Ann Arbor MI 
48109 

Feminist Theorist of Race & Gender 511 

http://www.lsa.umich.edu/women/ 
Pending authorization. The Women's Studies Program invites applications at the 
tenured level for a Feminist Theorist whose work focuses simultaneously on race 
and gender, to begin September 1, 2006. We seek candidates who demonstrate 
outstanding research and scholarly contributions and who can contribute to our 
vibrant interdisciplinary community. While the emphasis in this position is on 
scholarship in the area of theory, applications are welcome from those who also 
employ empirical research methods. Research may be focused on the U.S. or international 
contexts. Send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, a brief statement 
of research, evidence of teaching excellence, and the names of suggested 
reviewers by December 15, 2005 to Chair, Women's Studies and Psychology 
Search Committee, Women's Studies Program, University of Michigan, 1122 
Lane Hall, 204 S. State St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1290. Applications will begin 
being reviewed November 15, 2005; all applications will be acknowledged. The 
University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, and 
is supportive of the needs of dual career couples. Women and minority candidates 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Wayne SU 

English, 5057 Woodward, Suite 9406 Detroit MI 48202 

Assistant Professor in Computers and Writing 298 

http://www.english.wayne.edu 
The Department of English at Wayne State University invites applications for a 
tenure-track position in Computers and Writing. Our primary interests are in 

candidates with expertise in rhetoric and composition studies, particularly in relation 
to computer-mediated communication and new media. The successful 
candidate will contribute to ongoing departmental initiatives in digital literacy 
and culture and to graduate program development in writing and new media. 
We may also consider applications from candidates with other areas of research 
expertise, who have interest and experience in developing curriculum and pedagogy 
for the teaching of writing and new media in digital environments. 

For complete posting and to submit an online application, applicants must go to 
http://jobs.wayne.edu. On-line application, including CV and letter of application 
addressed to Richard Grusin, must be submitted by October 31. Wayne 
State University is a premier institution of higher education offering more than 
350 academic programs through 14 schools and colleges to more than 31,000 
students in metropolitan Detroit. Wayne State University is an equal opportunity/
affirmative action employer. Minority candidates are especially encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

MINNESOTA 
C of Saint Benedict 

English, PO Box 7188 Collegeville MN 56321 

Assistant Professor - English 1012 

http://www.csbsju.edu 
THE COLLEGE OF SAINT BENEDICT/SAINT JOHN'S UNIVERSITY 
announces a full-time tenure track assistant professor position in English to begin 
academic year 2006-2007. The successful candidate for this position should be 
able to teach courses in early modern literature including Shakespeare. Preference 
will be given to candidates whose studies center on the cultural, religious 
and racial discourses arising out of England's interactions with the New World 
and/ or Africa and Europe. The position includes teaching general core courses, 

introductory and advanced writing and literature courses, and involvement in 
undergraduate research. Completed Ph.D. required. 
St. John's University, a liberal arts college for men, and the College of St. Bene


dict, a liberal arts college for women, are located four miles apart in Central 
Minnesota just outside metropolitan St. Cloud and 70 miles from Minneapolis. 
Both are Catholic colleges in the Benedictine tradition, which emphasize quality 
teaching and a commitment to intercultural learning. 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, three recent letters of reference, 
statement of teaching philosophy, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and 
copies of transcripts, (official transcripts required for interview) to: Human 
Resources, Saint John's University, PO Box 7188, Collegeville, MN 56321, 
mergen@csbsju.edu 

Applications received after December 1, 2005, cannot be guaranteed full consid


eration. For more information, please visit our website at www.csbsju.edu . 
Women and people of diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds are encouraged 
to apply. The College of Saint Benedict/Saint John's University are 
EEO/AA employers.[R] 

Macalester C 

English, 1600 Grand Av St Paul MN 55105 

Renaissance/early modern (rank open) 168 

http://www.macalester.edu 
Tenure-track appointment in Renaissance/early modern literature, with an emphasis 
on Shakespeare and dramatic literature, beginning Fall 2006. Rank open. 
Ph.D. required. Candidates should have broad intellectual interests, significant 
potential for publication and professional activity, and evidence of excellence in 
teaching. Background in comparative approaches, cultural studies, race/ethnic 
studies, queer studies and/or gender studies desirable. Successful applicants may 
also contribute to one or more of the College's interdisciplinary programs, such 
as Humanities and Cultural Studies, Women's and Gender Studies, International 
Studies, Environmental Studies, American Studies, or the First Year Seminar 
program. Send letter of application and C.V. to Professor Stephen Burt, Chair, 
Macalester College, Department of English, St. Paul, MN 55105. Applications 
received by November 1, 2005 will receive first consideration. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Macalester College is a selective, private liberal arts college in the Minneapolis-
St. Paul metropolitan area. The College enrolls over 1800 students from 50 states 
and almost 80 countries. Macalester is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer that prides itself on providing support for excellence in teaching and in 
faculty scholarship. We are especially interested in candidates committed to 
working with students of diverse backgrounds. Successful candidates will be expected 
to pursue rich research programs as well as to help sustain, as appropriate, 
the College's emphases on multiculturalism, internationalism, and service. [R] 

Saint Olaf C 

English, 1520 Saint Olaf Av Northfield MN 55057 

Assistant Professor of English 819 

http://www.stolaf.edu 
Creative Writing (fiction) 
Assistant Professor of English to teach creative writing, primarily fiction, with 

additional teaching responsibilities in contemporary literature and first-year writing. 
Six course, tenure-track position beginning September 2006. Candidate 
should have PhD or equivalent; significant publications and successful college 
teaching experience preferred. 

Additional areas of interest to the department include film studies, critical theory, 

and global literatures in English. 
Send letter of application and c.v. to Diana Postlethwaite, Chair of the Search 
Committee. All applications will be acknowledged. No electronic applications or 
inquiries please. Review of completed applications will begin November 10; interviews 
will be held at the Modern Language Asssociation meetings 
Dec. 27–30, 2005. 

A liberal arts college affiliated with the Lutheran Church (ELCA), St. Olaf College 
is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and actively seeks diversity 
in its students, faculty, and staff. 

See http://www.stolaf.edu/for general infomation about St. Olaf College and 
the Department of English. [R] 

U of Minnesota Morris 

Humanities Division, 600 E 4th St Morris MN 56267 

Assistant Professor or Instructor in English 629 

http://www.morris.umn.edu 
The University of Minnesota, Morris invites applications for a full-time, tenure-
track position at the Assistant Professor or Instructor level in Twentieth-Century 
British literature beginning August 14, 2006. Candidates with expertise in one 
or more of the following fields are especially welcome to apply: post-colonial literature 
and theory, Modernism, Irish and/or Anglophone literatures. The successful 
applicant will also be prepared to teach the second half of the British 
literature survey. Course load is 3/2, with commensurate expectations for research 
and service. We are interested in individuals with an enthusiasm for teaching 
undergraduates in a small, residential, liberal arts college that has been 
recognized nationally for its high academic quality. Ph.D. in English by date of 
appointment preferred. ABD in English will be considered. Appointment will be 
as assistant professor with Ph.D., as instructor with ABD. The latter must have 
the Ph.D. conferred by January 31, 2007 for reappointment. At least one year of 
college teaching is preferred. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in the 
teaching of English at the undergraduate level and a commitment to productive 
scholarship. Potential for academic leadership in a liberal arts college will be considered. 
The teaching assignment regularly includes British Literature Survey II, 
Introduction to Literature, two advanced literature courses, and one section of 
College Writing. For tenure and promotion, a record of excellence as a teacher/ 
scholar is essential. A commitment to program development within the English 
discipline and service/outreach are also considered important. Salary: Commensurate 
with experience. Applications must include a letter of application, vita, a 
transcript or a listing of all graduate courses, and three letters of recommendation 
written within the last three years. Send applications to: English Search Committee, 
Division of the Humanities, University of Minnesota, Morris, 600 East 4th 
Street, Morris, Minnesota 56267. Applications must reach us no later than November 
15, 2005. The University of Minnesota, Morris is a member of the 
Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges (COPLAC), a national alliance of lead


ing liberal arts colleges in the public sector. The University of Minnesota is committed 
to the policy that all persons shall have equal access to its programs, facilities, 
and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national 
origin, sex, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, or 
sexual orientation. [R] 

U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Ave., Mail# JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Asian-American Literature 63 

http://www.stthomas.edu 
The University of St. Thomas (in the vibrant and ethnically-diverse Twin Cities 
of St. Paul and Minneapolis) is accepting applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of assistant or associate professor, starting September 2006. Ph.D. 
must be in hand on the date of appointment. We are seeking a teacher-scholar in 
Asian-American Literature. Teaching responsibilites are three courses each semester: 
two general-requirement courses plus an upper-level or graduate course. 
The University of St. Thomas seeks to develop morally responsible individuals 
who combine career competency with cultural awareness and intellectural curiosity. 
A Catholic and urban university, St. Thomas continues to develop out


standing academic programs, recognized in the region and nation, while 
strengthening its ties to the local community. 
Submit a curriculum vitae and an informative letter (referring to position 

#200047) that specifically addresses the integration of writing and literature in 
general-requirement courses for first-year students by November 4, 2005 electronically 
to http://www.stthomas.edu/hr or by mail to Dr. Michael Allen 
Mikolajczak, Chair, Mail AQU 217, 2115 Summit Avenue, St. Paul, MN 
55105. 

The University of St. Thomas is an affirmative action and equal opportunity 
employer. Women, persons of color and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

U of Saint Thomas 

English, 2115 Summit Ave., Mail# JRC 333 St Paul MN 55105 

Language, Literacy, and Writing 67 

http://www.stthomas.edu 
The University of St. Thomas (in the vibrant and ethnically-diverse Twin Cities 
of St. Paul and Minneapolis) is accepting applications for a tenure-track position 
at the rank of assistant or associate professor, starting September 2006. Ph.D. 
must be in hand on the date of appointment. We are seeking a teacher-scholar in 
language, literacy studies, and writing. Teaching responsibilites are three courses 
each semester. In addition to two general-requirement courses each semester, the 
person appointed to this position will regularly offer linguistics, and occasionally 
writing theory, for students seeking teaching licensure. There are other opportunities 
for upper-level or graduate courses. The University of St. Thomas seeks to 
develop morally responsible individuals who combine career competency with 
cultural awareness and intellectual curiosity. A Catholic and urban university, St. 

Thomas continues to develop outstanding academic programs, recognized in the 
region and nation, while strengthening its ties to the local community. 
Submit a curriculum vitae and an informative letter (referring to position 

#200667) that specifically addresses the integration of writing and literature in 
general-requirement courses for first-year students by November 4, 2005 electronically 
to http://www.stthomas.edu/hr or by mail to Dr. Michael Allen 
Mikolajczak, Chair, Mail AQU 217, 2115 Summit Avenue, St. Paul, MN 
55105. 

The University of St. Thomas is an affirmative action and equal opportunity 
employer. Women, persons of color and persons with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Winona SU 

Human Resources, Somsen 204 Winona MN 55987 

Assistant Professor of Colonial/Federalist American Literature 41 

http://www.winona.edu 
The English Department has an opening for an Assistant Professor specializing in 
Colonial/Federalist American Literature. The successful candidate can expect the 
initial teaching load to consist primarily of composition and general education 

courses. The normal teaching load is 12 hours per semester. Minimum qualifications 
include a Ph.D. in English (all requirements met by date of hire). 
For a complete job description, see http://www.winona.edu/humanresources, 

e-mail rdelong@winona.edu or call (507) 457-5639. Application deadline is 
December 1, 2005. Position available pending budgetary approval. WSU is a 
member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System and is an equal 
opportunity educator and employer. Women, minorities and individuals with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

MISSISSIPPI 
Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of English 212 

http://www.msstate.edu/dept/english 
Tenure-track position for assistant professor to begin in fall 2006, pending funding. 
PhD in English and college teaching experience required. We seek candidates 
with expertise in Victorian literature, as well as experience teaching 
first-year composition and survey courses in English literature. The successful 
candidate will carry a 2–2 teaching assignment for the first year, then a 3–2 assignment 
in subsequent years. Publications and professional service are required 
for tenure and promotion. Salary will be competitive. Affordable and comfortable 
faculty housing is usually available in the first two years of employment. 
Mississippi State University is a Carnegie Doctoral/Research-Extensive institution 
with approximately 16,000 on the main campus. To apply, please send a letter 
and cv by November 15, 2005, to Dr. Richard Raymond, Head, 
Department of English, Mississippi State University, Drawer "E," Mississippi 
State, MS 39762. Mississippi State University is an AA/EO employer. [R] 

U of Mississippi 

English, PO Box 1848, Bondurant Hall University MS 38677 

Assistant Professor 487 

http://www.olemiss.edu/depts/english/ 
African American Literature, tenure track. Joint appointment in the Department 
of English and the African American Studies Program. Area of specialization 
open. PhD required, or in-hand by August 2006. Successful candidate will contribute 
to the University of Mississippi's new major in African American Studies. 
All applications are to be made online. Please submit letter, c.v., and names of 
references electronically to jobs.olemiss.edu. Review of applications begins on 
October 15, 2005 and continues until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews 
will be conducted at the MLA Convention. Inquiries welcome in the Department 
of English, Joseph Urgo, Chair (jurgo@olemiss.edu). The University 
of Mississippi is an EEO/AA/ADA/ADEA/Titles VI & IX/Section 504 
employer. [R] 

MISSOURI 
Missouri Southern SU 

English & Philos, 3950 E Newman Rd Joplin MO 64801 

Assistant Professor of English or English Education 

http://www.mssu.edu/ 
We seek applications for a full-time, tenure-track position specializing in children's 
& young adult literature and English education methods. The successful 
applicant will also teach general education literature courses and freshman composition 
courses. Certification and/or secondary school teaching experience de


sirable. 4/4 teaching load. Eligible applicants must have Ph.D. in hand by 
1 August 2006. 
Send letter of application, CV, unofficial transcripts of graduate work, and three 

letters of recommendation (one of which should evaluate teaching) to: Dr. Joey 
Brown, Chair, Assistant Professor Search Committee, Department of English & 
Philosophy, Missouri Southern State University, 3950 E. Newman Road, Joplin, 
MO 64801-1595. Applications must be postmarked by 1 November 2005. No 
electronic submissions. Position availability pending funding. 

MSSU is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. [R] 

Northwest Missouri SU 

Mod Langs, Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor/Generalist of English 

http://www.nwmissouri.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor beginning August 2006, to teach a 4/4 load. 
Generalist with specialties in either Medieval/Renaissance or 18th and 19thcentury 
British Literature. Teaching includes at least fifty percent general education 
freshman-composition and literature courses as well as area of specialty. 
Earned doctorate or equivalent, successful teaching experience at the college 
level, student support, departmental and university service, and ongoing scholarship 
required. Ability and interest in teaching Developmental Composition a 
plus. Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Summer teaching 
dependent on departmental needs. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial 
transcripts, and three letters of reference to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department 
of English, Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, 
MO 64468. Screening of applicants will begin on November 18, 2005 and will 
continue until the position is filled. Interviews at the 2005 MLA convention in 
Washington. Application will be acknowledged by letter. Inquire to 
Mhobbs@mail.nwmissouri.edu or 660-562-1265. For a complete job description, 
visit our website at www.nwmissouri.edu/hr/JOBS/INDEX.HTM. 
Northwest is an equal opportunity employer. 

Northwest Missouri SU 

Mod Langs, Maryville MO 64468 

Assistant Professor with Specialty in Secondary Education 

http://www.nwmissouri.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialty in Secondary Education, beginning 
August 2006, to teach a 4/4 load, with possible release time for supervising 
student teachers and program coordination. Teaching includes general education 
freshman-composition and literature courses as well as area of specialty. Earned 
doctorate or equivalent, successful teaching experience at the college level, student 
support, departmental and university service, and ongoing scholarship required. 
Ability and interest in teaching Developmental Composition a plus. 
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Summer teaching dependent 
on departmental needs. Send letter of application, vita, unofficial transcripts, 
and three letters of reference to Dr. Michael Hobbs, Chair, Department 
of English, Colden Hall, Northwest Missouri State University, Maryville, MO 
64468. Screening of applicants will begin on November 18, 2005 and continue 
until the position is filled. Interviews at the 2005 MLA convention in Washington. 
Application will be acknowledged by letter. Inquire to Mhobbs@mail 
.nwmissouri.edu or 660-562-1265. For a complete job description, visit our 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


website at www.nwmissouri.edu/hr/JOBS/INDEX.HTM. Northwest is an 
equal opportunity employer. 

Southwest Missouri SU 

English, 901 S National Springfield MO 65804 

Assistant Professor of English Education 621 

http://www.missouristate.edu/hiresmsu 
ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, ENGLISH EDUCATION, TENURE TRACK. 
PhD or ABD in English with an emphasis in English Education and a minimum 
of two years experience teaching on the Secondary or Middle School level is required. 
A background in Children's/Young Adult Literature is preferred. Responsibilities 
include teaching undergraduate and graduate methods courses, 
supervising student teachers, and advising BS.Ed. in English majors. Consideration 
of the applicants begins November 1, 2005 and continues until the position 
is filled. Starting date is August 14, 2006. Anticipated opening for full-time, 
nine-month appointment. Candidates must submit application letter, three current 
letters of reference, and unofficial copies of all transcripts to Dr. W.D. Blackmon, 
Head, Department of English, Missouri State University, 901 S. National, 
Springfield, MO 65804. Date of first consideration is November 1, 2005. Search 
will continue until position is filled. AA/EOE. 

U of Missouri-Columbia 

English, 107 Tate Hall Columbia MO 65211 

Assistant Professor of English 426 

http://www.missouri.edu/~engwww 
Tenure-track position in early modern studies, with an emphasis on seventeenth-

century British literature. Appointment begins August 2006. PhD at time of appointment 
required. 
Our ordinary teaching schedule is two courses per semester, and the University 

has generous research leaves available to all our faculty. In recent years, most assistant 
professors have been awarded year-long research leaves. Send letter of application 
and cv to Patricia Okker, Chair, English Department, 107 Tate Hall, 
University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211. Preference given to 
applications received by November 4. Applications will be acknowledged by department 
letter. Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer. To request 
ADA accommodations, please contact our ADA Coordinator at 573-884-7278 
(V/TTY). [R] 

MONTANA 
Montana SU-Bozeman 

English, Wilson Hall Bozeman MT 59717 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 399 

http://www.montana.edu 
The English Department invites applications for an early career tenure-track assistant 
or associate professor position in British literature with a primary focus in 
the Early Modern period to begin August 16, 2006. Requirements include a 
Ph.D. in hand by the beginning of the appointment and demonstrated promise 
of excellence in both teaching and scholarship. Send letter of application, CV, 
transcript, and three letters of recommendation postmarked by Nov. 1 to Dr. 
Michael Beehler, Chair, Department of English, Montana State University, P.O. 
Box 172300, Bozeman, MT 59717-2300. ADA/AA/EOE Veterans 
Preference. [R] 

Montana SU-Bozeman 

English, Wilson Hall Bozeman MT 59717 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 

http://www.montana.edu 


English Education/Language & Linguistics or Composition, tenure-track, early 
career assistant or associate professor. 
We are seeking candidates with the ability and interest to teach in both English 


Education and language & linguistics or composition. Start date August 16, 


2006. 
Required: Ph.D. in English by time of hire with demonstrated preparation and 
interest in English Education; specialization in language and linguistics or composition. 
Experience with secondary school instruction preferred. 


A primary responsibility of this position is administering the department's English 
Education program. Although no formal supervision of student teachers is 
required, the position entails advising English Education majors and minors, service 
on university education-related committees, and outreach to public schools, 
educational institutions and organizations. 


In addition to teaching general English Education courses, candidates will have 
the opportunity to teach courses in his/her other areas of specialty, including undergraduate 
courses in language, linguistics, and composition, and graduate seminars 
in pedagogical and writing theory. 


Letter of application, CV, transcript, and three letters of recommendation, postmarked 
no later than Nov. 1, 2005, to Dr. Michael Beehler, Chair, Department 
of English, Montana State University, P.O. Box 172300, Bozeman, MT 597172300. 
ADA/AA/EOE Veterans Preference. [R] 


NEBRASKA 
Creighton U 

English, 2500 California Plaza Omaha NE 68178 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://mockingbird.creighton.edu/english 
Native American Literature/Twentieth-Century American Literature 
Creighton University seeks a tenure-track assistant professor in Native American 

Literature and/or Twentieth-Century American Literature with secondary specializations 
in Critical Theory and/or Cultural Studies. Applicants must have 
record of excellence in teaching and scholarship and will be expected to teach 
three courses per semester, starting Fall 2006, including lower-division World 
Literature and Composition. Ph.D. in hand required by August 2006. Candidates 
are strongly urged to familiarize themselves with Creighton's English Department 
(http://mockingbird.creighton.edu/english/) and other programs, as well 
as the University's mission (http://www.creighton.edu/mission/). Applications 
must be postmarked by November 1, 2005. Send three letters of recommendation, 
vita, writing sample, statement of teaching philosophy, graduate/ 
undergraduate transcripts (photocopies acceptable initially), and supporting materials 
to Bridget Keegan, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 

Creighton University, Omaha, NE 68178. Include email address. All applications 
will be acknowledged. MLA interviews preferred. A Jesuit, Catholic institution, 
Creighton University encourages applications from qualified individuals of all 
backgrounds who believe they can contribute to the university's distinctive educational 
traditions. Creighton is an EEO/AA employer and seeks a wide range of 
applicants for the position so that one of our core values-ethnic and cultural diversity-
may be realized. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Creighton U 

English, 2500 California Plaza Omaha NE 68178 

Assistant Professor of English 406 

http://mockingbird.creighton.edu/english 
Rhetoric and Composition 
Creighton University seeks a full-time, tenure track, assistant professor in Rheto


ric and Composition. Applicants should be proven, excellent teachers and have 
strong continuing familiarity with developments in technology, digital media, 
and writing, and be able to share this expertise. The successful candidate will 
teach upper-and lower-division composition courses. Three-course load per semester. 
Ph.D. preferred, ABD considered. Position begins August 2006. Candidates 
are strongly urged to familiarize themselves with Creighton's English 
Department (http://mockingbird.creighton.edu/english/), programs, and University 
mission (http://www.creighton.edu/mission/). Applications must be 
postmarked by November 1. Send three recommendation letters, vita, writing 
sample, statement of teaching philosophy, graduate/undergraduate transcripts 
(photocopies acceptable initially), and supporting materials to Bob Whipple, 
Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, Creighton University, 
Omaha, NE 68178. Include email address. All applications will be acknowledged. 
MLA interviews preferred. A Jesuit, Catholic institution, Creighton University 
encourages applications from qualified individuals of all backgrounds who 
believe they can contribute to the university's distinctive educational traditions. 
Creighton is an EEO/AA employer and seeks a wide range of applicants for the 
position so that one of our core values-ethnic and cultural diversity-may be 
realized. [R] 

U of Nebraska at Omaha 

English, 60th & Dodge Sts Omaha NE 68182 

Assistant Professor 85 

http://www.unomaha.edu/english/ 
A tenure-track, entry-level position at the rank of Assistant Professor in The 
Long 18th-Century English Literature to begin August 2006. Ph.D. in English 
or related field preferred, but applicants nearing the completion of the Ph.D. will 
also be considered. Commitment to teaching and demonstrated potential for 
publication required. Demonstrated competence in teaching composition is also 
required. Normally, a nine-hour per semester teaching load (in addition to a 
three-hour research/creative activity obligation). To apply, go to http://www 
.careers.unomaha.edu; transcripts, three letters of recommendation, cover letter, 
resume, and other documents which cannot be submitted electronically should 
be mailed to Susan Naramore Maher, Chair, Department of English, University 
of Nebraska at Omaha, 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182-0175. Application 
deadline: November 18, 2005. Preliminary interviews will be held at the 
MLA convention. The university and department have a strong commitment to 
achieving diversity among faculty and staff. We are particularly interested in receiving 
applications from members of under-represented groups and strongly encourage 
women and persons of color to apply for this position. [R] 

U of Nebraska at Omaha 

English, 60th & Dodge Sts Omaha NE 68182 

Assistant Professor 86 

http://www.unomaha.edu/english/ 
A tenure-track, entry-level position at the rank of Assistant Professor in Medieval 
English Language and Literature to begin August 2006. Ph.D. in English or related 
field preferred, but applicants nearing the completion of the Ph.D. will also 
be considered. Commitment to teaching and demonstrated potential for publication 
required. Demonstrated competence in teaching composition is also required. 
Normally, a nine-hour per semester teaching load (in addition to a 
three-hour research/creative activity obligation). To apply, go to http:// 
ww.careers.unomaha.edu; transcripts, three letters of recommendation, cover letter, 
resume, and other documents which cannot be submitted electronically 
should be mailed to Susan Naramore Maher, Chair, Department of English, 
University of Nebraska at Omaha, 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182


0175. Application deadline: November 18, 2005. Preliminary interviews will be 
held at the MLA convention. [R] 

U of Nebraska 

English, PO Box 880333, 545 N 14th St Lincoln NE 68588 

Tenure-track assistant professor position in Renaissance Studies, English 

http://www.unl.edu/english 
The University of Nebraska-Lincoln announces a tenure-track assistant professor 
position in Renaissance Studies. Candidates must have a Ph.D. at the time of appointment, 
and must be engaged in a developing and ongoing research program. 
Evidence of successful teaching required. Scholarly interest that reflects interdisciplinary 
approaches and responds to issues related to gender, ethnicity/race, or 
performance theory is desirable. The majority of courses taught will be in the 
specialization, at both undergraduate and graduate levels. To apply, go to http:// 
employment.unl.edu and complete the faculty/administrative form, then send 
letter of application and vita to: Professor Judith Slater, Department of English, 
202 Andrews Hall, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE 68588-0333. 
Review of applications will begin Nov. 1, 2005, and continue until a suitable 
candidate is found. The University of Nebraska is committed to a pluralistic 
campus community through affirmative action and equal opportunity and is responsive 
to the needs of dual career couples. We assure reasonable accommodation 
under the Americans with Disabilities Act. Contact Professor Slater at 
402-472-1822 or e-mail jcslater@unlnotes.unl.edu for assistance. Web site: 
http://www.unl.edu/english [R] 

NEW HAMPSHIRE 
Dartmouth C 

Department of Theater, 6204 Hopkins Center Hanover NH 03755 

Historian/Scholar 31 

http://www.dartmouth.edu/~theater 
Assistant Professor, tenure track. The Theater Department at Dartmouth College 
seeks an Historian/Scholar. Primary teaching responsibilities include theater history, 
dramatic literature, theory/criticism and dramaturgy. The successful candidate 
must be able to teach topic courses in modern and contemporary theater or 
topics courses in American theater. Possible courses in African American theater, 
African theater, gay/lesbian theater or women's theater. In addition he or she 
will share with colleagues teaching duties in Freshman Seminars, the Senior Colloquium 
and the mentoring of student projects. He or she should have the ability 
to coordinate and teach in the Dartmouth Foreign Study Program in London. 

The Theater Department is eager to include innovative and creative methods of 
teaching theater history, literature and criticism. 
Qualifications: Ph.D or equivalent, strong commitment to undergraduate teach


ing, teaching experience (two years beyond doctorate preferred); and evidence of 

continuing productivity in scholarly research and publication. 
Appointment will be made for the 2006–2007 academic year. Send letter, resume, 
names and phone numbers of three references to Search Committee 
Chair, Theater Department, 6204 Hopkins Center, Dartmouth College, 
Hanover, NH 03755-3599. Deadline for applications is October 18, 2005. Dart-
mouth College is an AA/EOE. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Dartmouth C 

English, N Main St, 6032 Sanborn House Hanover NH 03755 

Open Rank Specialist in African American Literature 693 

http://www.dartmouth.edu/~english/ 
An open rank position for a specialist in African American literature with particular 
interests in poetry and drama. Successful candidates will also contribute to 
the department's strengths in critical theory and interdisciplinary scholarship. 
Dartmouth College is an equal opportunity /affirmative action employer, is 
strongly committed to diversity, and encourages applications from women and 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


minorities. Please send letter of application and CV to Professor J. Martin Favor, 
Search Committee Chair, Dartmouth College English Department, 6032 San-
born House, Hanover, NH 03755, or via email to English.Department@dartmouth.
edu postmarked no later than Tuesday, November 1, 2005 [R] 

Dartmouth C 

English, N Main St, 6032 Sanborn House Hanover NH 03755 

Assistant Professor of English 695 

http://www.dartmouth.edu/~english/ 
A position for a tenure-track Assistant Professor specializing in digital media with 
interests in one or more of the following areas: the cultures and aesthetics of digital 
media; electronic literature; virtual cultural production; media history and 
theory. Successful candidates will also contribute to the department's strengths in 
critical theory and interdisciplinary scholarship. Dartmouth College is an equal 
opportunity /affirmative action employer, is strongly committed to diversity, and 
encourages applications from women and minorities. Please send letter of application 
and CV via email to English.Department@dartmouth.edu postmarked no 
later than Tuesday, November 1, 2005. [R] 

Keene SC 

English, 229 Main Keene NH 03435 

English-Medieval Literature 626 

http://www.keene.edu 
Assistant Professor of English. Keene State College invites applications for a tenure-
track position beginning in fall 2006 to teach three 4-credit courses per semester. 
Courses in Medieval literature will be the primary responsibility. The 
successful candidate will have expertise in Medieval British literature, including 
Chaucer, and history of the English language. Opportunity to develop courses in 
other areas of interest, particularly those that address multicultural issues. For in


formation about the School of Arts & Humanities at KSC visit: http://www 
.keene.edu/ah/ 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in Medieval literature by August 2006, commitment to 

teaching, demonstrated ability and enthusiasm for teaching writing and general 
education courses, evidence of scholarship. Salary at the rank of Assistant Professor 
will be based on Collective Bargaining Unit Agreement, and was at $48,750 
minimum for fall 2005. 

Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
by November 1, 2005 to: Dr. Mark C. Long, Chair, Department of 
English, FAC#02, c/o Office of Human Resource Management, Keene State 
College, 229 Main St., Keene, NH 03435-1604. Department representatives will 
be at the Washington, DC MLA annual convention. 

Keene State College is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges, 
a national alliance of leading liberal arts colleges in the public sector. As an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Keene State College is engaged in 
an effort to build a community that reflects the diversity of society. [R] 

Keene SC 

English, 229 Main Keene NH 03435 

English-Writing 631 

http://keene.edu 
Assistant Professor of English. Keene State College invites applications for a tenure-
track position beginning in fall 2006 to teach three 4-credit courses per semester. 
Primary responsibility: teach expository writing at all levels, develop 
professional writing courses and internship opportunities, and contribute to a 
growing writing minor. The successful candidate will have expertise in theories 
of writing and rhetoric as well as experience designing courses in professional 
and technical writing. Opportunity to develop and further cross-disciplinary 

writing initiatives. For information about the School of Arts & Humanities at 
KSC visit: http://www.keene.edu/ah/ 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, Rhetoric and Composition, or Writing by Au


gust 2006, commitment to teaching, demonstrated ability and enthusiasm for 
teaching first-year writing and general education courses, evidence of scholar


ship. Salary at the rank of Assistant Professor will be based on Collective Bargain


ing Unit Agreement, and was at $48,750 minimum for fall 2005. 
Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation 
by November 1, 2005 to: Dr. Mark C. Long, Chair, Department of 
English, FAC#08, c/o Office of Human Resource Management, Keene State 
College, 229 Main St., Keene, NH 03435-1604. Department representatives will 
be at the Washington, DC MLA annual convention. 

Keene State College is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges, 
a national alliance of leading liberal arts colleges in the public sector. As an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Keene State College is engaged in 
an effort to build a community that reflects the diversity of society. [R] 

Plymouth SU 

Human Resources, MSC #14 Plymouth NH 03264 

Assistant Professor of English-Medieval and Early Modern Literature 180 

http://www.plymouth.edu 
Plymouth State University invites applications for the position of Assistant Professor 
of English, tenure track, beginning in August, 2006. Plymouth State, located 
amidst the beautiful Lakes and White Mountains regions of New 


Hampshire, is a residential university of about 4,000 undergraduates and 1,000 
graduate students. 
Responsibilities: The teaching responsibilities will cover literature and related 


subjects in the Medieval and Early Modern periods of English Literature. These 
will include survey courses in those two periods, plus senior-level courses in 
Chaucer and Shakespeare, with possible special topics courses in these periods. 
Opportunity to play leadership role in the annual, regional Medieval-Renaissance 
Forum held on campus. In addition, some teaching in lower-level general 
education courses such as composition, literature, and the first-year seminar. 
Other responsibilities will include service work in the department and university, 
advising students, and research in the candidate's areas of interest. 


Minimum Qualifications: Ph.D. in Medieval and/or Early Modern British Literature, 
in hand by August, 2006. Interest in dramatic and non-dramatic literature, 
plus evidence of excellence in teaching. Ability to participate in collaborative 
programs and projects. 


Additional Desirable Qualification: Teaching experience at undergraduate level. 


Salary and Benefits: Plymouth State University offers a competitive salary and 
comprehensive benefit package. 
Application: Please send (1) a letter of application; (2) a curriculum vitae; (3) 


three current professional letters of recommendation; and (4) a PSU Application 


for Employment available at http://www.plymouth.edu/hr/jobs/. 
Deadline: Full consideration will be given to complete applications received by 
October 3, 2005. Position will remain open until filled. Send all application materials 
to: Plymouth State University, Medieval and Early Modern Literature 
Search, Human Resources, MSC #14, 17 High Street, Plymouth, NH 03264. 


Plymouth State University is committed to diversity amongst its faculty, staff and 
students and is an AA/EEO employer; women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in U. S. [R] 


Plymouth SU 

Human Resources, MSC #14 Plymouth NH 03264 

Assistant Professor of English Education 181 

http://www.plymouth.edu 
Plymouth State University invites applications for the position of Assistant Professor 
English Education, tenure track, beginning in August, 2006. Plymouth 
State, located amidst the beautiful Lakes and White Mountains regions of New 

Hampshire, is a residential university of about 4,000 undergraduates and 1,000 
graduate students. 
Duties: Teaching professional courses and supervising student teachers. Also 

teaching undergraduate classes in other areas, including composition, literature, 
and first-year seminar. Other responsibilities will include service work in the department 
and university, advising students, and research in the candidate's areas of 
interest. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Minimum Qualifications: Earned doctorate in hand by August, 2006, and three 


years teaching experience in secondary schools. 
Additional Desirable Qualification: Experience with NCATE approved programs. 


Salary and Benefits: Plymouth State University offers a competitive salary and 


comprehensive benefit package. 
Application: Please send (1) a letter of application; (2) a curriculum vitae; (3) 
three current professional letters of recommendation; and (4) a PSU Application 
for Employment available at http://www.plymouth.edu/hr/jobs/. 


Deadline: Full consideration will be given to complete applications received by 
October 3, 2005. Position will remain open until filled. Send all application materials 
to: Plymouth State University, English Education Search, Human Resources, 
MSC #14, 17 High Street, Plymouth, NH 03264. 


Plymouth State University is committed to diversity amongst its faculty, staff and 
students and is an AA/EEO employer; women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in U. S. [R] 


NEW JERSEY 
Drew U 

English, 36 Madison Av Madison NJ 07940 

Assistant Professor of English 1003 

http://www.drew.edu 
Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor in Victorian British and Anglophone 
literatures with competence in post-colonial methodologies. Ph.D. required as 
well as a record of teaching excellence and demonstrated scholarly success/ 
potential. To enrich eduation through diversity, Drew University is AA/EOE. 
Pending funding approval. C.V., writing sample and reference letters to Prof. 
Robert Ready by Nov. 21. [R] 


Fairleigh Dickinson U 

English, 285 Madison Av, M-MS3–01 Madison NJ 07940 

Assistant Professor of English 911 

http://view.fdu.edu/default.aspx?id=37 
Pending budget approval for fall 2006; tenure track; Ph.D. in English required; 
specialty in pre-Romantics or Romantics; secondary specialty in post-colonial or 
world lit or children's lit. We are a small department teaching undergraduates and 
are looking for breadth and flexibility. We value excellent and creative teaching. 
Teaching load is 4 courses/semester (12 credits); we grant 3 credits/semester 
released time for research in first year and then by competitive application. 
Courses will include some intro to literary studies, a specialty course, and a section 
of college writing. Publication in field(s) will be expected for tenure. Salary 
based on experience in mid-upper $40K range. Send letter and vitae (no dossiers 
yet, please) to Martin Green, Acting Chair, English/Communication/ 
Philosophy. [R] 

Montclair SU 

English, Montclair NJ 07043 

Assistant Professor of english 302 

http://english.montclair.edu 
Full-time, tenure-track position in British Victorian literature, with expertise in 
poetry and poetics. Candidates should demonstrate broad knowledge of British 
literature, culture and history of the era. Demonstrated recent successful teaching 
experience with diverse students; experience in use of electronic resources. All 
department members teach first-year writing and literature courses, as well as 
courses in the major. Excellence in research/scholarship and teaching is expected 
as well as active grant seeking and service to department, university, and larger 
professional community. Send letter of application, CV, and three (3) letters of 
recommendation; full dossier will be requested after initial screening. Submit by 
November 15, 2005. Applications should be directed to: Dr. Larry Schwartz, 

Chair, English Dept., Box V-F16 Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ 


07043. 
An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution. Position subject to available 
funding. [R] 


Montclair SU 

English, Montclair NJ 07043 

Professor of English 304 

http://english.montclair.edu 
Montclair State University is pleased to announce the establishment of the Marie 
Frazee Professorship in Contemporary American Literature and Culture for an 
outstanding mid-career scholar and teacher whose work is devoted to the intersections 
of contemporary American literature and culture. Candidates for the 
Professorship should have a decade or more of successful university teaching and 
a record of substantial scholarship in contemporary American literature and culture. 
They must demonstrate a deep commitment both to teaching undergraduate 
students and to mentoring young faculty to support their development as 

literary scholars. The Frazee Professorship will be the centerpiece of an emerging 
departmental focus in contemporary literary study. 
The appointment will be a full-time, tenure-track faculty position at the profes


sor rank. Appointment to the Professorship will be for a five-year term, depending 
upon maintenance of good standing in the faculty appointment, and may be 
renewable. The endowment will provide a graduate assistant and annual support 
for research activities. Nominations or applications for appointment to the Marie 
Frazee Professorship in Contemporary American Literature and Culture should 
include a cover letter, a resume, and at least three letters of support. Review begins 
November 1, 2005 and will continue until the position is filled. All nominations, 
applications, and inquiries should be directed to: Dr. Larry Schwartz, 
Chair, English Dept., Box V-F15, Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ 
07043. 

An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution. [R] 

Montclair SU 

English, Montclair NJ 07043 

Assistant Professor of English 303 

http://english.montclair.edu 
Full-time, tenure-track position in creative writing with primary expertise in the 
writing of poetry and additional expertise in the writing of fiction. We are looking 
for a writer with significant publications, a PhD or MFA, and a record of 
successful teaching in a diverse, multi-ethnic environment at both the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. Demonstrated recent successful teaching experience 
with diverse students; experience in use of electronic resources. All 
department members teach first-year writing and literature courses, as well as 
courses in the major. Excellence in research/scholarship and teaching is expected 
as well as active grant seeking and service to department, university, and larger 
professional community. Send letter of application, CV, and three (3) letters of 
recommendation; full dossier will be requested after initial screening. Submit by 
November 15, 2005. Applications should be directed to: Dr. Larry Schwartz, 

Chair, English Dept., Box V-F17, Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ 
07043. 
An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution. Position subject to avail


able funding. [R] 

New Jersey City U 

English Department, 2039 Kennedy Memorial Blvd Jersey City NJ 07305 

Associate or Assistant Professor 618 

http://www.njcu.edu/ 
The English Department invites applications for a tenure track Associate or Assistant 
Professor with a specialization in Composition and Rhetoric. The 12 
credit per semester load will include courses in the undergraduate major, general 
studies program, and composition. Interest in writing program administration is 
desirable. Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to: student ad-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


visement; curriculum development, committee assignments, service to the University, 
and continued scholarly endeavor. Significant teaching experience required. 
Experience teaching diverse groups preferred. Candidate must have 
earned doctorate by the time of hire. 

In order to be considered for an interview at the MLA convention, candidates 
should submit a curriculum vita and a letter describing teaching experience and 
philosophy, and research interests by December 1, 2005. No applications will be 
considered after this date. 

Interested candidates should send letters of application, curriculum vitae with a 
current e-mail address, and full contact information from three professional references 
to: Liza Fiol-Matta, Dean of Arts and Sciences, New Jersey City University, 
2039 Kennedy Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07305-1597, e-mail submissions 
may be sent to: deancas@njcu.edu 

Applications must be postmarked by December 1, 2005. 
Appointment will begin September 1, 2006. [R] 

Princeton U 

English, 22 McCosh Hall Princeton NJ 08544 

Assistant Professor of English 659 

http://web.princeton.edu/sites/english/new_web/index.htm 
British Poetry, from the 1830s to the present, with strengths in Victorian and/or 
Modern Poetry. Tenure-track position to begin in fall 2006. Please send job letter, 
vita, dissertation abstract, teaching philosophy statement, and dossier to 
Diana Fuss, Acting Chair, English Department, Princeton University, Princeton, 

N.J. 08544. Postmark deadline November 1. 
Princeton U 

English, 22 McCosh Hall Princeton NJ 08544 

Assistant Professor of English 676 

http://web.princeton.edu/sites/english/new_web/index.htm 
We welcome applicants with one or more of the following interests: visual studies 
(film or media), cultural studies, performance studies, world literature in English, 
or any other areas that will expand our department offerings. Tenure-track 
position to begin in fall 2006. Send job letter, vita, dissertation abstract, teaching 
philosophy statement, and dossier to Diana Fuss, Acting Chair, English Department, 
Princeton University, Princeton, N.J. 08544. Postmark deadline November 
1. 

Rider U 

English, 2083 Lawrenceville Rd Lawrenceville NJ 08648 

FACULTY-ENGLISH-Creative Non-Fiction 51 

http://www.rider.edu 
think Rider for Career Opportunities 
The English Department at Rider University invites applications for a tenure-

track positions at the rank of Assistant Professor in Creative Non-fiction, starting 
Fall 2006. Candidates should have a MFA or PhD in Writing, English, or Comparative 
Literature at the time of appointment. The successful candidate should 
have significant publications in creative non-fiction. Teaching load of six sections 
a year may include upper level writing courses, contemporary American literature, 
core literature courses, and composition courses. Candidates should be 
committed to teaching and advising undergraduates. Position #: 245108 

Send letter of application, vita, thesis/dissertation description, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Manager of Employment, Rider University, 
2083 Lawrenceville Road, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 or Jobs@rider.edu. 
Review of applications will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until position 
is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention 
in December 2005. 

Rider University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and does 
not discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, 
religion, or any other non-job related criteria. 

Visit Rider on the Internet: www.rider.edu. 

Rider U 

English, 2083 Lawrenceville Rd Lawrenceville NJ 08648 

FACULTY-ENGLISH-17th-century Literature 52 

http://www.rider.edu 
think Rider for Career Opportunities 
The English Department at Rider University invites applications for a tenure-

track positions at the rank of Assistant Professor in 17th-centure Literature, starting 
Fall 2006. Candidates should have a PhD in English at the time of 
appointment. The successful candidate will teach six sections a year, which may 
include upper-level literature courses, 17th-century literature, Milton, core literature 
courses, and composition courses. Candidates should be committed to 
teaching and advising undergraduates. Position #: 245106 

Send letter of application, vita, thesis/dissertation description, writing sample, 
and three letters of recommendation to: Manager of Employment, Rider University, 
2083 Lawrenceville Road, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 or Jobs@rider.edu. 
Review of applications will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until position 
is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention 
in December 2005. 

Rider University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and does 
not discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, 
religion, or any other non-job related criteria. 

Visit Rider on the Internet: www.rider.edu 

Rutgers U 

English, 311 N Fifth St Camden NJ 08102 

Assistant Professor of English 593 

http://www.camden.rutgers.edu 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure track, at Rutgers, the State University of 
New Jersey, campus at Camden. Primary field rhetoric and the teaching of writ


ing, with some expertise in digital writing and writing for multimedia. Candidates 
must show potential for significant scholarship. 
The Department of English at Camden has 16 full-time members, with respon


sibility for instruction in film, journalism, and linguistics, in addition to literature 
and writing. The successful candidate will assume an important role in the 
Teaching of Writing track in our Master's program, and he or she should expect 
to offer undergraduate courses regularly in an additional area or areas. Editing 
and publishing, film, ethnic literatures, and World Masterpieces (Homer through 
Dante) represent important current needs. The teaching load for assistant professors 
alternates, annually, between 2/2 and 2/3. 

Salary is competitive with salaries at major research institutions. The position begins 
in September 2006, when the Ph. D. must be in hand. Send vita and letter 
detailing interests in teaching, research, and service to Timothy Martin, Search 
Committee, Department of English, Rutgers University, 311 N. 5th St., Cam-
den NJ 08102 by November 15. We will request dossiers for candidates in 
whom we are interested and will interview at MLA. Women and minorities are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Rutgers is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer. [R] 

Rutgers U 

English, 311 N Fifth St Camden NJ 08102 

Professor/Associate Professors of Childhood Studies 595 

http://www.camden.rutgers.edu 
3 Professors/Associate Professors, for a new program in Childhood Studies, beginning 
in fall of 2006, at the Camden campus of Rutgers, the State University 
of New Jersey. Now in the final stages of development, with formal approval by 
the University Board of Governors anticipated in the fall of 2005, the program 
will offer the Ph.D., M.A., and B.A. degrees and will be housed in a new Department 
of Childhood Studies. We seek three interdisciplinary scholars studying 
children to structure and lead the new program, which seeks to reshape the study 
of the child by bridging disciplinary boundaries. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Candidates for these positions must be outstanding scholars, with established research 
projects focusing on children. Disciplinary affiliation is of less importance 
than the quality of candidates' research and an advocacy of interdisciplinary approaches 
to the study of children; in addition to scholars of literature, applications 
from anthropologists, economists, criminologists, historians, psychologists, 
philosophers, and sociologists are welcome. Salary is competitive with salaries at 
major research institutions. 

Rutgers-Camden is a vibrant, beautiful, urban campus which is expanding to accommodate 
the growth of Southern New Jersey. Camden is a city with an extraordinarily 
large population of children and is located just across the Delaware 
River from Philadelphia. 

Inquiries and applications (a letter, CV, and 3 letters of recommendation) may be 
directed to Dr. Daniel Hart (Daniel.Hart@Rutgers.edu). [R] 

Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor of English 815 

http://english.rutgers.edu 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks a tenure-track 
assistant professor in nineteenth-century British literature. Send application letter 
and curriculum vitae postmarked not later than October 24th to Richard E. 
Miller, Chair, Department of English, Rutgers University, Murray Hall, 510 
George Street, New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1167. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 

Rutgers U 

English, 510 George St New Brunswick NJ 08901 

Assistant Professor of English 820 

http://english.rutgers.edu 
The Department of English at Rutgers (New Brunswick) seeks an assistant professor 
in American literature, colonial period through WWI, field open. We 
would prefer someone whose area of specialization begins after the Civil War 
and extends into the twentieth century. However, we also have teaching needs in 
colonial and antebellum literature and welcome all interesting applications, especially 
from mid-level assistant professors with some years of teaching experience 
and significant publications. Send application letter and curriculum vitae postmarked 
not later than October 24th to Richard E. Miller, Chair, Department of 
English, Rutgers University, Murray Hall, 510 George Street, New Brunswick, 
NJ 08901-1167. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

NEW YORK 
Alfred U 

English Div, Saxon Dr Alfred NY 14802 

Creative Writing-Poetry 411 

http://www.alfred.edu 
Creative Writing-Poetry. Assistant Professor or Instructor of English for tenure-
track appointment to begin 8/06. (Pending budgetary approval.) Secondary interests 
open, but may include playwriting, screenwriting, creative non-fiction, 
and the novel. Applicants should also indicate what literature courses they are 
qualified to teach. MFA or Ph.D. required. Salary and rank commensurate with 
qualifications. Teach three 4-credit courses/semester, which may include one introductory 
literature course, one creative writing course, and one freshman composition 
section. Candidates should have a strong commitment to teaching at the 
undergraduate level and the potential for publication. Please send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation to Michael Mc-
Donough, Chair, Division of English, 1 Saxon Drive, Alfred University, Alfred, 


NY 14802. Consideration of applications will begin on November 7, 2005, and 
continue until the position is filled. 
AA/EOE. [R] 


Baruch C, CUNY 

English, 1 Bernard Baruch Way New York NY 10010 

Writing Program Director 95 

http://www.baruch.cuny.edu 
Baruch College, a senior college within the City University of New York with 
one of the most diverse student populations of any college in the United States, 
is seeking a writing director (tenure track, rank open) with administrative experience 
and vision to assume overall supervision of the writing program beginning 
in September 2006. Responsibilities include hiring, scheduling, and supervising 
adjunct faculty; planning and revising curricula and syllabi of two freshman writing 
courses; liaison with the ESL supervisor, the Great Works coordinator, and 
the chief reader of placement exams; and responsibility for initiatives in faculty 
development and writing-across-the-curriculum, both within the college and 
within the CUNY system. Applicants must have expertise in and experience 
with supervising writing programs. Candidates will be expected to maintain an 
active program of published scholarly research in composition and must have excellent 
teaching skills. A Ph.D. is required, preferably in Rhetoric and Composition, 
or a related discipline. Salary will be commensurate with experience. 
Excellent benefits are provided. Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, 
three letters of recommendation, and publication samples by December 1, 2005, 
to Professor John Todd, Chair, Department of English, Box B7–240, One 
Bernard Baruch Way, New York, N.Y. 10010. [R] 

Brooklyn C, CUNY 

English, 2900 Bedford Av Brook lyn NY 11210 

Assistant Professor 734 

http://www.brooklyn.cuny.edu 
Assistant Professor in Diaspora Studies to teach electives and composition and 
humanities core courses. Candidates will have an interest in and knowledge of 
interdisciplinary and theoretical approaches to the recent wealth of novels, 
poems, utobiographies, plays, and films that reflect the tension of cultures in 
conflict and in transformation. Please send Curriculum Vitae, three (3) letters of 
recommendation and writing sample(s) or research paper(s) to: Michael T. Hewitt, 
Assistant Vice President for Human Resource Services, Brooklyn College, 
2900 Bedford Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11210-2889. Review of applications 
will begin on November 1, 2005, and continue until the position is filled. 
For additional information please see http://www.brooklyn.cuny.edu. Brooklyn 
College is actively building a diverse academic community that fosters an inclusive 
environment and therefore encourages a broad spectrum of candidates-including 
women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans-to apply. 
AA/EO/ADA/IRCA Employer [R] 

C of Saint Rose 

English, 432 Western Av Albany NY 12203 

Assistant Professor of English 863 

http://www.strose.edu 
Tenure track position in English, beginning August 2006. Candidate must have 
an earned doctorate in British literature with specialization in either Medieval or 
Renaissance/Early Modern literatures, and the ability to teach across both periods. 
All English faculty are expected to teach liberal education courses including 
composition. Send letter of application and dossier including c.v., unofficial copy 
of transcript(s), and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Leslie Lewis, English 

Department Chair, The College of Saint Rose, 432 Western Ave., Albany, NY 
12203. Postmark deadline November 15, 2005 for MLA interview. 
The College of Saint Rose is an AA/EEO/ADA employer. It actively and ener


getically seeks to recruit a more diverse faculty, staff, and administration by encouraging 
applications from women, African, Latino, Asian, and Native 
American American candidates. The College provides equal employment and 
educational opportunity for all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, 
gender, religion, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, 
or status as a veteran. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


CUNY, Bronx Comm C 

English, W 181 St & University Blvd Bronx NY 10453 

Assistant Professor of English/ESL 289 

http://www.bcc.cuny.edu 
Assistant Professor: Two tenure-track positions available for Academic Year 
2006–2007. To teach undergraduate courses in composition, developmental 
writing, or ESL and literature electives, as well as participate in service to active 
department and college, student advisement, and scholarly activity. For Assistant 
Professor, an earned doctorate in composition and rhetoric, English, applied linguistics, 
comparative literature, or related field required; experience teaching college 
students in an urban setting; evidence of professional activity/publications. 


Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Assistant Professor: 
$35,031-$56,014 
Screening for interviews will begin February 2006. 
Send cover letter and c.v. by January 15, 2005 to: Frederick L. De Naples, Ph.D., 


English Department Chairperson, Bronx Community College, W. 181st Street 
and University Boulevard, Bronx, New York 10453, frederick.denaples@bcc 
.cuny.edu 


CUNY, Bronx Comm C 

English, W 181 St & University Blvd Bronx NY 10453 

Lecturer of English/ESL 290 

http://www.bcc.cuny.edu 
Lecturer: Two tenure-track positions available for Academic Year 2006–2007. To 
teach undergraduate courses in composition, developmental writing, or ESL and 
literature electives, as well as participate in service to active department and college, 
student advisement, and scholarly activity. For Lecturer, an earned Master's 
in composition and rhetoric, English, applied linguistics, comparative literature, 
or related field required; experience teaching college students in an urban set


ting. Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Lecturer: 
$32,997-$53,113. 
Screening for interviews will begin February 2006. 
Send cover letter and c.v. by January 15, 2005 to: Frederick L. De Naples, Ph.D., 


English Department Chairperson, Bronx Community College, W. 181st Street 
and University Boulevard, Bronx, New York 10453, frederick.denaples@bcc 
.cuny.edu 


Columbia U 

English & Comp Lit, 1150 Amsterdam Av, MC 4927 New York NY 10027 

Assistant Professor of English and Comparative Literature 876 

http://www.columbia.edu/cu/english 
The Department of English and Comparative Literature invites applications for 
an entry level, tenure-track assistant professorship in the field of Asian-American 
studies. We are particularly interested in comparative and transnational approaches 
(as well as in migration and globalization studies). Ph.D. must be in 
hand by July 1, 2006. In addition to teaching in the area of expertise, the successful 
candidate will teach in Columbia's core curriculum. Please send a cover 
letter, c.v., dossier, dissertation abstract, and a writing sample of 25 pages to 
Search Committee Chair, Department of English and Comparative Literature, 
Columbia University, 602 Philosophy Hall, MC 4927, 1150 Amsterdam Avenue, 
New York, NY 10027. Applications must be postmarked no later than November 
1. Columbia University is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer, 
and women and minorities are especially encouraged to apply. [R] 

Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing 462 

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/english 
Full-time Tenure Track Assistant Professor in Creative Writing. The Department 
of English is seeking a fiction writer to serve on the graduate faculty in the field 
of creative writing/fiction and to teach both graduate (MFA/Fiction) and undergraduate 
writing courses (optionally, the professor may also teach courses in literature 
or cultural studies, including courses constructed especially to meet the 
needs of MFA students). Position begins August 2006. Applicants should have an 
MFA degree (or other appropriate university degree) as well as teaching experience 
and a record of published fiction (short stories or a novel). The teaching 
load is 2 courses per semester. Please submit a letter of application, c.v., dossier, 
and writing sample to Creative Writing Search Committee, Department of English, 
256 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853-3201. 
Deadline: November 1. Cornell is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer. [R] 

Cornell U 

English, East Av, 250 Goldwin Smith Hall Ithaca NY 14853 

Assistant or Associate Professor, African-American Literature 777 

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/english 
The Cornell Department of English invites applications and nominations for a 
Full-Time Tenure Track Assistant or beginning Associate Professorship. We require 
a primary commitment to teaching, publishing, and directing research in 
African-American literature and culture. Position begins August 2006. Please 
send a letter of application, c.v., dossier, and writing sample to African-American 
Search Committee, Department of English, 256 Goldwin Smith Hall, Cornell 
University, Ithaca, NY, 14853-3201, attention: Hortense Spillers. Deadline: October 
15. Cornell is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. [R] 

Cornell U 

Theatre, Film & Dance, 430 College Avenue Ithaca NY 14853 

Assistant Professor of Theatre Studies/Dramatic Literature 110 

http://www.arts.cornell.edu/theatrearts 
Cornell University invites applications for two assistant professor positions to 
begin July 1, 2006. Primary appointment will be in either the Department of 
English or the Department of Theatre, Film & Dance (TFD). Ph.D. required 
and specialization in one or more areas including, but not limited to: modern 
and/or contemporary British, American, or European drama; intercultural and 
Anglophone drama; Medieval and/or Renaissance drama; world theatre; theatre 
history; performance studies. Research and teaching at the intersections of theatre/
drama/performance and critical theory; race and ethnic or diaspora studies; 
gender studies; postcolonial studies welcome. Responsibilities of both positions 
include teaching two courses per semester at the undergraduate and/or graduate 
level, a record of scholarship at the national and/or international level, advising 
undergraduate and graduate students, and active participation in departmental 
activities. The appointment in TFD requires teaching the undergraduate sequence 
in world theatre. Please send TWO sets of application materials: cover 
letter, c.v., dossier, writing samples (maximum 30 pages please), dissertation abstract 
(where applicable) and two sample syllabi to Professor Kent Goetz, Chair, 
Department of Theatre, Film & Dance, 430 College Ave., Ithaca, NY 14850. 
No electronic submissions, please. Review of candidates begins on October 15, 
2005. Cornell University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 
and Educator. http://www.arts.cornell.edu/english/& http://www.arts.cornell 
.edu/theatrearts/ 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Fordham U 

English, 441 E Fordham Rd Bronx NY 10458 

Associate or Full Professor, Medievalist 717 

http://www.fordham.edu/english 
The Fordham English Department invites applications for a medievalist with 
focus on the literature of the early medieval period (11th to 13th centuries, conceived 
as broadly as possible). Possible specializations might include, but are not 
limited to, Anglo-Norman or romance. The position is located at our Rose Hill 
(Bronx) campus. Please send letter and CV by November 10 to Hiring Committee 
Chair, Dept of English, Fordham University, Bronx, NY 10458. Fordham is 
an independent, Catholic university in the Jesuit tradition that welcomes applications 
from men and women of all backgrounds. Fordham is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action employer. [R] 

Hamilton C 

English, 198 College Hill Road Clinton NY 13323 

Postcolonial Literature 364 

http://www.hamilton.edu 
Hamilton College invites applications for a tenure-track position in the English 
Department to teach postcolonial literature. This is an open-rank search: while 
an entry-level appointment is likely, appointment at higher ranks is possible and 
senior scholars are encouraged to apply. The position begins on July 1, 2006. 
Teaching load is five courses annually: a section of introduction to literary study, 
a genre course (the novel, poetry, or drama), and advanced courses, including a 
senior seminar. Participation in a college-wide program of interdisciplinary 
courses for sophomores is a possibility. Ph.D. by August 2006 preferred. Hamilton 
is a liberal arts college that values excellence in teaching and in scholarly 
publication. Extensive support for faculty research, including start-up funding, is 
available. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention in Washington, 

D.C. Please send vita and a letter of application describing teaching philosophy 
and focus of research by October 28, 2005 to Vincent Odamtten, Postcolonial 
Search Committee, Hamilton College, 198 College Hill Road, Clinton, NY 
13323. Hamilton is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer and is 
committed to diversity in all areas of the campus community. [R] 
Hamilton C 

English, 198 College Hill Road Clinton NY 13323 

Middle English Literature 423 

http://www.hamilton.edu 
Hamilton College invites applications for a tenure-track position in the English 
Department to teach primarily Middle English literature. This is an open-rank 
search: while an entry-level appointment is likely, appointment at higher ranks is 
possible and senior scholars are encouraged to apply. The position begins on 
July 1, 2006. Teaching load is five courses annually and includes Chaucer, Old 
English alternating with History of the Language, at least one advanced course 
or senior seminar in Middle English literature, and one or two sections of introduction 
to literary study. Participation in a college-wide program of interdisciplinary 
courses for sophomores is a possibility. Ph.D. by August 2006 preferred. 
Hamilton is a liberal arts college that values excellence in teaching and in scholarly 
publication. Extensive support for faculty research, including start-up fund


ing, is available. Interviews will be conducted at the MLA convention in 
Washington, D.C. 
Please send vita and a letter of application describing teaching philosophy and 

focus of research by October 28, 2005 to Nathaniel Strout, Medievalist Search 
Committee, Hamilton College, 198 College Hill Road, Clinton, NY 13323. 
Hamilton is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer and is committed 
to diversity in all areas of the campus community. [R] 

Ithaca C 

English, 303 Muller Faculty Center Ithaca NY 14850 

Assistant Professor—English 345 

http://www.icjobs.org 
Ithaca College, School of Humanities and Sciences, Department of English, invites 
applications for a full-time, tenure-eligible position in world/post colonial 
literatures, beginning August 16, 2006. Candidates will also have the opportunity 
to teach courses in World Literature to graduate students in MAT program. 
Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or related field and teaching experience required. 
Visit our website www.icjobs.org for more information and to apply. 
Questions about online application, call (607) 274-1207. Interviews will be held 
at the MLA Convention in Washington, D.C. Ithaca College is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Members of underrepresented groups (including 
persons of color, persons with disabilities, military veterans and women) 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ithaca C 

English, 303 Muller Faculty Center Ithaca NY 14850 

Assistant Professor—English 349 

http://www.icjobs.org 
Ithaca College, School of Humanities and Sciences, Department of English, invites 
applications for a full-time, tenure-eligible position in British modern literature, 
beginning August 16, 2006. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English or related 
field and teaching experience required. Visit our website www.icjobs.org for 
more information and to apply. Questions about online application, call (607) 
274-1207. Interviews will be held at the MLA Convention in Washington, D.C. 
Ithaca College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Members 
of underrepresented groups (including people of color, persons with disabilities, 
military veterans and women) are encouraged to apply. [R] 

LeMoyne C 

English, 1419 Salt Springs Rd Syracuse NY 13214 

Assistant Professor of English 203 

http://lemoyne.edu 
The Le Moyne College English Department seeks applications for a tenure-track 
position in medieval studies. In addition to courses in the applicant's specialty, the 
teaching load will include courses in the core, including ENG 100 (a critical 
writing course for all first-year students), and major requirements. Ph.D. re


quired; evidence of excellent teaching and scholarly promise. 6 courses/academic 
year; salary competitive; position begins August 2006. 
Please send electronically a letter of application, vita, and statement of teaching 

philosophy to Prof. J. Christopher Warner, Medieval Literature Position Search 
Committee Chair, English Dept. at lemoynehr@lemoyne.edu (please write 
"Medieval Literature Position" on the subject line). Materials must be received 
by Nov. 15, 2005. Le Moyne College is an equal opportunity employer and encourages 
women, persons of color, and Jesuits to apply for employment. 

LeMoyne C 

English, 1419 Salt Springs Rd Syracuse NY 13214 

Assistant Professor of English 204 

http://lemoyne.edu 
The Le Moyne College English Department seeks applications for a tenure-track 
position in contemporary global Anglophone literature, excluding Irish. In addition 
to courses in the applicant's specialty, the teaching load will include courses 
in the core, including ENG 100 (a critical writing course for all first-year students), 
and major requirements. Ph.D. required; evidence of excellent teaching 

and scholarly promise. 6 courses/academic year; salary competitive; position begins 
August 2006. 
Please send electronically a letter of application, vita, and statement of teaching 

philosophy to Prof. Phillip Novak, Anglophone Literature Position Search Com-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


mittee Chair, English Dept. at lemoynehr@lemoyne.edu (please write "Anglophone 
Literature Position" on the subject line). Materials must be received by 
Nov. 15, 2005. Le Moyne College is an equal opportunity employer and encourages 
women, persons of color, and Jesuits to apply for employment. 

Long Island U 

English, 720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 559 

http://www.cwpost.liu.edu/cwis/cwp/clas/english/english.htm 
LIU, C W Post, 720 Northern Blvd, English, Greenvale NY 11548-1300. Probable 
tenure-line asst. or assoc. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. 
Field: American studies with ability to assume direction of an interdisciplinary 
program. Scholarly publications required. Duties to include administration of 
newly approved major, but the successful candidate will have teaching duties in 
the English Department and should be prepared to teach the full range of American 
literature in survey form. To begin September 2006. Salary and teaching 
load: competitive. e-mail applications preferred and acknowledged by return 
e-mail; surface mail applications acknowledged if return postcard is provided. By 
01 November 2005, send cover letter and CV to Edmund Miller, Chair. Please 
do not send copies of publications or letters of reference at this time. Interviews 
at MLA Convention. edmund.miller@liu.edu [R] 

Long Island U 

English, 720 Northern Blvd Brookville NY 11548 

Assistant Professor of English 560 

http://www.cwpost.liu.edu/cwis/cwp/clas/english/english.htm 
LIU, C W Post, 720 Northern Blvd, English, Greenvale NY 11548-1300. Probable 
tenure-line asst. prof. with Ph.D. in hand at time of appointment. Field: 
Victorian poetry and non-fiction. Scholarly publications required. To begin September 
2006. Salary and teaching load: competitive. e-mail applications preferred 
and acknowledged by return e-mail; surface mail applications acknowledged if 
return postcard is provided. By 01 November 2005, send cover letter and CV to 
Edmund Miller, Chair. Please do not send copies of publications or letters of reference 
at this time. Interviews at MLA Convention. edmund.miller@liu 
.edu [R] 

Nazareth C of Rochester 

English, 4245 East Av Rochester NY 14618 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Communication and Rhetoric 582 

http://www.naz.edu/dept/hr/faculty.html 
PhD in Communication or Rhetoric to contribute to the development of a new 
program in Communication and Rhetoric within the English Department. In 
addition to Composition and Rhetoric, teaching opportunities include courses 
in Mass Communication and Media, Journalism, Communication Ethics and 
Law, and Multimedia and Graphic Design. Successful candidate will have college-
level teaching experience, scholarly publication and/or professional experience 
in several of the above fields, and an educational philosophy consistent with 
the values of a liberal arts institution. Candidate will participate in program development 
and future hiring, as we expand a strong existing program in Rhetoric 
and Technical Communication. Interviews will be conducted at both the 
NCA and MLA Conventions. Letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three 
letters of recommendation by Oct. 28 to Ed Wiltse, English Department, 
Nazareth College, 4245 East Avenue, Rochester, NY 14618. EOE/AA [R] 

New York U 

Department of English, 19 University Place, Fifth Floor New York NY 10003 

Assistant Professor—American Literature 

http://www.nyu.edu 
Faculty of Arts and Science 
The Department of English in the Faculty of Arts and Science at New York 

University invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor to start September 1, 2006, pending final administrative and budgetary 
approval. We seek a specialist in any period of American literature from the beginning 
through 1930, and are especially interested in those candidates whose 
focus lies after 1850. A strong commitment to teaching literature at the graduate 
and undergraduate levels is essential. 

Please send letter of application, CV and (under separate cover) three letters of 
recommendation, by November 15, 2005, to: Professor Una Chaudhuri, Chair 
Junior Americanist Search Committee, Department of English, Faculty of Arts 
and Science, New York University, 19 University Place, 5th Floor, New York 
NY 10003. All applications will be acknowledged. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

New York U 

Department of Social and Cultural Analysis, 41 East 11th Street New York 
NY 10003 

Tenured or Tenured-Track Appointment in Transnational Feminism 

http://www.nyu.edu 
Faculty of Arts and Science 
The new Department of Social and Cultural Analysis in the Faculty of Arts and 

Science at New York University seeks to appoint a scholar of transnational feminism 
as either an Assistant Professor or Associate Professor to begin September 1, 
2006, pending budgetary and administrative approval. The Department invites 
applications from the full range of social science and humanities disciplines, giving 
most serious consideration to candidates working across traditional disciplinary 
boundaries. This position entails service primarily in the Department's 
Gender and Sexuality Studies Program, but we are especially interested in candidates 
whose intellectual projects overlap with those of our Programs in Africana 
Studies, Asian/Pacific/American Studies, and/or Latino Studies. Untenured applicants 
must have Ph.D. in hand by July 1, 2006. 

Send letter of application, cv, writing sample (an article-length essay or a chapter 
or section of a book or book manuscript) and the names of three references to: 
Professor Phillip Brian Harper, Chair, Department of Social and Cultural Analysis, 
Faculty of Arts and Science, New York University, 41 East 11th Street, 7th 
Floor, New York, NY 10003-4602. Review of applications will begin November 
15, 2005 and continue until the position is filled. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

New York U 

Department of English, 19 University Place, Fifth Floor New York NY 10003 

Associate or Full Professors 477 

http://www.nyu.edu 
Faculty of Arts And Science 
Over the next two years, the Department of English in the Faculty of Arts and 

Science at New York University seeks to fill four new tenured faculty lines. We 
invite applications from already tenured scholars at the rank of Associate or Full 
Professor working in any field of literary and language studies. Positions are to 
begin September 1, 2006 and September 1, 2007, pending final administrative 
and budgetary approval. We particularly seek prominent mid-career scholars at 
the Associate or early Full Professor level who are devising new practices for the 
study of literary forms and genres, or who are working at such intersections of 
existing methodologies as nationalisms and alternative historicisms, book studies 
and sociology of reading, aesthetics and cognitive theory, digital technologies and 
literary studies, English and multilingualism, word and image studies, transatlantic 
literary relations, material and performance cultures. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Review of applications will be ongoing. Please send letter of application, curriculum 
vitae, and the names of three references to: The Incremental Hiring Committee, 
Department of English, Faculty of Arts and Science, New York 
University, 19 University Place, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10003. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

New York U 

Department of English, 19 University Place, Fifth Floor New York NY 10003 

Assistant Professor, Anglophone Literature 827 

http://www.nyu.edu 
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY 
Faculty of Arts and Science 
The Department of English in the Faculty of Arts and Science at New York 

University invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor specializing in Anglophone Literature and Postcolonial Theory to start 
September 1, 2006, pending final administrative and budgetary approval. Within 
this field, the Department would be particularly interested in applications from 
candidates with interests in Caribbean, South Asian or West African Literature. 
Commitment to teaching literature at the graduate and undergraduate levels is 
essential. 

Please send letter of application, CV, and (under separate cover) three letters of 
recommendation, by November 15, 2005, to: Professor Robert JC Young, Chair 
of the Anglophone Search Committee, Department of English, Faculty of Arts 
and Science, New York University, 19 University Place, 5th Floor, New York, 
NY 10003. All applications will be acknowledged. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

New York U 

Department of English, 19 University Place, Fifth Floor New York NY 10003 

Associate or Full Professor 852 

http://www.nyu.edu 
Faculty of Arts and Science 
The Department of English in the Faculty of Arts and Science at New York 

University invites applications for a tenured position at the rank of advanced Associate 
or full Professor specializing in any area of MEDIEVAL ENGLISH LITERATURE 
AND CULTURE, 1200 to 1500, to start September 1, 2006, 
pending final administrative and budgetary approval. Applicants should have 
well-established records as internationally recognized scholars. Commitment to 
teaching literature at the graduate and undergraduate levels is essential. 

Please send a letter of application, CV, and names of three references by 
October 15, 2005, to: Professor John Maynard, Chair of Medieval Search Committee, 
Department of English, Faculty of Arts and Science, New York University, 
19 University Place, Fifth Floor, New York, NY 10003. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 281 

http://www.qc.edu/English 
We seek applicants for two tenure-track positions with specializations in transnational 
and comparativist approaches to American Literatures and Cultures to start 
fall 2006. We have a particular interest in candidates specializing in 18th/19th 
century African-American literature, 20th century African-American literature, 
Asian-American literature, Latina/Latino literature, the Black Atlantic, or diaspora 
studies. Continued research and publication expected. PhD required by appointment 
date as well as demonstrated excellence in scholarship and teaching. 
3/3 teaching load, undergraduate and graduate courses. Salary range $35,031$
61,111 commensurate with experience. Excellent benefits. Send letter of application, 
vita, and dossier with at least three current letters by Dec. 1, 2005 to 
Nancy R. Comley, Chair, Department of English, Queens College, CUNY, 
Flushing, NY 11367. AA/EOE/ADA [R] 

Queens C, CUNY 

English, 65–30 Kissena Blvd Flushing NY 11367 

Assistant Professor of English 284 

http://www.qc.edu/English 
We seek applicants for a tenure-track position in Children's and Young Adult 
Literature. Candidates should be well-grounded in the history of children's literature; 
to teach undergraduate and master's level courses. Area within children's literature 
is open, but we particularly seek candidates who work on American 
literature. Continued research and publication expected. PhD required at time of 
appointment as well as demonstrated excellence in scholarship and teaching. 3/3 
course load. Salary range $35,031-$61,111 commensurate with experience. Excellent 
benefits. Send letter of application, vita and dossier with at least three current 
letters by Dec. 1, 2005 to Nancy R. Comley, Chair, Department of English, 
Queens College, CUNY, Flushing, NY 11367. AA/EOE/ADA [R] 

Rensselaer Polytechnic Inst 

Lang, Lit, & Communication, 110 Eighth St Troy NY 12180 

Open Rank 680 

http://www.llc.rpi.edu 
The Department of Language, Literature and Communication seeks a strong 
scholar/researcher in rhetoric & composition, technical communication, and/or 
technology & digital media with expertise in technological support for writing. 
The successful candidate will provide intellectual leadership for the development 
of a new Center for Communicative Performance and have a research agenda relating 
technology to communicative performance. A junior candidate should 

show evidence of strong promise in teaching and scholarship and a senior candidate 
should have a strong record in teaching and scholarship. 
The successful candidate will join an interdisciplinary faculty conducting state


of-the-art research on communication in technologically-mediated contexts in 
areas such as human-computer interaction, digital rhetoric, technical communication, 
media studies, and graphic design. The department offers one of the top-
ranked PhDs in Communication and Rhetoric; pioneered a joint BS in 
Electronic Media, Arts, and Communication; has just launched a new MS in 
Human-Computer Interaction; supports a newly expanded communication requirement; 
and is collaborating on a new degree in game studies. Faculty and 
students have access to the Social and Behavioral Laboratory (http://www 
.sbrl.rpi.edu) and other Institute research facilities. More information about the 
department is available at http://www.llc.rpi.edu. 

Appointment begins August 15, 2006. Review of applications will begin November 
5, 2005 and will continue until suitable candidates are identified. Application 
letter, current c.v., writing samples, and three letters of recommendation 
should be sent to: Alan Nadel, Search Committee Chair, Department of Language, 
Literature, and Communication, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, 110 8th 
Street, Troy, NY 12180, Email: nadela@rpi.edu, Telephone: (518) 276-8264, 
Fax: (518) 276-4092 [R] 

Rochester Inst of Tech 

Lang & Lit, 92 Lomb Memorial Dr Rochester NY 14623 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 479 

http://www.rit.edu/~langlit 
The Department of Language and Literature invites applicants for a tenure-track 
position beginning September 2006, specializing in Rhetoric and Composition, 
and Writing Program Administration. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition (or 
equivalent) required. The duties of this position will include coordinating the 
first-year writing program, scheduling courses, hiring and supervising composition 
faculty, and teaching introductory and advanced courses. Extensive experience 
and demonstrable success in teaching are expected; additional experience in 
curricular design and in WAC or WID programs highly desirable. All candidates 
are expected to have a strong research agenda. Salary competitive and teaching 
responsibilities are negotiable. Interviews at the MLA convention. Please send 
letter of application, curriculum vita, and dossier to Janet Zandy, Chair, Department 
of Language and Literature, College of Liberal Arts, Rochester Institute of 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Technology, 92 Lomb Memorial Drive, Rochester, NY 14623-5604. Review of 
credentials will begin on November 1. RIT is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer looking for individuals with an ability to contribute in meaningful 
ways to the Institute's commitment to cultural diversity and pluralism. 
[R] 

SU of New York 

English, 1400 Washington Av Albany NY 12222 

Assistant Professor of English 798 

http://albany.edu/english/index.htm 
The Department of English of the University at Albany (SUNY) invites applications 
for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position in Renaissance/early modern 
English drama/poetry/prose (ca. 1485–1660), preferably with emphasis on early 
modern transnationalism, globalism, or the politics of cultural exchange. Candidates 
should show evidence of successful teaching and significant scholarly potential, 
as well as a demonstrated ability to work with and instruct culturally 
diverse groups of people. Finalists will be asked to present a paper or demonstration. 
Salary commensurate with experience; position contingent on final budget 
approval. Ph.D. required by September 2006. Send letter of application, c.v., letters 
of reference, and a writing sample, postmarked by November 4, 2005. Apply 
to Professor Richard Barney, Chair, Search Committee, HU 333, Dept. of English, 
The University at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany, NY 12222. 
The University at Albany is an EO/AA/IRCA/ADA employer. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor, Creative Writing, Fiction 669 

http://www.brockport.edu/English 
Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, advisement of majors, service to the department and 
college, and direction of MA theses. Required: MFA or Ph.D. in English; a 
record of teaching success; significant publication in fiction with demonstrable 
secondary expertise in either poetry or creative nonfiction; evidence of potential 
for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity of the curriculum, 
student body or faculty through teaching/mentoring or research activities. 
SUNY Brockport is a comprehensive college of approximately 9,000 students 
located in the village of Brockport on the Erie Canal, minutes from the city of 
Rochester. English is a dynamic and productive department of 20 full-time and 
20 part-time faculty with more than 300 majors, an active creative writing program, 
and an MA program. Please submit a letter of application, vita, transcript 
of highest degree earned, and three letters of reference to: Ms. Adrienne Collier, 
Affirmative Action Office, SUNY Brockport, 350 New Campus Drive, Brockport, 
NY 14420-2929. Applicants are encouraged to apply by October 31 for 
early consideration; we will continue accepting applications until the position is 
filled. Search is contingent on final budgetary approval. SUNY Brockport is an 
AA/EOE employer. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor, Film Studies 671 

http://www.brockport.edu/English 
Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, advisement of majors, service to the department and 
college, and direction of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English or Film Studies; 
a record of teaching success; a record of scholarship in Film Studies; evidence of 
potential for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity of 
the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/mentoring or research 
activities . SUNY Brockport is a comprehensive college of approximately 9,000 
students located in the village of Brockport on the Erie Canal, minutes from the 
city of Rochester. English is a dynamic and productive department of 20 full-
time and 20 part-time faculty with more than 300 majors, an active creative 
writing program, and an MA program. Please submit a letter of application, vita, 
transcript of highest degree earned, and three letters of reference to: Ms. Adri


enne Collier, Affirmative Action Office, SUNY Brockport, 350 New Campus 
Drive, Brockport, NY 14420-2929. Applicants are encouraged to apply by October 
31 for early consideration; we will continue accepting applications until 
the position is filled. Search is contingent on final budgetary approval. SUNY 
Brockport is an AA/EOE employer. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor, Early World Literature 665 

http://www.brockport.edu/English 
Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, advisement of majors, service to the department and 
college, and direction of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English or Comparative 
Literature; a record of teaching success; a record of scholarship in early World 
Literature including expertise in at least one non-Western literature; evidence of 
potential for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity of 
the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/mentoring or research 
activities . SUNY Brockport is a comprehensive college of approximately 9,000 
students located in the village of Brockport on the Erie Canal, minutes from the 
city of Rochester. English is a dynamic and productive department of 20 full-
time and 20 part-time faculty with more than 300 majors, an active creative 
writing program, and an MA program. Please submit a letter of application, vita, 
transcript of highest degree earned, and three letters of reference to: Ms. Adrienne 
Collier, Affirmative Action Office, SUNY Brockport, 350 New Campus 
Drive, Brockport, NY 14420-2929. Applicants are encouraged to apply by October 
31 for early consideration; we will continue accepting applications until 
the position is filled. Search is contingent onfinal budgetary approval. SUNY 
Brockport is an AA/EOE employer. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Brockport 

English, 350 New Campus Dr Brockport NY 14420 

Assistant Professor of Early Modern British Literature 662 

http://www.brockport.edu/English 
Duties include teaching three courses each semester (graduate and undergraduate), 
regular publication, advisement of majors, service to the department and 
college, and direction of MA theses. Required: Ph.D. in English; a record of 
teaching success; a record of scholarship in Early Modern British literature; evidence 
of potential for continued publication; and potential for increasing the diversity 
of the curriculum, student body or faculty through teaching/mentoring 
or research activities. SUNY Brockport is a comprehensive college of approximately 
9,000 students located in the village of Brockport on the Erie Canal, 
minutes from the city of Rochester. English is a dynamic and productive department 
of 20 full-time and 20 part-time faculty with more than 300 majors, an active 
creative writing program, and an MA program. Please submit a letter of 
application, vita, transcript of highest degree earned, and three letters of reference 
to: Ms. Adrienne Collier, Affirmative Action Office, SUNY Brockport, 
350 New Campus Drive, Brockport, NY 14420-2929. Applicants are encouraged 
to apply by October 31 for early consideration; we will continue accepting 
applications until the position is filled. Search is contingent on final budgetary 
approval. SUNY Brockport is an AA/EOE employer. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Fredonia 

English, 277 Fenton Hall Fredonia NY 14063 

Assistant Professor of English Education 150 

http://www.fredonia.edu 
Tenure-track position in English Education with specializations in incorporating 
technology in Language Arts instruction and one or more of the following areas: 
literacy and learning theory; planning instruction for diverse learners; writing 
and writing assessment. Experience in middle or high school required; preference 
will be given to candidates with middle-school teaching experience. Ph.D. 
or Ed.D required by starting date. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Please send a current c.v. and a letter detailing expertise and experience in the 
areas indicated to Dr. Theodore Steinberg, Department of English, SUNY Fredonia, 
Fredonia, NY 14063. Review of applications begins: 24 October 2005. 
Interviews will be conducted at the NCTE convention in Pittsburgh and, if necessary, 
at MLA. 

SUNY Fredonia is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. We actively 
seek and encourage applications from minorities, women, and people with 
disabilities. [R] 

SU of New York, C at Geneseo 

English, 1 College Cir Geneseo NY 14454 

Assistant Professor of English in Film Studies 19 

http://jobs.geneseo.edu 
Responsibilites include coordinating Film Studies minor. Supplemental ability to 
teach Screen Writing preferred. PhD required by 9/06. Teaching assignments 

will also include one or more of the following: interdisciplinary humanities, interdisciplinary 
first-year writing, and literature. 
SUNY Geneseo is a highly selective public liberal arts college situated in the 

western Finger Lakes, in an historic landmark village 30 miles south of 
Rochester, which is home to the George Eastman House/International Museum 
of Photography and Film and a strong independent film community. Geneseo is 
an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting, supporting, 
and fostering a diverse community of outstanding faculty, staff, and students. 


To apply, submit an online faculty application by Friday, November 11, 2005, at 
http://jobs.geneseo.edu. Attach cover letter and vita. If questions, contact henrym@
geneseo.edu. [R] 

SU of New York, Plattsburgh SU 

English, Plattsburgh NY 12901 

Assistant Professor of Renaissance English Literature 604 

http://www.plattsburgh.edu 
The State University of New York College at Plattsburgh invites applications for 
a full-time tenure track position in English Renaissance literature to begin Fall 
2006. Qualifications: Ph. D. awarded by August 2006; publication or promise of 
sustained scholarly production; evidence of successful college teaching; and commitment 
to university service are required. Secondary teaching interests will be 
considered and should be included in the cover letter. Responsibilities include: 


composition/writing courses; general education courses; core courses for majors; 
upper division literature courses. 
SUNY College at Plattsburgh is an equal opportunity employer committed to 


excellence through diversity. 
Review of applications begins November 10 and continues until the position is 
filled. Original transcripts will be required prior to the start of employment. 
Please submit cover letter, curriculum vitae, writing sample and three letters of 
reference to: Chair, Search committee (PJ# 4634-MLA), c/o Human Resource 
Services, SUNY Plattsburgh, 101 Broad Street, Plattsburgh, NY 12901-2681. 
Fax: (518) 564-5060. www.plattsburgh.edu [R] 


SU of New York, C at Potsdam 

English and Communication, 44 Pierrepont Av Potsdam NY 13676 

Assistant Professor of Literature 324 

http://www.potsdam.edu 
SUNY Potsdam invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, Department of English and Communication, beginning 
August 2006. This is a tenure-track position in British literature with a primary 
specialization in either literature before 1500 or 20th Century British and Commonwealth 
literatures. Candidates who are also qualified to teach courses in linguistics 
are especially encouraged. Teaching responsibilities include 
upper-division courses in area of specialization, lower-division courses in literature 
and composition, and contributions to the graduate program. A full-time 

teaching load is 12 hours per semester, plus advising and committee responsibilities. 
A continuing program of scholarly activity is expected. Ph.D. preferred, but 
ABD candidates will be considered. Applications from women and minorities 
are encouraged. Send letter of application, CV, dissertation abstract or prospectus, 
and names and addresses of three current references (please do not send any 
additional materials at this time) to Chair, Literature Search Committee, English 
and Communication Department, SUNY Potsdam, Potsdam, NY 13676, or 
e-mail to litsearch@potsdam.edu. Review of applications will begin 
November 1, 2005 with subsequent interviews to be conducted at MLA. SUNY 
Potsdam is an equal opportunity employer committed to excellence through 
diversity. [R] 

SU of New York, Maritime C 

Humanities, 6 Pennyfield Av Bronx NY 10465 

Instructor/Asst. Prof. of English 255 

http://sunymaritime.edu 
The Department of Humanities seeks an applicant with Ph.D. for full-time position 
to teach introductory English composition and world literature courses. 
Elective competencies in pre-20th century literature preferred. Applicant should 
have strong teaching skills in both writing and literature, and be prepared to 
teach non-English majors. Send cover letter with curriculum vitae to Dr. Karen 
Markoe (kmarkoe@sunymaritime.edu). Letter acknowledging receipt of applications 
will be sent via e-mail if address provided. We will be interviewing at MLA 
December 27 and 28. [R] 

SU of New York, Maritime C 

Humanities, 6 Pennyfield Av Bronx NY 10465 

Instructor 258 

http://sunymaritime.edu 
The Department of Humanities seeks an applicant with Ph.D. (ABD considered) 
to teach developmental English, ESL and college composition. Send cover letter 
with curriculum vitae to Dr. Karen Markoe, kmarkoe@sunymaritime.edu. Letter 
acknowledging receipt of applications will be sent via e-mail if address provided. 
We will be interviewing at MLA December 27 and 28. [R] 

SU of New York 

English, Humanities Building Stony Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor of English 757 

http://www.stonybrook.edu/cjo 
Stony Brook University's Department of English is seeking an Assistant Professor 
of English for a tenure-track position in African American literature and culture. 
Required: Ph.D. in or at hand by September 1, 2006. To apply, please send letter 
of application with CV no later than November 1, 2005 to: Peter Manning, 
Chair, Department of English, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 
11794-5350. If you require a disability-related accommodation please contact 
Peter.Manning@stonybrook.edu. AA/EOE. Please visit www.stonybrook.edu/ 
cjo for employment information. 

SU of New York 

Writing and Rhetoric, Humanities Building Stony Brook NY 11794 

Director of Writing and Rhetoric Program 755 

http://www.stonybrook.edu/cjo 
Stony Brook University's Program in Writing and Rhetoric seeks to hire a Director 
at the advanced Associate or Full professor level. Applicants must have 
administrative experience as well as a substantial publication record. To apply, 
please send letters of application with CV no later than November 1, 2005 to: 
Program in Writing and Rhetoric, Chair Search Committee, Stony Brook 
University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-5340. If you require disability-related 
accommodations, please contact Pat Belanoff, Search Committee Chair, at 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Pat.Belanoff@stonybrook.edu. AA/EOE. Please visit www.stonybrook.edu/cjo 
for employment information. 

Saint John's U 

English, 8000 Utopia Pky Jamaica NY 11439 

Assistant Professor of English 488 

The English Dept. at St. John's invites applications for a tenure track position, 
pending budgetary approval, at the rank of Assistant Professor for a Specialist in 
Nineteenth-Century British Literature, including Romanticism. Doctorate with 
evidence of scholarly productivity required. Applicants should send letter, C.V., 
writing sample, and letters of recommendation to Dr. Stephen Sicari, Chair. 
Deadline: November 21, 2005. 

Saint John's U 

English, 8000 Utopia Pky Jamaica NY 11439 

Assistant Professor of English with Specialization in Composition and Writing 
Center administration 489 

The English Dept. at St. John's invites applications for a tenure track position, 
pending budgetary approval, at the rank of Assistant Professor for a specialist in 
Composition to design and direct the first Writing Center to exist on our Staten 
Island campus. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate courses in 
composition, writing, and pedagogy on the Staten Island campus, as well as have 
the opportunity to teach graduate courses on the Staten Island, Queens, and 
Manhattan campuses. Expertise in literacy, new media, or computers and composition 
is desirable. Doctorate with evidence of scholarly productivity as well as 
Writing Center experience required. Send letter, c.v., writing sample, statement 
of teaching philosophy, and letters of recommendation to Dr. Stephen Sicari, 
Chair. Deadline: November 21, 2005. 

Saint John Fisher C 

English, 3690 East Av Rochester NY 14618 

Assistant Professor of English 630 

http://www.sjfc.edu 
Two tenure-track positions in composition/rhetoric; 3/3 teaching load and small 
class sizes. The St. John Fisher English major in writing is vibrant, staffed by dynamic 
teachers and mentors, and integrates both writing and literature faculty. 
We seek creative, collaborative, and energetic professionals with a commitment 
to undergraduate education to teach a variety of courses in a multi-faceted writing 
major and work with other writing and literature faculty. The successful candidates 
will teach a variety of courses in the writing major and in the college's 
first-year Learning Community program, and will be expected to contribute to 

writing curriculum development within the major and college-wide. Opportunities 
exist to create new courses in a supportive departmental environment. 
Rochester is a nexus of commerce and the arts, home to seven colleges and uni


versities and several major corporations. St. John Fisher College is a comprehen


sive institution enrolling approximately than 3,000 full-and part-time students. 
Send vita and letter only, describing teaching experience and philosophy, administrative 
experience, and scholarly interests by November 10 to William Waddell, 
English Department, St. John Fisher College, Rochester, NY 14618. St. John 
Fisher College is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and 
strongly encourages applications from women and minorities. 

Please indicate the position for which you are applying. 
Position 1: Ph.D. in composition/rhetoric, or linguistics with a strong focus on 
composition and rhetoric (degree completed by September 2006). In addition to 
teaching a variety of courses, the successful applicant will coordinate curriculum 
development and community outreach for the major and related programs. Suc


cessful teaching experience essential; in addition, some administrative experience 
is highly desirable. 
Position 2: Ph.D. in composition/rhetoric, or English or linguistics with a strong 

focus on composition and rhetoric (degree completed by September 2006). A 
specialty in cross-cultural or postcolonial studies, and interest in teaching both 

writing and literature courses are desirable. Successful teaching experience is 
essential. [R] 

Siena C 

English, 515 Loudon Rd Loudonville NY 12211 

Assistant Professor of English 246 

http://www.siena.edu 
The Department of English at Siena College seeks a tenure-track assistant professor 
in Modern and Contemporary British Literature with secondary specialization 
in Post-Colonial Literature in English. We seek candidates with a strong 
commitment to teaching excellence. The candidate will be expected to teach in 
the English core program as well as to develop courses in his or her specialty. 
Other teaching possibilities include the interdisciplinary core course for first year 

students or developing courses for the Multi-cultural Studies program. Ph.D. required 
by September 1, 2006. 
Please send letter of application, transcripts, vita, and three letters of recommen


dation to Ms. Kathy Renaud, English Literature Search, School of Liberal Arts, 
515 Loudon Road, Loudonville, NY 12211. Applications must be postmarked 
by October 1st, 2005. 

Siena College is a coeducational, independent, liberal arts college in the Franciscan 
and Catholic tradition located in New York's Capital District. Salary and 
benefits are competitive. 

Siena College is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications 
from all qualified candidates. 

Skidmore C 

English, 815 N Broadway Saratoga Springs NY 12866 

Writer in Residence (Fiction) 61 

http://www.skidmore.edu 
A permanent, one semester (fall) per academic year appointment in a department 
with a very strong creative writing faculty. Required qualifications include a 
record of distinguished publication in fiction and relevant teaching experience at 
the college or university level. The successful candidate will be prepared to teach 
workshops at the introductory, intermediate and advanced levels, and will also 
demonstrate an ability and willingness to oversee independent student work and 
to teach occasional courses in literature. Although the department expects to hire 
at a level comparable to that of an Assistant Professor, it will consider hiring a senior 
candidate. The teaching load alternates between two and three courses, 
generally all of them fiction workshops with a maximum of fifteen students each. 
Ability to teach fiction writing from an ethnic or multi-cultural perspective desirable. 
Salary commensurate with qualifications. Starting date September 1, 
2006. Send cover letter, vita with names of at least three references, and writing 
sample (chapter or story length) to Prof. Linda Simon, Chair, Department of 
English, Skidmore College, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866. Review of applications 
begins October 15. All applications will be acknowledged. Interviews will be 
held at MLA convention. Skidmore encourages applications from women and 
men of diverse racial, ethnic and cultural backgrounds. [R] 

Syracuse U 

English, 401 Hall of Langs Syracuse NY 13244 

Assistant Professor of English 935 

http://english.syr.edu/index.htm 
Tenure-track, with specialization in Early-American Literatures & Cultures. Position 
begins August 2006. The Syracuse University English Department is 
currently developing its research foci in British and American Studies. Several 
coordinated hires in different periods within each of these areas are planned for 
the coming years. Send detailed letter and c.v. only to Professor Amy S. Lang, 
co-chair American Search, English Department, 401 Hall of Languages, 
Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY 13244-1170. Applications must be postmarked 
by or before October 15th, 2005. Syracuse University is an EO/AA 
employer. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Syracuse U 

Writing Program, 239 H B Crouse Hall Syracuse NY 13244 

Assistant Professor (beginning or advanced) in Writing and Rhetoric 575 

http://wrt.syr.edu 
Tenure-track position, to start August 2006. Seek faculty member with one of 
two specializations: (a) Expertise in rhetorical studies, with a strong background 
in Latino/a rhetorics, or (b) Expertise in composition studies, with strong background 
in qualitative research methods and focus on literacy studies. Demonstrated 
excellence in teaching and scholarship required. Submit application letter, 
curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to Collin Brooke, Search Committee 
Co-Chair, 239 HBC, Syracuse, NY 13244-1160. Review of applications 
begins November 7 and continues until the position is filled. Email queries 
should be directed to cbrooke@syr.edu; information about the Writing Program 
is available at http://wrt.syr.edu. Syracuse University is an equal opportunity, affirmative 
action employer. [R] 

U of Rochester 

English, PO Box 270451 Rochester NY 14627 

Assistant Professor of English 11 

http://www.rochester.edu/college/eng/ 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor with specialization in eighteenth-century British 
literature. Additional interests in gender studies, narrative, and cultural and critical 
contexts are also welcome. Successful candidates will show promise of continuing 
outstanding scholarship and a strong commitment to both undergraduate 
and graduate teaching. The UR English department supports interdisciplinary 
research and teaching, and we seek candidates who can contribute to diversified 
undergraduate and graduate programs in English (see our website). Ph.D. required. 
Send letter of application and CV to Frank Shuffelton, Chair, Department 
of English, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 14627. This search 
will continue until a suitable candidate has been identified. Acknowledgments by 
e-mail or SAS card. EOE. [R] 

US Military Acad 

English, 607 Cullum Rd West Point NY 10996 

Assistant Professor (Rhetoric and Composition) 157 

http://www.usma.edu 
The Department of English, United States Military Academy, seeks applicants 
for a three-year appointment as Assistant Professor beginning July 2006, with a 
possibility of renewal. Candidates should have PhD in hand or expected. They 
must demonstrate a commitment to undergraduate education and an ability to 
teach core-curriculum courses in first-year composition and advanced composition. 
The position will provide the opportunity for curriculum and faculty development. 
Candidates should have a genuine concern for the development of 
competent and committed military officers, but military experience is not required. 
The United States Military Academy, an Equal Opportunity Employer, 
welcomes applications from women and minorities. To receive full consideration, 
applicants should submit a cover letter, c.v., 10–20 page writing sample, official 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to: United States Military 
Academy, Department of English, ATTN: Ms. Kristina Fox, West Point, New 
York 10996, phone (845) 938-3967, email: Kristina.Fox@usma.edu. If claiming 
Veterans' Preference, please include a DD214. All application papers must arrive 
by November 4, 2005. This position is not restricted to U.S. citizens, but noncitizens 
cannot be hired if qualified U.S. citizens are available. [R] 

US Military Acad 

English, 607 Cullum Rd West Point NY 10996 

Assistant Professor (English) 159 

http://www.usma.edu 
The Department of English, United States Military Academy, seeks applicants 
for a three-year appointment as Assistant Professor beginning July 2006. Candi


dates should have PhD in hand or expected. They must demonstrate a commitment 
to undergraduate education and an ability to teach core-curriculum 
courses in basic and advanced composition, and in literature. The position will 
provide the opportunity for curriculum and faculty development. Candidates 
should have a genuine concern for the development of competent and committed 
military officers, but military experience is not required. The United States 
Military Academy, an Equal Opportunity Employer, welcomes applications from 
women and minorities. To receive full consideration, applicants should submit a 
cover letter, c.v., 10–20 pp. writing sample, official transcripts, and three letters 
of recommendation to: United States Military Academy, Department of English, 
ATTN: Ms. Kristina Fox, West Point, New York 10996, phone (845) 938-3967, 
email: Kristina.Fox@usma.edu. If claiming Veterans' Preference, please include a 
DD214. All application papers must arrive by November 4, 2005. [R] 

Vassar C 

English, 124 Raymond Av, Box 744 Poughkeepsie NY 12604 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://english.vassar.edu/ 
We invite applications for a tenure-track position (beginning fall 2006) from candidates 
with the Ph.D. in hand and a specialization in Asian-American literatures 
and cultures. Particularly attractive to us will be candidates who combine an interest 
in Asian-American literatures and cultures with a multi-disciplinary approach 
or specialty, such as border theory, diaspora studies, environmental 


studies, media studies, popular culture, or urban studies. Vassar College is an Affirmative 
Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Vassar is a highly competitive liberal arts college of about 2400 undergraduates, 


and no graduate students, located seventy-five miles north of New York City. 
Faculty are expected to teach broadly in the curricula of their departments; advise 
students; and serve on college-wide and departmental committees. All 
members of the English department participate in teaching introductory courses; 
many contribute to the staffing of the team-taught, year-long required course on 
British and American literature from the beginnings to the early twentieth century, 
and many teach courses in writing poetry, fiction, or nonfictional prose. 
Classes are small, and the teaching load is 3/2. The College maintains a generous 
leave policy, which includes untenured faculty, and it provides strong support for 
research. It also provides faculty with rich opportunities to teach singly or as part 
of a team in its many multi-disciplinary and interdisciplinary programs, such as 
American Culture, Africana Studies, Asian Studies, Environmental Studies, 
Media Studies, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, Urban Studies, and Women's 
Studies. 


Send letter of interest, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference, and a brief 
writing sample to Robert DeMaria, Jr., Chair, Department of English, Box 
0744, Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, NY 12604-0744. The deadline for receiving 
applications is November 21. We can acknowledge receipt of applications by 
e-mail only. [R] 


NORTH CAROLINA 
Appalachian SU 

English, ASU Box 32052 Boone NC 28608 

Assistant Professor 

http://www.appstate.edu 
Professional Writing: Assistant professor, tenure-track, fall 2006. Ph.D. in English 
or related field, with primary concentration in professional, technical and business 
writing. Responsibilities include teaching existing and developing new 
courses in professional, technical and business writing and working collaboratively 
as a member of the faculty group teaching in the department's recently established 
BA Concentration in Professional Writing. At least 2 years applied 
professional writing experience required. Experience especially desirable in any 
of the following areas; business, technical, scientific, legal, and medical writing; 
editing; applied discourse or rhetorical analysis. Two years of college-level teaching 
experience and potential for scholarship in the field expected. A completed 
application consists of a letter of application, current resume, and a list of three 
references with telephone numbers. Review of completed applications will 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


begin on September 26, 2005, and will continue until the position is filled. Send 
to Dr. David P. Haney, Chair, Department of English, Appalachian State University, 
Boone, NC 28608. Appalachian State, a member institution of the University 
of North Carolina system, is a comprehensive university of approximately 
14,600 students located in the scenic Blue Ridge Mountains. Appalachian State 
University is an Equal Opportunity Employer and actively seeks candidates with 
a strong commitment to promoting diversity in the University. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. 

Appalachian SU 

English, ASU Box 32052 Boone NC 28608 

Assistant or Associate Professor 40 

http://www.appstate.edu 
Professional Writing: Assistant or Associate professor, tenure-track, fall 2006. 
Ph.D. in English or related field, with primary concentration in professional, 
technical and business writing. Responsibilities include coordinating and building 
the department's recently established BA Concentration in Professional 
Writing; working collaboratively with department's internship program in writing 
and editing, as well as with programs across the University that seek to or already 
include Professional Writing components; and teaching existing and 
developing new courses in professional, technical and business writing. At least 3 
years applied professional writing experience required. Experience especially desirable 
in any of the following areas: business, technical, scientific, legal, and 
medical writing; editing; applied discourse or rhetorical analysis. Four years of 
college-level teaching experience and evidence of scholarship in the field required. 
Experience in academic and/or corporate program development, facilitation, 
and coordination also desirable. A completed application consists of a letter 
of application, current resume, and a list of three references with telephone numbers. 
Review of completed applications will begin on September 26, 2005, and 
will continue until the position is filled. Send to Dr. David P. Haney, Chair, Department 
of English, Appalachian State University, Boone, NC 28608. Appalachian 
State, a member institution of the University of North Carolina 
system, is a comprehensive university of approximately 14,600 students located 
in the scenic Blue Ridge Mountains. Appalachian State University is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer and actively seeks candidates with a strong commitment 
to promoting diversity in the University. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. 

Duke U 

English, Box 90015, 314 Allen Bldg Durham NC 27708 

Open Rank Position in American Literature 970 

http://www.duke.edu/web/english 
Duke University English Department will be searching for a specialist in American 
Literature. Any period, any subfield. This is an open rank, tenure-track position 
that begins August 1, 2006. The Department seeks a scholar who possesses a 
thorough knowledge of the range of American literary history (including areas 
such as African-American, Asian American, Latino/a, Atlantic, and Caribbean 
literatures and cultures). Please submit a CV and letter as MS Word or PDF attachments 
to: english@duke.edu. Use "American Search" as the subject line. 
Applications received by November 1, 2005 will be guaranteed full consideration. 
Duke University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Duke U 

Prog in Lit, Box 90670 Durham NC 27708 

Associate Professor/Professor of Literature 880 

http://www.duke.edu/literature 
Duke University. The Literature Program announces a position at the Associate 
or Full Professor level in film, video, and digital studies. The candidate is expected 
to teach both graduate and undergraduate courses in international film, 
history of cinema, and film theory. Interests in new media and digital technologies 
are welcome. The ideal candidate will be able to contribute as well to the 
full intellectual life of the Literature Program, which emphasizes literature and 

aesthetics, critical theory, cultural studies and film, video, and digital studies. Position 
begins on August 1, 2006. Please submit a CV and letter of application as 
MS word attachments to: Pam Terterian, Administrative Manager, 
[litadmin@duke.edu]. Use "Faculty Search" as subject line. Applications received 
by October 15, 2005 will be given full consideration. Duke University is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer. 

Duke U 

Women's Studies, 210 E Duke Bldg Durham NC 27708 

Sexuality and Gender in the African Diaspora-Open Rank 83 

http://www.duke.edu/womstud/ 
The Duke University Program in Women's Studies invites applications and nominations 
for a tenured position in Sexuality and Gender, with an emphasis on the 
African Diaspora, to begin September 1, 2006. We seek a candidate for appointment 
at the Associate or Full Professor level who can provide intellectual and institutional 
vision and leadership. The successful candidate will be a regular 
member of the Women's Studies faculty and will direct, for a renewable three-
year term, the Undergraduate Certificate Program in Sexuality Studies. Send applications, 
C.V., and names of three recommenders to Robyn Wiegman, Search 
Committee Chair, Women's Studies, Box 90760, 210 East Duke Building, 
Durham, NC 27708. Applications and nominations received by November 1, 


2005 will be guaranteed full consideration. Duke University is an Equal Opportunity/
Affirmative Action Employer. 
(Finalists will have their traveling expenses reimbursed) 


North Carolina SU 

English, Campus Box 8105 Raleigh NC 27695 

Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 567 

http://www.chass.ncsu.edu/english/englishnew/ 
The NC State English Department seeks applications for an Associate Professor 
to play an active role in the administration of a large first-year composition program. 
The position begins 8–16–06. Curriculum focuses on academic writing 
across disciplines, with a developing emphasis on electronic literacy. We seek 
candidates with active research records who can provide support for faculty and 
curriculum development, particularly in the area of computers and composition. 
Other areas of interest include program development, assessment, and teacher 
mentoring. Initial appointment as Associate Director of Composition, 2–1 

teaching load, with expectation of becoming Director (1–1 load; 12-month 
appointment). 
The Department's 55 tenure-track faculty members include 11 faculty in rheto


ric, composition, professional writing, and technical communication. In addition 
to the composition program, these faculty teach in and administer an undergraduate 
major in Rhetoric, Writing, and Language; an upper-level professional 
writing program; an MA option in rhetoric and composition; an MS in technical 
communication; a campus-wide program supporting writing and speaking in 
upper-division courses; and a newly established interdisciplinary PhD in Communication, 
Rhetoric, and Digital Media. 

Qualifications: PhD in Rhetoric and Composition and strong record of scholarship 
in the field. Experience in program administration and computer-assisted 
composition preferred, including TA training and faculty development. Five 
years successful college-level teaching and academic leadership preferred, but 
strong candidates with 3–4 years experience may be considered for advanced assistant 
professorship. 

Applicants: send letter of application (please reference position number 811), 
vita, and contact information for at least three references to Walt Wolfram, Interim 
Head, English Department, Box 8105, NCSU, Raleigh, NC 27695-8105. 
Application Deadline is November 15, 2005. 

North Carolina State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer. Individuals with disabilities desiring accommodations in the application 
process should notify Deborah Hooker, Department of English (phone) 
919-515-4146 or (fax) 919-515-1836. NC State welcomes all persons without 
regard to sexual orientation. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of North Carolina at Wilmington 

English, 601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Assistant Professor 609 

http://www.uncw.edu/english/ 
We invite applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship beginning 
August 2006. Required: a doctorate in English with substantial work in Popular 
Culture and/or Cultural Studies and a demonstrated commitment to research 
and teaching. Responsibilities will include teaching undergraduate and graduate 
courses in film, cultural studies, popular culture, and literature, especially writing 
about film/media/music/culture. All tenure-line faculty participate in teaching 
basic studies courses in composition or literature. Candidates should expect to 
engage in an active and productive research agenda as well as contribute to departmental 
and college service. To apply, please complete the online application 
process available on the Web at http://consensus.uncw.edu. A letter of application, 
complete resume, and contact information for three professional references 
should be addressed to Janet Ellerby, search committee chair, and attached to the 
online application-not emailed, mailed, or faxed. Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF 
attachments are preferred. For questions regarding the online application process, 
contact Jane Bullock at (910) 962-3748. Under North Carolina law, applications 

and related materials are confidential personnel documents and not subject to 
public release. 
Review of applications will begin 1 November 2005 and continue until the po


sition is filled. UNCW is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

U of North Carolina at Wilmington 

English, 601 S College Rd Wilmington NC 28403 

Full-time lecturer 610 

http://www.uncw.edu/english/ 
We seek a full-time lecturer to teach four sections of first-year composition 
and/or introduction to literature, with opportunities for sophomore-level or 
upper-division courses in professional writing, according to departmental needs. 
Minimum requirements include a master's degree in English or related field (e.g., 
rhetoric, journalism, linguistics, English education) and teaching experience at 
the post-secondary level. Review of applications will begin 1 November 2005 
and continue until the position is filled. To apply, please complete the online application 
process available on the Web at http://consensus.uncw.edu. A letter of 
application, complete resume, and contact information for three professional references 
should be addressed to Janet Ellerby, search committee chair, and attached 
to the online application-not emailed, mailed, or faxed. Microsoft Word 
or Adobe PDF attachments are preferred. For questions regarding the online application 
process, contact Jane Bullock at (910) 962-3748. Under North Car


olina law, applications and related materials are confidential personnel documents 
and not subject to public release. 
UNCW is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Women and 

minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor in African-American literature 792 

http://www.wfu.edu/academics/english/ 
The Department of English at Wake Forest University has an opening for a tenure-
track assistant or associate professor in African-American literature. Position 
to begin August 2006. ABD or PHD required with a commitment to publication 
and high quality teaching in a liberal arts college. Teaching load is 3/2, with 
courses ranging from small first-year writing seminars to advanced electives and 
MA-level courses. The successful candidate will have a commitment to publication 
and teaching. Salary competitive. Send only letter and vita to Eric Wilson, 
Chair, Department of English, P.O. Box 7387, Winston-Salem, NC 27109, 
postmarked by October 31. AA/EOE. [R] 

Wake Forest U 

English, PO Box 7387 Winston-Salem NC 27109 

Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Postcolonial/Colonial Anglophone literature 802 

http://www.wfu.edu/academics/english/ 
The Department of English at Wake Forest University has an opening for a tenure-
track assistant professor in Postcolonial/Colonial Anglophone literature of 
Africa, South Asia, the Caribbean, and/or Australia. ABD or PHD required with 
a commitment to publication and high quality teaching in a liberal arts college. 
Teaching load is 3/2, with courses ranging from small first-year writing seminars 
to advanced electives and MA-level courses. Salary competitive. Send only letter 
and vita to Eric Wilson, Chair, Department of English, P.O. Box 7387, Winston-
Salem, NC 27109, postmarked by October 31. AA/EOE. [R] 

OHIO 
Bowling Green SU 

English, 1001 E Wooster St Bowling Green OH 43403 

Assistant Professor in Rhetoric & Composition 408 

http://www.bgsu.edu/departments/english 
Rhetoric and Composition. Tenure-track Assistant Professor. The English Department 
at Bowling Green State University seeks strong applicants for two tenure-
track Assistant Professorships in rhetoric and composition. Candidates 
should have a strong and varied record of graduate courses in rhetoric and composition, 
a dissertation centered in rhetoric and composition, and scholarly interests 
aligned with the goals and curriculum of BGSU's Rhetoric & Writing PhD 
Program. The successful candidate will teach courses in the doctoral program, 
work closely with Rhetoric & Writing PhD students on dissertations and examinations, 
and work with undergraduate students in writing and other courses, 
such as those that support the preparation of future secondary teachers. Doctorate 
in hand or by time of appointment. See our website for a fuller description of 
the position (www.bgsu.edu/departments/english) and for information about 
the program in which the position is centered (http://www.bgsu.edu/ 
departments/english/rcweb/rchome.htm). Send letter outlining qualifications 
relevant to the position, CV which includes a list of graduate courses taken and 
brief descriptions of courses taught, at least three current letters of reference, and 
transcripts to Kristine Blair, Interim Chair, English Department, Bowling Green 
State University, Bowling Green, OH 43403-0191. Applications must be postmarked 
by November 4, 2005. The starting date of employment is mid August 
2006. BGSU is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer and encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and 
individuals with disabilities. [R] 

Bowling Green SU 

English, 1001 E Wooster St Bowling Green OH 43403 

Arts & Sciences Distinguished Visiting Writer 501 

Fiction Writing. Distinguished Visiting Writer. The English Department seeks 
applicants for the College of Arts & Sciences Distinguished Visiting Writer. The 
successful candidate will be in residence spring 2007; teach one fiction writing 
workshop in our BFA program and one workshop in our MFA program; give a 
reading and a lecture; and advise theses. Qualifications: 1) MA, MFA or Ph.D. by 
time of employment; 2) at least one book of fiction and critical recognition consistent 
with a writer of national reputation; and 3) evidence of outstanding 
teaching. Salary: competitive. See our website, www.bgsu.edu/departments/ 
creative-writing/visitingwriter.html, for a fuller description of the position. Send 
cover letter, CV, transcripts, three current letters of reference, writing sample 
(one book), a list of courses taught with brief descriptions, and 1–2 samples of 
undergraduate syllabi to Kristine Blair, Interim Chair, English Department, 
Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, Ohio 43403-0191. The starting 
date of employment for this position is January 2007. Screening of applicants 
will begin November 1, 2005 and continue until the position is filled. BGSU is 
an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and encour-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


ages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities 
[R] 

Bowling Green SU 

English, 1001 E Wooster St Bowling Green OH 43403 

Assistant Professor in Multi-Ethnic American Literature 520 

The English Department at Bowling Green State University seeks strong applicants 
for an assistant professor in multi-ethnic American literatures and cultures, 
with secondary specialization in one or more of the following: Feminist, culture, 
race and postcolonial theories. Teach courses in multi-ethnic literatures, 20thcentury 
American literature, (major authors, themes, special topics, and surveys), 
as well as other courses in critical theory and American literature as expertise 
warrants. The successful candidate will be expected to engage significantly in 
scholarly publishing and professional activities, to serve on department and university 
committees, and to participate in the life and governance of the department, 
including its efforts to recruit, advise, and retain students. Doctorate in 
hand by time of appointment. Send letter outlining qualifications relevant to the 
position, curriculum vitae, at least three current letters of reference, and transcripts 
to Kristine Blair, Interim Chair, English Department, Bowling Green 
State University, Bowling Green, OH 43403-0191. Applications must be postmarked 
by November 4, 2005. The starting date of employment is mid August 
2006. BGSU is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
Employer and encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and 
individuals with disabilities. [R] 

Cleveland SU 

English, 2121 Euclid Av Cleveland OH 44115 

Assistant Professor-Middle English Literature 813 

http://www.csuohio.edu 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 
Middle English Literature 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Middle English Literature, with ability to 

teach courses in the history of the language. Candidates will have the opportunity 
to teach a wide variety of graduate and undergraduate courses in these areas, 
but they will also be expected to teach the first half of a British literature survey 
and introductory courses in poetry and fiction. Evidence of scholarly achievement 
and promise is required; candidates must also demonstrate a strong commitment 
to teaching. Ph.D. must be completed by August 15, 2006. Position 
begins August 21, 2006. Normal teaching load is two 4-credit classes per semester. 
Salary commensurate with experience. Send dossier, including letter of application, 
c.v. and 3 letters of reference to: Professor Louis Barbato, Chair, 
Department of English, Cleveland State University, 2121 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, 
Ohio 44115. Applications must be postmarked by November 1, 2005. 
Cleveland State University is an AA/EOE committed to nondiscrimination. M/ 
F/D/V encouraged. Visit our Web site at www.csuohio.edu. 

Kenyon C 

English, 102 College Dr, Sunset Cottage Gambier OH 43022 

Assistant Professor of English 508 

http://www.kenyon.edu 
The English Department at Kenyon College seeks to fill a tenure-track position 
(effective July 2006) in sixteenth-or seventeenth-century English literature 
(preferably with a specialization in Renaissance non-dramatic literature). Possible 
subfields include Medieval literature, queer studies, and creative writing. The 
teaching load is 3/2. (Kenyon offers no composition courses.) Ph. D. is required, 
as is evidence of a commitment to teaching and scholarship. An EOE, we welcome 
applications from minority and women candidates. Applications will be 
accepted until the position has been filled, but to ensure that your application 
will be reviewed in time for MLA interviews send a letter and cv by 
November 11 to Theodore O. Mason, Jr., Chair, Department of English, 
Kenyon College, Gambier, OH 43022 [R] 

Miami U Hamilton 

English, 1601 University Blvd Hamilton OH 45011 

Assistant Professor of English 494 

http://www.ham.muohio.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor to teach primarily composition courses with 
regular opportunities to teach courses in area of specialization, beginning 
August 2006. Seeking candidates with expertise in multi-ethnic literatures 
and/or African American literature. Ph.D. by date of appointment. Require 
demonstrated excellence in teaching college composition; background in creative 
writing desirable. Preferred qualifications include experience working with 
diverse students and a strong interest in contributing to the university's commitment 
to increasing diversity. The position's responsibilities include student advising 
and service to the institution. Send application letter, c.v. and contact 
information for at least three references to Diana Royer. Screening of applicants 
begins November 4 and will continue until position is filled. Miami University 
Hamilton is an open admissions regional campus of Miami University, with an 
enrollment of 3,500 students: http://www.ham.muohio.edu. Women and minorities 
are strongly encouraged to apply. Miami Hamilton is an EO/AA 
employer, offering full same-sex partner benefits. 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant Professor of English 435 

http://www.units.muohio.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor in Shakespeare and early modern studies, beginning 
in August 2006. Specialization in Stuart and Tudor drama with particular 
expertise in Shakespeare is required. An additional research interest in nondramatic 
poetry and prose of the period is highly desirable. Research interests in one 
or more of the following are also desirable: social history; rhetoric; transatlanticism, 
transnationalism and/or colonialism; or early British women's writing. A 
commitment to teaching excellence in courses at all levels, including first-year 
writing, undergraduate courses for majors, and graduate seminars for M.A. and 
Ph.D. students is required. A demonstration of clear potential for excellence as a 
scholar is also required. The position's responsibilities include student advising 
and service to the institution. Candidates will be interviewed at MLA; Ph.D. by 
date of appointment. Send letter of application and c.v. to Keith Tuma, Chair. A 
postmark by November 1, 2005, is required. Women and minorities encouraged 
to apply. Miami is an EO/AA employer offering benefits to same-sex domestic 
partners. [R] 

Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant Professor of English 439 

http://www.units.muohio.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor in American literature before 1900, beginning in 
August 2006. Ability to teach American literature from its origins to 1900 required. 
An additional research interest in one of the following fields is desirable: 
Native American literature; Latino/a literature; queer studies; transnationalism; 
American culture before 1820. A commitment to teaching excellence in courses 
at all levels, including first-year writing, undergraduate courses for majors, and 
graduate seminars for M.A. and Ph.D. students is required. A demonstration of 
clear potential for excellence as a scholar is also required. The position's responsibilities 
include student advising and service to the institution. Candidates will be 
interviewed at MLA; Ph.D. by date of appointment. Send letter of application 
and c.v. to Keith Tuma, Chair. A postmark by November 1, 2005, is required. 
Women and minorities encouraged to apply. Miami is an EO/AA employer offering 
benefits to same-sex domestic partners. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Miami U 

English, 356 Bachelor Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Assistant Professor of English 440 

http://www.units.muohio.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor in creative writing (poetry), beginning in 
August 2006. A history of publication including at least one book is required. 
Additional interests in the history of women's poetry, translation and theories of 
translation, or writing for digital media are desirable. A commitment to teaching 
excellence in courses at all levels, including first-year writing, undergraduate 
courses for majors, and graduate workshops, is required. A demonstration of 
clear potential for continuing creative publication is also required. The position's 
responsibilities include student advising and service to the institution. Candidates 
will be interviewed at MLA; M.F.A. or Ph.D. by date of appointment. Send letter 
of application and c.v. to Keith Tuma, Chair. A postmark by November 1, 
2005, is required. Women and minorities encouraged to apply. Miami is an EO/ 
AA employer offering benefits to same-sex domestic partners. [R] 

Mt Union C 

English, 1972 Clark Av Alliance OH 44601 

Assistant Professor 835 

http://muc.edu 
The Department of English, Mount Union College, invites applications for a 
tenure-track appointment in Writing to begin August 1, 2006. The Ph.D. in 
Rhetoric and Composition or a related field is expected as is a commitment to 
teaching in a liberal arts setting. Primary teaching responsibilities include first-
year composition (including intensive and honors), argument, and rhetorical and 
critical theory. This position will also include WPA administration (Writing 
Center and WAC) on a rotational basis. Areas of expertise should include composition, 
argumentative rhetoric, literacy studies, and pedagogy. Secondary areas 
might include professional writing (particularly legal and medical writing), creative 
writing (particularly poetry), publishing and editing, basic writing, and discourse 
analysis. The standard teaching load is four courses per semester. 
Preference will be given to candidates with college teaching experience and potential 
for scholarship. Send letter of application, cv, and the names and phone 
numbers of three current references to: Human Resources Office, English Department 
Search Committee, Dr. Andrew Price, Chair, Mount Union College, 
1972 Clark Avenue, Alliance, OH 44601. Consideration of applicants will begin 
immediately. Initial interviews will be conducted at the MLA conference. 
Mount Union College is an EEO Employer. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of Film Studies 89 

http://english.osu.edu/ 
The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications for 
a tenure-eligible position in film studies. All subfields welcomed. The University 
is launching a new Interdisciplinary Major in Film Studies this year; successful 
applicants will be committed to interdisciplinary collaboration. Ph.D. required. 
Send letter of application and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of English, 
The Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210. Review 
of applications will begin on November 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans and individuals with 
disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of Folklore 

http://english.osu.edu/ 
The Department of English at The Ohio State University invites applications for 
a tenure-eligible position in folklore. All subfields welcomed. Position is affiliated 
with the Center for Folklore Studies (in the College of Humanities), providing a 
network for cooperative research and interdisciplinary dialogue. Ph.D. required. 
Review of all applications will begin on October 24, 2005 and continue until 
the position is filled. Applicants should send letter of application, CV, three letters 
of reference and a writing sample to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department of English, 
The Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210. 
OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. Women, minorities, 
Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.marion.ohio-state.edu/ 
The Ohio State University at Marion invites applications for an assistant professor 
(tenure-eligible, begins Sept. 2006) in literature of the U.S.A., with preferred 
teaching/research specialization in a 19th-century area. Teaching includes composition, 
U.S. literature surveys, and advanced topics for English majors (quarter 
system; a mix of five and four courses a year during the first three years; six 
courses thereafter). Experience teaching in computer classrooms and genuine 
commitment to undergraduate education required. We seek applicants interested 
in teaching in a multi-disciplinary small college atmosphere within a premier 
land grant university. Applicants should have Ph.D. in hand and teaching experience 
in composition and literature. Send detailed application letter and CV to 
English Search, Human Resources, Ohio State University at Marion, 1465 Mt. 
Vernon Ave., Marion OH 43302. Screening of applications begins Oct. 24th, 
continuing until the position is filled; dossiers will be requested after initial 
screening. Selected candidates will be interviewed at the December MLA meeting. 
To build a diverse workforce, Ohio State encourages applications from 
individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women. EEO/AA 
employer. [R] 

Ohio SU 

English, 164 W 17 Av Columbus OH 43210 

Open Rank African American Literatures and Cultures 

http://english.osu.edu/ 
The Department of English at The Ohio State University seeks candidates for a 
position in African American Literatures and Cultures. Open Rank. All subfields 
welcomed. Send letter of application and CV to Valerie Lee, Chair, Department 
of English, The Ohio State University, 164 W. 17th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 
43210. Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2005 and continue 
until the position is filled. OSU is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. 
Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans and individuals 
with disabilities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Ohio U 

English, 360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

19th-Century British Literature 

http://www.english.ohiou.edu 
The Department of English at Ohio University invites applications for an assistant 
professor of Nineteenth-Century British Literature. Ph.D. in hand by September 
1, 2006 required. The successful candidate is expected to teach; pursue, 
direct, and publish research; and participate in departmental/university governance. 
Position available September 2006. Send letter of application, C.V., and 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


three current letters of recommendation to Joseph McLaughlin, Chair, ATTN: 
19th-Century British Literature Search, Department of English, Ohio University, 
Athens, OH 45701. Deadline for applications: Monday, November 7, 2005. 
Interviewing at MLA. Women and other minorities are encouraged to apply. 
Ohio University is an EEO/AA employer. Ohio University is a Research-Extensive 
institution, enrolling 19,500 students on the Athens campus and more than 
8,000 students on five regional campuses. The College of Arts and Sciences includes 
340 tenured and tenure-track faculty and contains 19 departments, 7 of 
which offer the doctoral degree. Further information may be found at the University's 
web site: http://www.ohio.edu. [R] 

Ohio U 

English, 360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

Composition and Rhetoric 397 

http://www.english.ohio.edu 
The Department of English at Ohio University invites applications for an assistant 
professor of Composition and Rhetoric. Ph.D. in hand by September 1, 
2006 required. The successful candidate is expected to teach; pursue, direct, and 
publish research; and participate in departmental/university governance. Position 
available September 2006. Send letter of application, C.V., and three current letters 
of recommendation to Joseph McLaughlin, Chair, ATTN: Rhetoric and 
Composition Search, Department of English, Ohio University, Athens, OH 
45701. Deadline for applications: Monday, November 7, 2005. Interviewing at 
MLA. Women and other minorities are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is 
an EEO/AA employer. Ohio University is a Research-Extensive institution, enrolling 
19,500 students on the Athens campus and more than 8,000 students on 
five regional campuses. The College of Arts and Sciences includes 340 tenured 
and tenure-track faculty and contains 19 departments, 7 of which offer the doctoral 
degree. Further information may be found at the University's web site: 
http://www.ohio.edu. [R] 

Ohio U 

English, 360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

African-American Literature 395 

http://www.english.ohiou.edu 
The Department of English at Ohio University invites applications for an assistant 
professor of African-American Literature. Ph.D. in hand by September 1, 
2006 required. The successful candidate is expected to teach; pursue, direct, and 
publish research; and participate in departmental/university governance. Position 
available September 2006. Send letter of application, C.V., and three current letters 
of recommendation to Joseph McLaughlin, Chair, ATTN: African-American 
Literature Search, Department of English, Ohio University, Athens, OH 
45701. Deadline for applications: Monday, November 7, 2005. Interviewing at 
MLA. Women and other minorities are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is 
an EEO/AA employer. Ohio University is a Research-Extensive institution, enrolling 
19,500 students on the Athens campus and more than 8,000 students on 
five regional campuses. The College of Arts and Sciences includes 340 tenured 
and tenure-track faculty and contains 19 departments, 7 of which offer the doctoral 
degree. Further information may be found at the University's web site: 
http://www.ohio.edu. [R] 

Ohio U 

English, 360 Ellis Hall Athens OH 45701 

African Literature 393 

http://www.english.ohiou.edu 
The Department of English at Ohio University invites applications for an assistant 
professor of African Literature. Ph.D. in hand by September 1, 2006 required. 
The successful candidate is expected to teach; pursue, direct, and publish 
research; and participate in departmental/university governance. Position available 
September 2006. Send letter of application, C.V., and three current letters of 
recommendation to Joseph McLaughlin, Chair, ATTN: African Literature 
Search, Department of English, Ohio University, Athens, OH 45701. Deadline 
for applications: Monday, November 7, 2005. Interviewing at MLA. Women 

and other minorities are encouraged to apply. Ohio University is an EEO/AA 
employer. Ohio University is a Research-Extensive institution, enrolling 19,500 
students on the Athens campus and more than 8,000 students on five regional 
campuses. The College of Arts and Sciences includes 340 tenured and tenure-
track faculty and contains 19 departments, 7 of which offer the doctoral degree. 
Further information may be found at the University's web site: http://www.ohio 
.edu. [R] 

Otterbein C 

English, Westerville OH 43081 

Assistant Professor, English 789 

http://www.otterbein.edu 
Otterbein College, tenure-track, beginning September 1, 2006. Ph.D. required. 
Area of specialty: American ethnic literatures, with emphasis on African-American 
literature. Additional experience sought in teaching composition and engagement 
with student activities. Familiarity with critical race theory helpful. 
The position requires regular teachings of composition and literature courses in 
humanities-based core curriculum. Teaching load is seven courses (3–2-2) in 
quarter system. Candidates should show evidence of successful teaching, scholarly 
productivity, and engagement with departmental, college, or community 
service. Located in the Columbus metropolitan area, Otterbein is a private college 
offering both liberal arts and professional education. Letters of application, 
curriculum vitae, and 3 current letters of recommendation should be sent to Dr. 


Patricia Frick, VPAA, One Otterbein College, Westerville, OH 43081; e-mail 
inquiries to kmacaluso@otterbein.edu. 
(Web page: www.otterbein.edu). Deadline: November 7, 2005. AA/EOE. 


Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 


Otterbein C 

English, Westerville OH 43081 

Assistant Professor, English 790 

http://www.otterbein.edu 
Otterbein College, tenure-track, beginning September 1, 2006. Ph.D. with creative 
writing emphasis or MFA in creative writing required. Candidate will be 
expected to teach courses in a humanities-based core curriculum emphasizing 
breadth of literary knowledge and includes opportunities to teach literature 
courses for majors. Additional experience sought in community writing programs, 
electronic publishing, and writing and the other arts. Undergraduate creative 
writing majors offer courses in four genres (poetry, nonfiction, fiction and 
playwriting) at introductory and advanced levels. Teaching load is seven courses 
(3–2-2) in quarter system. Candidates should show evidence of successful teaching, 
scholarly productivity, and engagement with departmental, college, or community 
service. Located in the Columbus metropolitan area, Otterbein is a 
private college offering both liberal arts and professional education. Letters of application, 
curriculum vitae, and 3 current letters of recommendation should be 
sent to Dr. Patricia Frick, VPAA, One Otterbein College, Westerville, OH 
43081; e-mail inquiries to kmacaluso@otterbein.edu. (Web page: www 
.otterbein.edu). Deadline: November 7, 2005. AA/EOE. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Cincinnati 

English & Comp Lit, PO Box 210069 Cincinnati OH 45221 

Assistant Professor of English 599 

http://asweb.artsci.uc.edu/english/ 
University of Cincinnati. British Romanticism. Assistant Professor, tenure-track. 
Seeking Romanticist with broad expertise in nineteenth-century texts and issues 
to teach undergraduate Survey of English Literature, graduate and undergraduate 
courses in Romanticism, and to help provide contexts for graduate program's 
focus on modern and contemporary literatures. Demonstrated commitment to 
excellence in research and teaching required. Teaching load: 2 courses per quarter. 
PhD completed by September 1, 2006 starting date. Competitive salary and 
benefits. Interviews at MLA. For full consideration send letter and c.v. by Nov. 1 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


to Leland S. Person, Head, Dept. of English, ML 0069, University of Cincinnati, 
Cincinnati, OH 45221-0069. The University of Cincinnati is an EO/AA 
employer and actively seeks applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 

U of Cincinnati 

English & Comp Lit, PO Box 210069 Cincinnati OH 45221 

Assistant Professor of English 782 

http://asweb.artsci.uc.edu/english 
Professional Writing. Assistant Professor, tenure-track. Duties: upper-level undergraduate 
and graduate teaching in certificate and MA programs and in service 
courses, conducting scholarship in professional writing, advising graduate students, 
periodically helping to administer the professional writing program, and 
participating in service to the university and profession. Required: PhD in rhetoric, 
professional writing, or related area (degree completion by September 1, 
2006, start date); demonstrated ability to teach technical and business writing; 
knowledge of principles, practices, and computer software appropriate for these 
courses; experience as a professional writer outside academic settings. Ability to 
teach relevant computer applications a plus. Teaching load: 2 courses per quarter. 
Competitive salary and benefits. Interviews at MLA. For full consideration send 
letter, CV, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation by Nov. 1 to Leland 
S. Person, Head, Dept. of English, ML 0069, University of Cincinnati, 
Cincinnati, OH 45221-0069. The University of Cincinnati is an EO/AA 
employer and actively seeks applications from women and minority 
candidates. [R] 

U of Cincinnati-Clermont C 

Humanities, 4200 Clermont College Dr Batavia OH 45103 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English 865 

http://www.uc/clermont.edu 
University of Cincinnati, Clermont College is seeking applications for a tenure-
track position available at assistant or associate professor rank. Earned doctorate 
in English or related field such as rhetoric, English education, or creative writing 
with college-level teaching experience in composition required. Specialization in 
or professional commitment to Composition and Rhetoric highly desirable. Secondary 
specialization in one of the following areas: developmental writing, journalism, 
or technical and professional writing. This position includes teaching 12 
credit hours per quarter as well as participation in formative assessment and cur


riculum development in the English area, service at the Divisional and College 
levels, and on-going engagement in scholarly activities. 
Potential to serve as coordinator of English area and to be involved in the devel


opment of a writing center. The University of Cincinnati Clermont College is 
an open-access, regional campus of the University of Cincinnati, located approximately 
20 miles from downtown. [R] 

U of Cincinnati-Clermont C 

Humanities, 4200 Clermont College Dr Batavia OH 45103 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English 868 

http://www.uc/clermont.edu 
University of Cincinnati, Clermont College is seeking applications for a tenure-
track position available at assistant professor rank. Earned doctorate in American 
Literature with college-level teaching experience in composition required. 

Strong professional emphasis in Composition and Rhetoric and American Literature 
highly desirable. 
This position includes teaching 12 credit hours per quarter as well as participa


tion in formative assessment and curriculum development in the English area, 
service at the Divisional and College levels, and on-going engagement in scholarly 
activities. The University of Cincinnati Clermont College is an open-access, 
regional campus of the University of Cincinnati, located approximately 20 miles 
from downtown [R] 

U of Dayton 

English, 300 College Park Dayton OH 45469 

Assistant Professor of English 476 

http://www.udayton.edu 
Tenure-track position in American Literature and Literary Theory. Responsibilities 
include teaching courses in the fields of specialization, introductory literature 
courses, composition, and occasional courses in the department's M.A. program. 
Teaching load is three courses each semester. Excellent teaching and publication 
are expected, as well as service and student advising. We are particularly interested 
in candidates with additional background in Cultural Studies and/or African 
American literature. Ph.D. must be completed by June 2006. Send letter of 
application and curriculum vitae to Brian Conniff, Chair, by November 15. The 
University of Dayton, a comprehensive Catholic university founded by the 
Society of Mary in 1850, is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to 
apply. The University of Dayton is firmly committed to the principle of 
diversity. [R] 

Wright SU 

English, Col Glenn Hwy Dayton OH 45435 

Assistant Professor, English Education/Integrated Language Arts 505 

http://www.wright.edu/cola/Dept/eng/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor in English Education, to begin September 2006. 
Required: Doctorate by the time of employment; primary expertise in second


ary writing and reading pedagogy and/or young adult literature; three years of 


secondary or middle-school teaching experience or the equivalent. 
Preferred: Secondary area of expertise in a relevant field, which could include 
composition and rhetoric, media or drama education, nonwestern literature, ethnic 
and regional literature, British or American literature, language and linguistics, 
or other fields in the discipline of English; college-level teaching experience 
and evidence of successful teaching, which could also include teacher education 
or school district in-service workshops; evidence of successful scholarship and 
promise of future publication in field. This position is a joint appointment in the 
Department of English (70%) and the Department of Teacher Education (30%). 


Load: Seven courses over three quarters plus advising and service. Teacher preparation 
courses in an innovative, discipline-intensive curriculum, including specialized 
courses in reading and writing workshop pedagogy, young adult 
literature, and a capstone course in Integrated Language Arts. All department 
faculty must be able to teach composition. Individuals whose primary interest 
and publications are in traditional British or American literature should not apply 
for this position. Salary competitive. 


Preliminary interviews are planned for NCTE in Pittsburgh and by telephone. 
Possible interviews at other sites. Please send cv and letter discussing teaching interests, 
teaching philosophy, and scholarly interests to Nancy Mack and Angela 
Beumer Johnson, Search Committee Co-Chairs, Department of English Language 
and Literatures, Wright State University, Dayton, OH 45435 


Or you may email your documents as attachments (.doc or .rtf formats please) to: 
nancy.mack@wright.edu. 
Deadline for first consideration: November 1, 2005. 
AA/EOE [R] 


Xavier U 

English, 3800 Victory Pky Cincinnati OH 45207 

Assistant Professor of English 661 

http://www.xu.edu 
Xavier University, a Catholic University in the Jesuit tradition, seeks a tenure 
track Assistant Professor of English with a specialty in British Romanticism and a 
secondary interest in Rhetoric/Composition beginning Fall 2006. The successful 
candidate will also be expected to teach general literature courses. Ph.D. required. 
Xavier University has a strong commitment to diversity and, building 
upon recent success, seeks a broad spectrum of candidates including women and 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


minorities. Interviews of selected candidates will be conducted at the MLA 
Convention in December 2005. For additional information, please refer to www 
.xavier.edu/english. Send complete dossier including transcript and three letters 
of recommendation by November 11, 2005 to: Dr. Tyrone Williams, Chair, Department 
of English, Xavier University, 3800 Victory Parkway, Cincinnati, OH 
45207-4446. 

OKLAHOMA 
Cameron U 

English, 2800 W Gore Blvd Lawton OK 73505 

Assistant Professor of English 961 

http://www.cameron.edu 
Assistant Professor of English (tenure track). Specialization in Composition and 
Rhetoric. secondary field in one or more of the following areas: creative writing 
(non-fiction), modernism, diversity studies, post-colonial literature, medieval literature, 
genre studies. Teaching load: twelve hours per semester. Scholarly activity 
and service expected. PhD in hand by August, 2006. One year of teaching 
experience required. Preferred qualifications: PhD in hand at time of interview. 
Two years of teaching experience at the college or university level. Experience 
with design and administration of freshman composition program. Preference 
will be given to applications received by November 15, 2005. Submit letter of 
application, resume, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to John 
Morris, Chair, Search and Screening Committee F091, Cameron University, 
2800 West Gore Blvd., Lawton, OK 73505. 

Cameron U 

English, 2800 W Gore Blvd Lawton OK 73505 

Assistant Professor of English 963 

http://www.cameron.edu 
Assistant Professor of English (tenure-track). Specialization in Composition and 
Rhetoric, with expertise in ESL and/or developmental writing. Teaching load: 
twelve hours per semester. Scholarly activity and service expected. PhD in hand 
by August, 2006; one year of teaching experience required. Preferred qualifications: 
PhD in hand at time of interview. Two years of teaching experience at the 
college or university level. Secondary field in one or more of the following areas: 
creative writing (non-fiction), modernism, diversity studies, post-colonial literature, 
medieval literature, genre studies. Preference will be given to applications 
received by November 15, 2005. Submit letter of application, resume, transcripts, 
and three letters of recommendation to John Morris, Chair, Search and 
Screening Committee F099, Cameron University, 2800 West Gore Blvd., Law-
ton, OK 73505. 

OREGON 
Oregon Inst of Tech 

Communications, 3201 Campus Dr Klamath Falls OR 97601 

Associate Professor-Communications 124 

http://www.oit.edu 
Oregon Institute of Technology, a public four-year institution, seeks candidates 

for a full-time tenure track position in the Communication Department, begin


ning winter term 2006. 

We seek a communication generalist who can teach general education courses in 

oral and/or written communication, and upper division courses in at least two of 
the following areas: 
Communication theory and research 
Interpersonal communication 
Intercultural communication 
Conflict communication 

Organizational communication 
Technical communication 
Visual communication 
Media communication 
In addition, the candidate is expected to advise students and participate on de


partmental and university committees. A Ph.D in Communications is required; 


however, applicants who are ABD in Communication will also be considered. 
Screening of applications will begin November 1, 2005, and continue until the 
position is filled. To apply, send a letter of application, current vita, and copies of 
transcripts to: Office of Human Resources, #06–66602, Oregon Institute of 
Technology, 3201 Campus Drive, Klamath Falls, OR 97601. Application material 
can also be e-mailed to oithr@oit.edu, or faxed (541) 885-1115. 


For further information, please visit the OIT website at www.oit.edu/hr/9, or 
contact Dr. Kevin Brown, Search Chair, at (541) 885-1891. 
OIT is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/ADA employer. 


Reed C 

English, 3203 SE Woodstock Blvd Portland OR 97202 

Visiting Assistant Professor of Creative Writing/Poetry 187 

http://web.reed.edu 
Visiting One-Year Appointment in Creative Writing (with a concentration in 
Poetry) Beginning fall (August) 2006. Rank open. To teach five undergraduate 
writing workshops/courses per year at a highly selective liberal arts college with 
an emphasis on excellence in teaching. The job also includes advising five to 
seven senior theses a year and helping to manage a visiting writers' reading series. 
Reed has only two positions in Creative Writing; with this in mind, the successful 
candidate will be asked to help oversee a program for students that is integrated 
with the English Department and to work with colleagues to design other 
ways of giving creative writing a presence on campus. M.F.A. or the equivalent 
required. We will be seeking someone with proven teaching ability and an active 
engagement in writing and publication on the national level. EOE. Letters including 
a CV, short writing sample, and dossier or three confidential letters of 
recommendation should be sent to: Lisa Steinman, Chair, Creative Writing/ 
Poetry Search, Reed College, 3202 S.E. Woodstock Boulevard, Portland, Oregon 
97202. Complete applications must be received by November 1, 
2005. [R] 

Reed C 

English, 3203 SE Woodstock Blvd Portland OR 97202 

Visiting Assistant Professor of English 542 

http://web.reed.edu 
Possible Visiting One-Year Assistant Professor in English (with a concentration in 
Poetry) beginning fall (August) 2006. To teach two undergraduate courses, one 
an introduction to poetry and poetics course for sophomores, one an upper-division 
course in the poetry of one period at a highly selective liberal arts college 
with an emphasis on excellence in teaching. The job also includes teaching one 
section per semester in a team-taught, writing-intensive Humanities course and 
advising senior theses in English. Ph.D. in hand or near completion. We will be 
seeking someone with proven teaching ability and an active engagement in their 
field. Please send letters of application along with cvs and dossiers with at least 
three letters of recommendation to Ellen Stauder, Professor of English and Humanities 
and Chair of the English Search Committee; Reed College, 3203 SE 
Woodstock Blvd. Portland, OR 97202. Complete applications must be received 
by November 15. [R] 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor, Literature of the Americas 875 

http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/ 
The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a tenure-track assistant 
professor who specializes in fiction from the diverse national writings that 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


comprise the literature of the Americas and whose scholarship fully engages issues 
of race and ethnicity. We are interested in candidates who have research programs 
that complement those of an active, diverse, and interdisciplinary faculty, 
who can teach graduate and undergraduate courses in the field, and who are 
committed to the continued development of ethnic literary studies at the University 
of Oregon. Minimum requirements: Ph.D. in English or related field in 
hand by time of appointment strongly preferred. Salary for this position is competitive 
and significant development funds may be associated with it. To learn 
more about the English Department, see http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/ 

Applicants should send a letter, c.v., references, and a writing sample of no more 
than 20 pages by November 5 to: English Department Head, University of Oregon, 
Eugene, OR 97403-1286 

The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. We invite applications from candidates who share our commitment 
to diversity. [R] 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor, African-American or Latina/Latino Film and Media Studies 
879 

http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/ 
The University of Oregon Department of English is searching for a tenure-track 
Assistant Professor in film, television or new media, with an emphasis on critical 
race and ethnicity studies. We are especially interested in someone whose research 
focuses on the areas of African-American or Latina/o film, television, or 
new media. Specific areas of expertise might include: US, transnational or border 
cinema, TV, or new media; visual culture; alternative media; stars and performance; 
identity and representation; queer theory; authorship; documentary; and 
audience/reception. We are interested in candidates with research programs that 
complement those of an active, diverse, and interdisciplinary faculty and who can 
teach graduate and undergraduate courses in the field. Minimum requirements: 
Ph.D. in English or related field (or, where appropriate, terminal degree in related 
field) in hand by time of appointment strongly preferred. Salary for this position 
is competitive and significant development funds may be associated with it. 

To learn more about the English Department, see http://darkwing.uoregon 
.edu/~engl/ 
Applicants should send a letter, c.v., references, and a research sample by Novem


ber 5 to: English Department Head, University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 97403


1286 
The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. We invite applications from candidates who share our commitment 
to diversity. [R] 

U of Oregon 

English, 1286 Univ of Oregon Eugene OR 97403 

Assistant Professor, Modern Irish Literature 881 

http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/ 
The University of Oregon English Department is searching for a tenure-track assistant 
professor in the field of Modern Irish Literature. We welcome in particular 
candidates whose scholarship engages issues of empire, colonialism, ethnicity, 
or race. We are interested in candidates who have research programs that complement 
those of an active, diverse, and interdisciplinary faculty, and who can 
teach graduate and undergraduate courses in the field. Minimum requirements: 
Ph.D. in English or related field in hand by time of appointment strongly preferred. 
Salary for this position is competitive and significant development funds 

may be associated with it. To learn more about the English Department, see 
http://darkwing.uoregon.edu/~engl/ 
Applicants should send a letter, c.v., references, and a research sample by Novem


ber 5 to: English Department Head, University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 974031286 


The University of Oregon is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution 
committed to cultural diversity and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities 
Act. We invite applications from candidates who share our commitment 
to diversity. [R] 

U of Portland 

English, 5000 N Willamette Blvd Portland OR 97203 

Assistant Professor of English 201 

http://www.college.up.edu/english/ 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track, Fall 2006. American literature after 1900, Ph.D. 
at appointment. Also demonstrated preparation in composition/rhetoric and either 
global or multi-ethnic literature. Teaching excellence, ongoing program of 
research/publication, service to Department and University necessary for advancement. 
Three course/semester teaching load. Our department of eight full 
time professors rotates through composition and introduction to literature, as 
well as upper-division courses in specialties. Preliminary interviews at MLA conference. 
Submit application by November 1, 2005—curriculum vitae, letter of 
application, three letters of recommendation, graduate transcripts (dossier okay), 
and a 10–25 page writing sample—to: Americanist Search, John Orr, English 

Department, University of Portland, 5000 N. Willamette Blvd., Portland, OR 
97203 
The University of Portland is a Catholic institution, dedicated to excellent teach


ing at the undergraduate level. We particularly welcome candidates who wish to 
work in such an environment. EOE/AA. [R] 

U of Portland 

English, 5000 N Willamette Blvd Portland OR 97203 

Assistant Professor of English 202 

http://www.college.up.edu/english/ 
Assistant Professor, tenure-track, Fall 2006. Medieval/early modern British literature. 
Ph.D. at appointment. Also demonstrated preparation in composition/ 
rhetoric. Teaching excellence, ongoing program of research/publication, service 
to Department and University necessary for advancement. Three course/ 
semester teaching load. Our department of eight full time professors rotates 
through composition and introduction to literature, as well as upper-division 
courses in specialties. Preliminary interviews at MLA conference. Submit application 
by November 1, 2005—curriculum vitae, letter of application, three letters 
of recommendation, graduate transcripts (dossier okay), and a 10–25 page 
writing sample—to: Medieval/early modern British Search, Herman Asarnow, 

Chair, English Department, University of Portland, 5000 N. Willamette Blvd., 
Portland, OR 97203 
The University of Portland is a Catholic institution, dedicated to excellent teach


ing at the undergraduate level. We particularly welcome candidates who wish to 
work in such an environment. EOE/AA. [R] 

Willamette U 

English, 900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Assistant Professor of English 450 

http://www.willamette.edu/cla/english 
The Willamette University English Department invites applications for a tenure-
track position in Anglophone Literature before 1800, excluding Shakespeare. We 
particularly seek expertise in 17th and 18th century literature; desireable sub-
fields include postcolonial or world literature. The department seeks a Ph.D. 
with publications in her/his field and a strong commitment to teaching both lit


erature and writing. Customary teaching load at Willamette is six courses per 
year, including general education and writing-centered courses. 
Applications should include a short essay (1000 words maximum) on your ap


proaches to teaching and your expected contribution to a department both generalist 
and interdisciplinary. Please send essay, letter of application, vitae, and 
contact information for three references to Gretchen Flesher Moon, Chair, Department 
of English, Willamette University, 900 State Street, Salem, Oregon 
97301. Review begins 4 November 2005. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Willamette University has made a strong institutional commitment to diversifying 
its faculty, student body, and undergraduate curriculum. We encourage qualified 
candidates from minority communities to apply. For more information, see 
http://www.willamette.edu/dept.hr. employment/. [R] 

Willamette U 

English, 900 State St Salem OR 97301 

Hallie Ford Chair in Creative Writing 451 

http://www.willamette.edu/cla/english 
The English Department of Willamette University, a selective liberal arts college 
in the Pacific Northwest, invites candidates for the Hallie Brown Ford Chair in 
Writing. This is a two year writer in residence position that begins in August 
2006; the position is renewable for a second two year period. We seek a creative 
writer of distinguished achievement or demonstrated promise who is 
dedicated to the teaching of writing. Substantial publication and an MFA or 

equivalent are required. The Ford Chair customarily teaches four courses per 
year and organizes a series of readings by visiting writers. Salary is competitive. 
Please send a letter of application addressing the relationship between creative 

writing and teaching, a resume, a writing sample (20 pages max.), and contact 
information for three references to Professor Gretchen Flesher Moon, English 
Dept., Willamette University, 900 State Street, Salem OR 97301 
gmoon@willamette.edu. Review of applications will begin 4 November 2005. 

Willamette University maintains a strong commitment to diversity in its faculty, 
student body, and undergraduate curriculum. We encourage qualified candidates 
from minority communities to apply. For more information, see http://www 
.willamette.edu/dept.hr. employment/. [R] 

PENNSYLVANIA 
Bloomsburg U 

English, 400 E 2nd St Bloomsburg PA 17815 

Writing Center Director 186 

http://www.bloomu.edu 
Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor (AA# 20–5-34) to direct University 
Writing Center and teach composition and rhetoric courses. Twelve-hour per 

semester load: half directing Writing Center; half teaching one lower-level composition 
course and one upper-level writing or composition theory course. 
Required: Ph.D. in English, rhetoric/composition, or related field by Au


gust 2006; experience in a peer-staffed writing center. Preferred: experience in 
writing center administration; experience teaching advanced courses (e.g., writing 
for the professions, writing for the internet, composition theory); demonstrated 
ability to work with diverse populations. 

Applications should establish a strong commitment to the teaching of writing 
and experience in the work of an undergraduate writing center. Recommendation 
for hiring requires a majority vote by the full-time department faculty. Finalists 
for the position must communicate well and successfully complete an 
interview with the department faculty. 

Applicants should submit letter, cv, and three letters of recommendation. For full 
consideration, application should be postmarked no later than November 10, 
2005. Send to Professor Mike McCully, Search Committee, Department of English, 
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, 400 East Second Street, Blooms-
burg PA 17815. 

Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania encourages applications from historically 
under-represented individuals, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities 
and is an AA/EEO Employer. The campus is handicapped accessible. 

Bloomsburg U 

English, 400 E 2nd St Bloomsburg PA 17815 

Full-time, tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 598 

http://www.bloomu.edu 
(AA#20–5-35) 
Generalist with demonstrated excellence in teaching, to teach composition and 


lower division literature courses and develop innovative general education litera


ture courses. Twelve-credit per semester teaching load. 
Required: Ph.D. in English or related field by August 2006. Preference given to 
applicants with two years or more college teaching experience, potential for 
scholarly growth, and teaching experience and/or research in more than one 
area. 


Applicants should establish a strong commitment to developing and teaching 
successful lower-division courses for non-majors in both writing and literature. 
Recommendation for hiring requires a majority vote by the full-time department 
faculty. Finalists for the position must communicate well and successfully 
complete an interview with the department faculty. Demonstrated ability to 
work with diverse populations preferred. 


Applicants should submit letter, cv, and three letters of recommendation. For full 
consideration, application should be postmarked no later than October 28, 2005. 
Send to Dr. Ferda Asya, 20–5-35 Search Committee, Department of English, 
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, 400 East Second Street, Bloomsburg PA 
17815. 


Interviews at MLA. 
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania encourages applications from historically 
under-represented individuals, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities 
and is an AA/EEO Employer. The campus is handicapped accessible. 


Bucknell U 

English, Lewisburg PA 17837 

Assistant Professor of English 191 

http://www.departments.bucknell.edu/english 
Bucknell University seeks to hire a tenure-track assistant professor (entry-level 
preferred) of Post-Colonial Literature and Race/Ethnic Studies, preferably with 
secondary specialization in Film Studies, to complement the areas of specialization 
of others in the department. Candidates will be expected to teach literature 
courses at beginning, intermediate, and advanced levels, some courses covering 
theoretical issues, as well as composition. Ph.D. required; some teaching experience 
and publications desirable. Application deadline is November 1, 2005. Send 
letter of application, CV, and recommendations to Professor Harold Schweizer, 
Chair, Department of English, Bucknell University, Lewisburg, PA 17837. 
Bucknell University encourages applications from women and members of minority 
groups (EEO/AA). Please visit the Bucknell English Department on the 
web at http://www.departments.bucknell.edu/english. [R] 

Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 5000 Forbes Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric 381 

http://english.cmu.edu 
The Department of English at Carnegie Mellon University invites applications 
for a tenure-track position as an entry-level or advanced Assistant Professor of 
Rhetoric. Research areas may include but are not limited to institutional discourses, 
rhetoric of public health, medical communication, rhetoric of science, 
science writing, intercultural communication, rhetoric of public policy, argu


mentation, and community literacy and local publics. We welcome a range of research 
methods: historical, discourse analytic, observational (e.g., ethnography). 
The successful candidate will demonstrate a theoretically grounded approach to 
teaching in our professional as well as academic programs. The Rhetoric Program 
supervises a B. A. in professional writing, a B. S. in technical writing, an 

M.A. in professional writing, an M. Design in communication planning and information 
design (joint with the School of Design), and an M.A. and Ph.D. in 
ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


rhetoric. The program also contributes courses to the English Department's B.A. 

in creative writing and in English. 
The Department of English consists of BA programs in creative, professional, and 
technical writing and a BA in English. It further consists of MA and PhD programs 
in rhetoric and literary and cultural studies, an MA program in professional 
writing and Masters of Design program in Information Planning and 
Communication Design, run jointly by the Department of English and the 
School of Design. 

Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by the time of the appointment in Rhetoric, 
Communication Studies, English, Linguistics, or closely related field. We will 
prefer candidates with successful teaching experiences, research and publication 
records, and interdisciplinary skills appropriate to teaching and publishing in 
rhetoric and written communication. We will also prefer candidates who, in addition 
to teaching in their specialization, can teach in our general curriculum. 

The successful candidate is expected to establish a strong research program, demonstrate 
excellent teaching performance, and contribute to professional and public 
service. Duties include: teach and develop undergraduate and graduate 
courses; supervise graduate student research; develop a research program; participate 
in faculty governance; participate in department, university, professional and 
public service. 

Appointment, Rank, and Salary: Nine-month, tenure-track position; rank of assistant 
professor; competitive salary. The teaching load is two courses each semester. 
Starting date is Fall, 2006 

Application Procedure: Send letter of application that includes a cover letter, a 
curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to: Professor David S. Kaufer, c/o 
Vickie Makel, Department of English, Baker Hall 259, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, 
ATTN: Rhetoric Position 

Application Deadline: Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2005 
and continue until the position is filled. To insure full consideration applications 
should be postmarked by November 1, 2005. 

We plan to make a preliminary selection of potential candidates early in December 
and hope to meet with candidates at the Modern Language Association 
meeting in December. We anticipate campus interviews in January. 

Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer. For further information about department and university, see: http:// 
english.cmu.edu [R] 

Carnegie Mellon U 

English, 5000 Forbes Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Lecturer to Direct Freshman English 385 

http://english.cmu.edu 
The Department of English at Carnegie Mellon invites applications for a teaching 
track faculty member at the rank of Lecturer to direct the CMU Freshman 
English Program. The initial appointment will be a 3-year term. (Teaching track 
appointments at Carnegie Mellon are career tracks and are renewable; there are 
advancement opportunities to the ranks of ranks of Associate and Full Professor 
of Teaching with 5-year contracts). The Freshman English program is taught 
transnationally, both on CMU's Pittsburgh and Doha (Qatar) campus and preference 
will be given to candidates who exhibit the necessary motivation, interest 
and experience to direct a transnational program. Funding for this position is 

shared between the Department of English, and the Provost's office under a proposal 
to build a transnational communication program. 
Description of the Program 
The Freshman Program consists of 76–101, running approximately 32 sections 

in the fall semester and 24 sections in the spring semester in Pittsburgh, and 2 
sections per semester in Doha. It also consists of 76–100, Introduction to Academic 
Reading and Writing, with approximately two sections per semester on 
both the Pittsburgh and Doha campuses. Both 76–100 and 101 are integrated 
academic reading-writing courses that teach students how to summarize, synthesize, 
and analyze information from texts for insights they can bring into their 
own writing. 

Qualifications: 
PhD in English or a related field that supports a pedagogical interest in freshman-
level reading and writing. Must have a professional interest, if not prior back


ground, in understanding the challenges of second as well as first language 
writers. 


Chief Responsibilities: 
Run a year-long teacher-training internship program that provides teachers in 
the freshman program with current information in reading and writing pedagogies, 
syllabus development, commenting on student papers, and so on; take responsibility 
for graduate teacher career development, mentoring, and evaluation, 
including class visitations; conduct needs assessments to insure that 76–100 and 
76–101 are meeting the instructional needs of students in Pittsburgh and Doha; 
represent and explain the Freshman English program to all academic units of the 
university and widely collaborate with these units as required; serve as liaison between 
graduate instructors and faculty on matters of pedagogy; respond 
promptly to relevant requests from students, parents, faculty, staff, and sponsors; 
work with department staff to make sure that section sizes are well-balanced; assume 
a teaching load of one section of 76–100 or 76–101 per semester. 


Appointment, Rank, and Salary: 
Ten-month, teaching-track non-tenured position; competitive salary. The teach


ing load is one course per semester plus year long teaching internship. Starting 
date is Fall, 2006 
Application Procedure: 
Send letter of application that includes a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, and 


three letters of reference to: Professor David S. Kaufer, c/o Vickie Makel, Department 
of English, Baker Hall 259, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, ATTN: Lecturer 
Position in Freshman English 


Application Deadline: 
Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2005 and continue until the 


position is filled. To insure full consideration applications should be postmarked 
by November 1, 2005. 
We plan to make a preliminary selection of potential candidates early in Decem


ber and hope to meet with candidates at the Modern Language Association 


meeting in December. We anticipate campus interviews in January. 
Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action 
employer. For further information about department and universityvisit http:// 
english.cmu.edu. [R] 


Chatham C 

English, Woodland Rd Pittsburgh PA 15232 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.chatham.edu 
Chatham College invites applications for a fiction writer with demonstrated 
commitment to environmental writing or writing with a strong sense of place 
for our innovative MFA program, which focuses on nature, environmental, and 
travel writing. The appointment will be made at the Assistant Professor level, and 


will carry a six-course teaching load, all of which will be taught in the MFA program. 
A nine-month renewable-term contract beginning August 2006 includes advis


ing graduate students, directing theses and continued creative work. An MFA or 
Ph.D., significant publications and teaching experience are required. Candidates 
with the ability to teach in a second genre are preferred. 


Chatham College offers a competitive salary, an excellent benefits package, in


cluding tuition remission for qualified personnel, and a generous retirement plan. 
Finalists will be interviewed at the MLA conference in December. Please send 
letter of application, c.v., 3 letters of recommendation, and a writing sample by 
November 15, 2005, to: Chatham College, Human Resources Department, Job 
#812, Woodland Road, Pittsburgh, PA 15232, e-mail: chathr@chatham.edu 


Visit: www.chatham.edu 
Chatham College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer [R] 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Duquesne U 

English, 600 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15282 

Fiction Writing 795 

http://www.duq.edu 
Duquesne University welcomes applications for the position of Assistant Professor 
in Fiction Writing, to begin in August 2006, pending budgetary approval. 
Secondary interests in other areas of creative and professional writing, editing, or 
film studies will be of particular interest to the department. The successful candidate 
will have a record, or show great promise, of effectively teaching undergraduates; 
will demonstrate publishing potential; and will hold an M.F.A. or a PhD in 
Creative Writing. This position will primarily serve the undergraduate population 
at the University, including English majors and non-majors, although will 
include opportunity to develop graduate-level courses within our MA and PhD 
programs. The candidate will be expected to develop courses in support of the 
current critical/creative writing track in the English major and to undertake a 

central role in building an undergraduate creative writing program within the 
English Department. 
The department seeks a candidate with an imaginative capacity to engage in co


operative work with the department's Theater Arts Program, and with the requirements 
of the University Core program. Teaching load will be five courses 
per academic year; additionally, this position will require the organization of creative 
writing activities and outreach, such as developing a reading series on campus, 
connecting students with local writers and writing opportunities, and 
advising the literary arts magazine. 

To apply, mail ONLY a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and names and 
addresses of at least three professional references to Professor Linda Kinnahan, 
Chairperson of the Fiction Writing Hiring Committee, Department of English, 
637 College Hall, Duquesne University, 600 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 
15282. For first consideration, applications should be postmarked by 
November 4, 2005, but the search may be extended, if needed, until the position 
is filled. Founded by the Holy Ghost Fathers in 1879, Duquesne University is 
Catholic in mission and ecumenical in spirit. The University values equality of 
opportunity both as an educational institution and as an employer. [R] 

East Stroudsburg U 

English, 200 Prospect St East Stroudsburg PA 18301 

American Literature Specialist (Position #03033) 949 

The Department of English invites applications for the following tenure-track 
position beginning Fall 2006. Salary and rank commensurate with experience. 
Applicants who demonstrate a commitment to teaching, scholarship, and experience 
working with diverse populations are preferred. Full consideration will be 
given to applications received by November 15, 2005. Send a letter of application 
that indicates area of expertise and experience, a vita, and three recent letters 
of recommendation to the attention of Dr. Leigh Smith, English Department, 
East Stroudsburg University, East Stroudsburg, PA 18301. 

American Literature Specialist (Position #03033): A Ph. D. in English with specialization 
in the early periods of American Literature (1620–1865) is required. 
Candidates who provide evidence of a commitment to teaching composition 
and/or scholarship in academic writing or diversity studies are preferred. To learn 
more about diversity at ESU and in our community visit our web site at www 
.esu.edu/diversity/home.asp. Course load is 12 hours per semester, up to half in 
composition. 

Located in the scenic Pocono Mountains within ninety minutes of New York 
City and two hours of Philadelphia, East Stroudsburg University is one of fourteen 
universities in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. Founded 
in 1893, with a current enrollment of 6,000, the University has a rich academic 
tradition and continues to build on its sense of history with unique new undergraduate 
and graduate degree programs, and plans for a major new Science and 
Technology Center. Offering 60 undergraduate degree programs and graduate 
degrees in 19 areas, the University is experiencing increasing enrollments and is 
poised for continued growth. The University is adjacent to the unspoiled 
Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, in a community that offers options 
for suburban, small city, or country living. ESU is an equal opportunity 
employer. Minorities and women are strongly encouraged to apply. 

Visit our homepage at www.esu.edu 

East Stroudsburg U 

English, 200 Prospect St East Stroudsburg PA 18301 

Professional and Media Writing Specialist (Position #03258) 950 

The English Department invites applications for the following tenure-track position 
beginning Fall 2006. Salary and rank are commensurate with experience. 
Full consideration will be given to applications received by November 15, 2005. 
Please send an application letter, CV, official transcripts, and at least three letters 
of recommendation by mail to Dr. Rhonda Ray, Chair of the Search Committee, 
English Department, East Stroudsburg University, East Stroudsburg, PA 
18301. 

Professional and Media Writing Specialist (Position #03258): The English Department 
seeks a writing specialist with demonstrated expertise in non-fiction 
and/or creative non-fiction. MFA or PhD and training and experience in teaching 
composition are required. Preference will be given to individuals with experience 
in one or more of the following: journalism, editing, or other kinds of 
professional writing, including such areas as technology and writing or writing 
for film, television, or the World Wide Web. Demonstrated ability and experience 
in working with diverse populations are preferred. To learn more about diversity 
at ESU and in our community, visit our web site at www.esu.edu/ 
diversity/home.asp. The successful candidate will contribute to the Department's 
established writing track offerings and help in the development of a new track in 
Professional and Media Writing. Course load is four courses each semester, 
which, in addition to specialized writing courses, usually includes composition 
and general education courses for non-majors. 

Located in the scenic Pocono Mountains within ninety minutes of New York 
City and two hours of Philadelphia, East Stroudsburg University is one of fourteen 
universities in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. Founded 
in 1893, with a current enrollment of 6,000, the University has a rich academic 
tradition and continues to build on its sense of history with unique new undergraduate 
and graduate degree programs and plans for a major new Science and 
Technology Center. Offering 60 undergraduate degree programs and graduate 
degrees in 19 areas, the University is experiencing increasing enrollments and is 
poised for continued growth. The University is adjacent to the Delaware Water 
Gap National Recreation Area and is located in a community offering options 
for suburban, small-city, or country living. ESU is an equal opportunity 
employer. Minorities and women are strongly encouraged to apply. Visit our 
homepage at www.esu.edu 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

Composition and Rhetoric-Tenure track position 190 

http://www.kutztown.edu/acad/english/Comp/ 
Kutztown University enrolls approximately 10,000 students in graduate and undergraduate 
programs. The University is located in the borough of Kutztown in 
a charming rural setting and is within 30 minutes driving time of the diverse 
metropolitan areas Allentown/Bethlehem and Reading, and within 60 minutes 

of the Philadelphia metropolitan area. The University is very interested in hiring 
employees who have had extensive experience with diverse populations. 
The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track position in Com


position and Rhetoric beginning fall 2006. PhD in Composition and Rhetoric 
preferred, ABD required. Demonstrated experience and research in one or more 
of the following areas a plus: Writing Center, Writing Program Administration, 
History of Composition and Rhetoric, Cultural Rhetoric, or WAC. Strong applicants 
will also have a secondary area/emphasis in Cultural Studies. The 4/4 
teaching load will include College Composition, Introduction to College Composition, 
Honors Composition, and Advanced Composition with opportunities 
to teach occasional upper-level and graduate courses in Composition and Rhetoric. 
Future opportunities include developing and teaching Cultural Studies 
classes. Three (3) years of college-level teaching experience required with significant 
experience teaching Composition. Successful interview and demonstration 
of teaching abilities required. Send a letter of application, vita, three current letters 
of reference, and all official college-level transcripts to Dr. Kevin Mahoney, 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Chair, Composition Faculty Search Committee, 241 Lytle Hall, English Department, 
Kutztown University, Kutztown, PA 19530. Only complete application 
packets will be considered. Review of applications will begin November 15, 
2005 for MLA interviews and will continue until the position is filled. For more 
information on our program, visit our website at: www.kutztown.edu/ 
acad/english/Comp/or contact the Committee Chair at Mahoney@kutztown 
.edu. 

Kutztown University is an AA/EOE/member of the PA State System of Higher 
Education and actively solicits applications from women and minority candidates. 
For more information about employment opportunities, visit our website 
at: www.kutztown.edu/employment. 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

Tenure-Track position in Early English Literature 192 

http://www.kutztown.edu/acad/english/Welcome.htm 
Kutztown University enrolls approximately 10,000 students in graduate and undergraduate 
programs. The University is located in the borough of Kutztown in 
a charming rural setting and is within 30 minutes driving time of the diverse 
metropolitan areas Allentown/Bethlehem and Reading, and within 60 minutes 

of the Philadelphia metropolitan area. The University is very interested in hiring 
employees who have had extensive experience with diverse populations. 
The English Department invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Profes


sor position in Early English Literature beginning August 2006. Ph. D. in Medieval 
Literature preferred, ABD considered. A strong applicant will be an effective 
teacher, a scholar with a compelling research record or potential, and a colleague 
ready to participate in department and university business. The 4/4 teaching load 
will include literature and composition, with opportunities to teach occasional 
upper-division and graduate courses in areas of expertise. Three years of college-
level teaching experience required, with evidence of ability to teach Medieval 
Literature (including Chaucer) and History of the Language. Successful interview 
and demonstration of teaching abilities required. Send a letter of application, 
vita, three current letters of reference, and all official college-level 
transcripts to Dr. Jennifer Forsyth, Chair, Early English Faculty Search Committee, 
241 Lytle Hall, English Department, Kutztown University, Kutztown, PA 
19530. Only complete application packets will be considered. Review of applications 
will begin November 15, 2005, for MLA interviews and will continue 
until the position is filled. For more information on our program, visit out website 
at http://www.kutztown.edu/acad/english/Welcome.htm or contact the 
Committee Chair at forsyth@kutztown.edu. 

Kutztown University is an AA/EOE/member of the PA State System of Higher 
Education and actively solicits applications from women and minority candidates. 
For more information about employment opportunities, visit our website 
at: www.kutztown.edu/employment. 

Kutztown U of Pennsylvania 

English, 205 Lytle Hall Kutztown PA 19530 

2 Tenure-Track positions in Professional Writing 193 

http://www.kutztown.edu/acad/english/ProWrit/ 
Kutztown University enrolls approximately 10,000 students in graduate and undergraduate 
programs. The University is located in the borough of Kutztown in 
a charming rural setting and is within 30 minutes driving time of the diverse 
metropolitan areas Allentown/Bethlehem and Reading, and within 60 minutes 

of the Philadelphia metropolitan area. The University is very interested in hiring 
employees who have had extensive experience with diverse populations. 
The English Department invites applications for two tenure-track positions in 

Professional Writing beginning in August 2006. The positions include classes in 
Copy and Line Editing, Mass Communications, Magazine Writing, Writing for 
the Workplace, Technical Writing, Writing for the Web, Desktop Publishing 
and College Composition. Doctoral Degree in relevant disciplines preferred, 
ABD considered. Successful candidates for theses 4/4 teaching load positions will 
have a minimum of three years of teaching experience and significant editing/ 
writing experience. Applicants should send letters of application, vita, three current 
reference letters and all college-level official transcripts to Dr. Matthew 

Nesvisky, Chair, Tenure-track Professional Writing Faculty Search Committee, 
163 Lytle Hall, English Department, Kutztown University, Kutztown, PA 19530. 
Only complete application packets will be considered. Review of applications 
will begin September 2005 and will continue until the positions are filled. For 
more information on our program, visit our website at: http://www.kutztown 
.edu/acad/english/ProWrit/. 

Kutztown University is an AA/EOE/member of the PA State System of Higher 
Education and actively solicits applications from women and minority candidates. 
For more information about employment opportunities, visit our website 
at: www.kutztown.edu/employment. 

Lafayette C 

English, 111 Quad Dr Easton PA 18042 

Assistant Professor of English 994 

Assistant Professor of English 
Tenure-track position for a specialist in twentieth-century American literature 
beginning August 2006. Ph.D. by start date and teaching experience required. 
Teaching load of five courses per year includes courses in the specialty, introductory 
composition and interdisciplinary seminars in the Common Course of 
Study. Competitive salary and benefits. Please send application—letter and vita 
only—to Bryan Washington, Chair of Search Committee, Department of English, 
Lafayette College, Easton PA 18042. Applications must be postmarked by 
October 15. (No e-mail or fax, please.) Applications will be acknowledged by 
e-mail. After an initial screening we will request dossiers and writing samples. 
Preliminary interviews will be held at the MLA convention. Lafayette College is 
an Equal Opportunity employer; women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. 

Lafayette C 

English, 111 Quad Dr Easton PA 18042 

Assistant Professor of English 995 

Assistant Professor of English 
Tenure-track position for a specialist in writing pedagogy beginning August 
2006. Ph.D. by start date and teaching experience required. Teaching load 
of four courses per year includes first year and advanced composition, interdisciplinary 
seminars in the Common Course of Study, and introductory courses in 
literature. Responsibilities also include serving as assistant director of a WAC program. 
Literary subspecialty desirable. Competitive salary and benefits. Please send 
application—letter and vita only—to Patricia Donahue, Chair of Search Committee, 
Department of English, Lafayette College, Easton PA 18042. Applications 
must be postmarked by October 15th. (No email or fax, please.) 
Applications will be acknowledged by e-mail. After an initial screening we will 
request dossiers and writing samples. Preliminary interviews will be held at the 
MLA convention. Lafayette College is an equal opportunity employer; women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. 

Messiah C 

English, PO Box 3017, 1 College Av Grantham PA 17027 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition 120 

http://www.messiah.edu 
Assistant Professor, Rhetoric and Composition. The Department of English at 
Messiah College invites applications for a term-tenure track position beginning 
August 2006. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition preferred, Ph.D. in English 
acceptable. Responsibilities include teaching beginning and advanced writing 
courses, Rhetoric and Composition Theory, and participating in the College's 
first year seminar or core program. Experience or interest in Writing Across the 
Curriculum Programs is highly desirable. Ability to teach additional courses in 
Young Adult Literature or English Education is useful. Evidence of strong commitment 
to teaching undergraduates in the liberal arts tradition and to scholarly 
research is expected. Messiah College is a Christian college of the liberal and applied 
arts and sciences located in a suburb of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The 
college is committed to an embracing evangelical spirit rooted in the Anabaptist, 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Pietist, and Wesleyan traditions of the Christian church. Send a cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, transcripts, a brief description of courses prepared to teach, and 
three letters of recommendation to the address below. Review of applications begins 
November 15, 2005. Please indicate whether you will be available for preliminary 
interviews at the annual MLA meeting. Peter Powers, Chair, 
Department of English, Box 3017, Messiah College, Grantham, PA, 17027 or 
email: Ppowers@messiah.edu. Women and minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. EOE. 

Messiah C 

English, PO Box 3017, 1 College Av Grantham PA 17027 

Assistant Professor, American Literature 123 

http://www.messiah.edu 
Assistant Professor, American Literature. The Department of English at Messiah 
College invites applications for a tenure track position beginning August 2006. 
Ph.D. in American Literature and ability to teach courses in pre 20th century 
American literature required. Ability to teach 20th century British literature or 
other courses in literature and writing highly desirable. Responsibilities include 
teaching general education and upper division literature courses and participating 
in the College's first year seminar or core program. Evidence of strong commitment 
to teaching undergraduates in the liberal arts tradition and to scholarly research 
is expected. Messiah College is a Christian college of the liberal and 
applied arts and sciences located in a suburb of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The 
college is committed to an embracing evangelical spirit rooted in the Anabaptist, 
Pietist, and Wesleyan traditions of the Christian church. Send a cover letter, curriculum 
vitae, transcripts, a brief description of courses prepared to teach, and 
three letters of recommendation to the address below. Review of applications begins 
November 15, 2005. Please indicate whether you will be available for preliminary 
interviews at the annual MLA meeting. Peter Powers, Chair, 
Department of English, Box 3017, Messiah College, Grantham, PA, 17027 or 
email: Ppowers@messiah.edu. Women and minority candidates are encouraged 
to apply. EOE. 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth C, 111 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 633 

http://www.psu.edu 

Penn State Hazleton, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites applications 
for an Assistant Professor of English. Start Date: August 2006. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach undergraduate courses in English composition and 

literature. Area of literary specialization is open; American literature is preferred 
but other specialties will be considered. Publish in refereed journals. Participate 
in professional organizations. Participate in course, curriculum, and program development. 
Advise students and provide career guidance. Participate in campus, 
university, and community service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English and scholarly expertise required in composition 
and literature. Evidence of potential in research and publication is expected. 
Commitment to high-quality instruction in a student-centered 
environment is desired. Interest in active and collaborative learning and the instructional 
use of technology is an advantage. Prior college-level teaching experience 
preferred. Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary environment is 
important. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: Applicants should submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail 
addresses of three references. Applications submitted as a Microsoft WORD or 
PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu are strongly encouraged. Or you may mail your 
application to: Commonwealth Campuses Faculty Searches, Penn State University, 
111 Old Main, Box MLA1-HZ, University Park, PA 16802 

Application review begins November 15, 2005 and continues until a suitable 

candidate is found. 
To learn more about the campus, visit http://www.hn.psu.edu. Follow the "Faculty 
& Staff" link for more information about the position and the contact person 
for inquiries. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal 
opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 111 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

English Instructor 635 

http://www.psu.edu 
Penn State York, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites applica


tions for an English Instructor (multi-year appointment). Start Date: August 
2006 
RESPONSIBILITIES: The successful candidate will have experience in business 

writing and will teach lower and upper division courses generally taken by Business 
Administration majors, the largest major at the York Campus. The successful 
candidate will be expected to participate in course, curriculum, and program 
development and advise undergraduate students. Also, the successful candidate 
will be expected to participate in campus, university, and community service activities 
and engage in professional activities to stay current in the discipline. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English or MFA required; must have course 
work in business/technical writing or experience teaching business/technical 
writing. A commitment to high-quality instruction in a student-centered environment 
is desired. Interest in active and collaborative learning and in the instructional 
use of technology is an advantage, as is prior experience in teaching at 
the college level. Enthusiasm for working in a multidisciplinary environment is 
important. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: Applicants should submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail 
addresses of three references. Applications submitted as a Microsoft WORD or 
PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu are strongly encouraged. Or you may mail your 
application to: Commonwealth Campuses Faculty Searches, Penn State University, 
111 Old Main, Box MLA1-YK, University Park, PA 16802 

Application review begins November 15, 2005 and continues until a suitable 

candidate is found. 
To learn more about the campus, visit http://www.yk.psu.edu; follow the "Faculty 
& Staff" link for more information about the position and the contact person 
for inquiries. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal 
opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. y of its workforce. 

Penn State U 

Commonwealth Campuses, 111 Old Main University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor of English 637 

http://www.psu.edu 
Penn State Shenango, a campus of The Pennsylvania State University, invites ap


plications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English. Start Date: August 
2006. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: Teach a range of undergraduate literature and composi


tion classes. Undertake scholarly research and publish in refereed journals. Participate 
in professional organizations. Participate in course, curriculum, and 
program development. Advise students and provide career guidance. Participate 
in campus, university, and community service activities. 

QUALIFICATIONS: Ph.D. in English. Strength in American literature preferred; 
interest in teaching interdisciplinary topics and world literatures a bonus. 
Evidence of potential in research and publication is expected. Commitment to 
high-quality instruction in a student-centered environment is desired. Interest in 
active and collaborative learning and the instructional use of technology is an advantage. 
Prior college-level teaching experience preferred. Enthusiasm for working 
in a multidisciplinary environment is important. 

APPLICATION & DEADLINE: Applicants should submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, and the names, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail 
addresses of three references. Applications submitted as a Microsoft WORD or 
PDF file to ccsearch@psu.edu are strongly encouraged. Or you may mail your 
application to: Commonwealth Campuses Faculty Searches, Penn State University. 
111 Old Main, Box MLA1-SO, University Park, PA 16802 

Application review begins November 15, 2005 and continues until a suitable 
candidate is found. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


To learn more about the campus, visit http://www.shenango.psu.edu. Follow 
the "Faculty & Staff" link for more information about the position and the contact 
person for inquiries. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal 
opportunity and the diversity of its workforce. 

Penn State U 

English, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor in Old English Literature, Language, and Culture 389 

http://english.la.psu.edu/ 
ASSISTANT PROFESSORSHIP IN OLD ENGLISH LITERATURE, LANGUAGE, 
AND CULTURE, TENURE TRACK. We are looking for a promising 
scholar and teacher to participate in our undergraduate and graduate 
programs. We seek to make a tenure-track junior appointment in Old English 
literature, language, and culture beginning fall, 2006. Ph.D. required by August 
1, 2006. A joint appointment with Comparative Literature is possible. We 
are interested in candidates whose overall plans for research and teaching also 
might include the early Middle English period, history of literature, and culture. 
We offer competitive salary, varied teaching assignments, and professional support. 
We begin reviewing applications October 25, and will accept applications 
until the position is filled. Please send letters and resumes to Robert R. Edwards, 
Search Committee Chair, Box OE, Department of English, 112 Burrowes 
Building, Penn State, University Park, PA 16802. Penn State is committed to affirmative 
action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce. 

Penn State U 

English, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Professor in American Literature and Culture 519 

http://english.la.psu.edu/ 
PROFESSORSHIP IN AMERICAN LITERATURE AND CULTURE. We 
are looking for an accomplished scholar to appoint to a senior position. Our 
strongest preference is for candidates in 19th century American literature and 
culture. Especially distinguished candidates will be considered for the Josephine 
Berry Weiss Chair in the Humanities. We begin reviewing applications immediately, 
and will accept applications until the position is filled. Please send letters 
and resumes to Michael Berube, Search Committee Chair, Box AL, Department 
of English, 112 Burrowes Building, Penn State, University Park, PA 16802. Penn 
State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of 
its workforce. 

Penn State U 

English, 117 Burrowes Bldg University Park PA 16802 

Assistant Professor in Victorian Literature and Culture 392 

http://english.la.psu.edu/ 
ASSISTANT PROFESSORSHIP IN VICTORIAN LITERATURE AND 
CULTURE, TENURE TRACK. We are looking for a promising scholar and 
teacher to participate in our undergraduate and graduate programs. We seek candidates 
who have a broad knowledge of Victorian fiction, poetry, and non-fiction 
beginning fall, 2006. PhD required by August 1, 2006. We offer 
competitive salary, varied teaching assignments, and professional support. We 
begin reviewing applications October 25, and will accept applications until the 
position is filled. Please send letters and resumes to Robert E. Lougy, Search 
Committee Chair, Box VL, Department of English, 112 Burrowes Building, 
Penn State, University Park, PA 16802. Penn State is committed to affirmative 
action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce. 

Penn State U Erie-Behrend C 

Humanities & Social Sciences, Box MLA, 5091 Station Rd Erie PA 16563 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.pserie.psu.edu/ 
The English program at Penn State Erie, The Behrend College invites applications 
for a tenure-track assistant professorship in American multicultural literature, 
beginning August, 2006. Area of specialization should be in one or more of 
the following: African-American literature, Latina/o or Chicana/o literature, 
Native American literature, Asian-American literature, Caribbean literature, or 
ethnic literature. The position requires excellence in teaching and scholarship, as 
well as involvement in college and departmental service. Course load is three 
classes per semester. Responsibilities include teaching surveys, specialty courses, 
and at least one composition course per year. Minimum qualifications: ABD in 


English at time of application with doctorate completed by August 15, 2006, 
plus teaching experience at the college or university level. 
Penn State Behrend is a comprehensive four-year and residential college of Penn 


State in Erie, PA. The college prides itself on the balance it achieves between 
teaching and research. Located on a beautiful, wooded hilltop campus with 
views of Lake Erie, Penn State Behrend offers its 3800 undergraduate and graduate 
students an inspiring and technologically-advanced environment characterized 
by close student/faculty interaction. For more information about the 
college and major, please visit our Web site (www.pennstatebehrend.psu.edu). 


Please send letter of application, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, evidence 
of teaching effectiveness, and three letters of recommendation to: Dr. Richard 
Aquila, Director, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Box MLA, Penn 
State Erie, The Behrend College, 5091 Station Road, Erie, PA 16563-1501 


Review of applications will begin October 3, 2005 and continue until the posi


tion is filled. 
Penn State University is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and 
the diversity of its workforce. [R] 


Saint Vincent C 

English, 300 Fraser Purchase Rd Latrobe PA 15650 

Assistant Professor of English (Creative Writing) 

http://www.stvincent.edu 
ENGLISH (CREATIVE WRITING): Saint Vincent College, Latrobe, Pennsylvania, 
seeks applications for a full-time, tenure-track position in English as an Assistant 
Professor beginning August 2006. MFA in Creative Writing or Ph.D. in 
English; recent publications in creative writing; training and experience teaching 
more than one genre of creative writing (poetry, fiction, drama, and/or creative 
non-fiction); potential for excellence in undergraduate teaching; and a commitment 
to publication of creative work. Responsibilities include teaching introductory 
courses in creative writing, upper-level CW courses in more than one 
genre, introductory literature and composition courses, and supervising the student 
literary publication. The normal teaching load is four courses per semester. 
Apply by Nov. 14, 2005 for full consideration. Interviews will be held at MLA 
Convention in Washington, D.C. Saint Vincent is a Catholic, Benedictine, liberal 
arts college of 1450 students located thirty-five miles southeast of Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania. For a full description and application procedures, see: http://www 
.stvincent.edu/hr2. [R] 

Shippensburg U 

English, 1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Assistant Professor of Writing 

http://www.ship.edu 
Department seeks candidates for a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Writing 
position, effective August 2006. Responsibilities: Course load each semester includes 
first-year writing, developmental writing, and introductory courses in literature, 
as well as upper-level courses such as technical writing, creative 
nonfiction writing, and/or writing pedagogy and theory. Requirements: An 
earned doctorate in English or Composition by time of appointment. A terminal 
degree from an accredited institution is required for tenure. A demonstration of 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


teaching effectiveness will be required as part of the on-campus interview. Candidates 
must furnish proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. upon appointment. 
Additional Qualifications: Course work in Composition/Rhetoric and evidence 
of a research agenda in the field; college-level teaching experience and a strong 
commitment to undergraduate education. Preference will be given to candidates 
who bring cross-cultural perspectives to the teaching of writing and literature. 
Qualified candidates should send a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, official 
undergraduate and graduate transcripts, and three letters of reference to: Kim van 
Alkemade, Search Committee Chair, English Department, Shippensburg University, 
1871 Old Main Drive, Shippensburg, PA 17257-2299. The committee 
will request writing samples from selected applicants, and may meet with these 
applicants at the MLA. 

Review of applications begins November 1, 2005 and will continue until the 
position is filled. Shippensburg University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
Contact person: Kim van Alkemade 
Contact e-mail: KVAlke@ship.edu 
Contact Phone: 717-477-1506 
Contact Fax: 717-477-4025 

Shippensburg U 

English, 1871 Old Main Dr Shippensburg PA 17257 

Creative Writing, Fiction 874 

http://www.ship.edu 
Department seeks candidates for a tenure-track assistant professor in Creative 
Writing, Fiction position, effective August 2006. Responsibilities: Course load 
each semester may include creative writing, general education (writing and literature), 
and literature courses in the major, with a course reduction potentially 
available for advising the student literary magazine. Requirements: MFA or PhD 
required by time of appointment. A terminal degree from an accredited institu


tion is required for tenure. On-campus interviews for finalists will include a 
demonstration of teaching effectiveness and a brief fiction reading. 
Candidates must have a demonstrated commitment to undergraduate education, 


recent publications in fiction, and a record of academic service. The committee 
will request writing samples from selected candidates and may be available to 
meet with candidates at MLA. Candidates must furnish proof of eligibility to 
work in the U.S. upon appointment. 


Submit letter of interest, curriculum vitae, official undergraduate and graduate 
transcripts, and three letters of reference to: Michael Bibby, Chair, Creative 
Writing Search Committee, Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, 1871 Old 
Main Drive, Shippensburg PA 17257. Review of applications begins 
November 1, 2005. Shippensburg is an Equal Opportunity Employer. See www 
.ship.edu/~english for more details. 


U of Pennsylvania 

English, 3600 Market St Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Professor of English 586 

http://www.english.upenn.edu 
We intend to fill a tenure-track position in British literature of the early modern 
period. We are particularly interested in candidates who specialize in non-dramatic 
writings, but we welcome applications from all candidates with expertise 
in English literary and cultural production in the early modern period. Please 
send letter of application, CV, and at least three letters of recommendation by 

30 October to Margreta de Grazia, Associate Chair, Dept of English, University 
of Pennsylvania, 3600 Market Street, Suite 501A, Philadelphia PA 19104-6273. 
The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester. Salary 

and benefits will be competitive. Applications will be reviewed starting on November 
1 and will be acknowledged by postcard. The University of Pennsylvania 
is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action employer. Women and minority candidates 
are encouraged to apply. 

U of Pennsylvania 

English, 3600 Market St Philadelphia PA 19104 

Associate or Full Professor of English 587 

http://www.english.upenn.edu 
We are continuing our effort to make at least two senior-level appointments (Associate 
Professor or above) over a two-year period (with searches in 2004–05 and 
2005–06). We invite applications from scholars working in American literature 
and culture from the colonial period through the twentieth century and/or British 
literature and culture of the long nineteenth century. We are especially interested 
in scholars whose research involves interdisciplinary approaches, minority 
literatures, and international or transatlantic contexts. Send letter of application 
and CV by October 15 to Profs Stuart Curran and Amy Kaplan, Co-Chairs, 
Search Committee, Dept of English, University of Pennsylvania, 3600 Market 
Street, Suite 501A, Philadelphia PA 19104-6273. The normal teaching load for 
all ranks in our department is two courses per semester. Salary and benefits will 
be competitive. The University of Pennsylvania is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-
action employer. Women and minority candidates are encouraged to apply. 

U of Pennsylvania 

English, 3600 Market St Philadelphia PA 19104 

Assistant Professor of English 590 

http://www.english.upenn.edu 
We intend to fill a tenure-track position in British literature of the long 18th 
century (1660–1789). We are particularly interested in candidates who specialize 
in the drama of this period, in the literature of Atlantic exchange and problems 
of nation formation, and/or in issues of gender and sexuality. But we welcome 
applications from all candidates with expertise in literary and cultural production 
in Britain in these years. Please send letter of application, CV, and at least three 
letters of recommendation by 30 October to Suvir Kaul, Dept of English, Uni


versity of Pennsylvania, 3600 Market Street, Suite 501A, Philadelphia PA 191046273. 
The normal teaching load in our department is two courses per semester. Salary 

and benefits will be competitive. Applications will be reviewed starting on November 
1 and will be acknowledged by postcard. The University of Pennsylvania 
is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action employer. Women and minority candidates 
are encouraged to apply. 

U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Medieval Literature 794 

http://www.english.pitt.edu 
The Department of English anticipates a position as an Assistant Professor in Medieval 
Literature to begin Fall Semester, 2006, pending budgetary approval. The 
successful candidate will teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Medieval 
English literature as well as participate in a lively university-wide Medieval and 
Renaissance Studies Program. Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. 
Salaries competitive. Tenure is awared for excellence in research, teaching and 
service. Ph.D. required by September 1, 2006. The University of Pittsburgh is an 

Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. Women and members of minority 
groups under-represented in academia are especially encouraged to apply. 
Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vitae by November 1 to Stephen 

L. Carr, Acting Chair, Department of English, University of Pittsburgh, 526 
Cathedral of Learning, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We plan to interview at the MLA 
in Washington (december 27–30). e-mail is available for additional information 
only: scarr@pitt.edu. 
ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Composition: Literacy, Pedagogy, Rhetoric 823 

http://www.english.pitt.edu 
The Department of English anticipates up to two tenure-stream positions for an 
Assistant or Associate Professor in Composition: Literacy, Pedagogy, Rhetoric. 
We seek colleagues to help teach a range of courses in the undergraduate and 
graduate curriculum and to join a care faculty with a record of distinguished 


work in composition and pedagogy and in the history and theory of literacy, 
rhetoric, and schooling. 
Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure is 


awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. Ph.D. required by September 
1, 2006. The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity Employer. Women and members of minority groups under-represented 
in academia are especially encouraged to apply. 


Applicants should send a letter and curriulum vitae by November 1 to Stephen 


L. Carr, Acting Chair, Department of English, University of Pittsburgh, 526 
Cathedral of Learning, Pittsburgh, PA 15260. We plan to interview at the MLA 
in Washington (December 27–30). e-mail is available for additional information 
only: scarr@pitt.edu. [R] 
U of Pittsburgh 

English, 526 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Children's Literature and Culture 814 

http://www.english.pitt.edu 
The Department of English anticipates a position as an Assistant Professor in 
Children's Literature and Culture to begin Fall Semester, 2006, pending budgetary 
approval. We seek candidates engaged in historically and theoretically informed 
work in children's literature. While we invite applications from all 
qualified scholars, we are particularly interested in candidates working in American 
literature or in British literature before 1800. The successful candidate will 
teach in an innovative and interdisciplinary undergraduate program in children's 
literature as well as in other areas of the undergraduate and graduate curriculum. 
Special attention will be given to candidates whose scholarly projects in the field 

of children and culture are relevant to other fields of English studies, such as literary 
history and theory, literacy studies, or film and media. 
Teaching load is normally 4 courses per year. Salaries competitive. Tenure is 

awarded for excellence in research, teaching and service. Ph.D. required by September 
1, 2006. The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal 
Opportunity Employer. Women and members of minority groups under-represented 
in academia are especially encouraged to apply. 

Applicants should send a letter and curriculum vitae by November 1 to Stephen 

L. Carr, Acting Chair, Department of English, University of Pittsburgh, PA 
15260. We plan to interview at the MLA in Washington (December 27–30). 
e-mail is available for additional information only: scarr@pitt.edu. [R] 
U of Scranton 

English, Linden St. Scranton PA 18510 

Assistant Professor of Ethnic-American Literature (Tenure-Track) 937 

http://www.scranton.edu 
The successful candidate will have demonstrated teaching and research interests 
in African-American or Asian American or Caribbean American or Latino/ 
Latina-American or Native American literature and/or cultural studies. Teaching 
load will include courses in the candidate's specialty, a (new) survey of Ethnic-
American literature, general education literature courses, and first-year writing 
courses. The 4/3 contractual teaching load may be reduced to 3/3 for those with 
active research agendas. Salary competitive. Qualifications: A.B.D. or Ph.D., appropriate 
college-level teaching experience preferred. Send vita and three letters 
of recommendation to Jones DeRitter, Chair, Department of English, The University 
of Scranton, Scranton, PA 18510. Postmark deadline: November 9. Applications 
will be acknowledged via e-mail. Interviews at MLA. Starting date: 
late August 2006. 

The University of Scranton is, by tradition and choice, a Catholic and Jesuit university. 
The successful candidate will have an understanding of and commitment 
to the goals of Jesuit education. A full statement of our mission may be found at 
http://www.scranton.edu/admin/mission.html . 

The University of Scranton is an AA/EO Employer/Educator. Minority persons, 
women, Vietnam era veterans, and disabled persons are encouraged to 
apply. 

The University of Scranton is a broadly regional institution of 4,800 undergraduate 
and graduate students located in northeastern Pennsylvania near the Pocono 
Mountains. Recognized nationally for the quality of its education, Scranton is 
one of 28 Jesuit colleges and universities in the United States. It is committed to 
providing liberal arts education and strong professional and preprofessional programs 
in the context of Ignatian educational principles, especially the care and 
development of the whole person. [R] 

Villanova U 

Dept. of Humanities & Augustinian Traditions, 800 Lancaster Ave. SAC 304 
Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor, Humanities 17 

http://www.humanities.villanova.edu 
VILLANOVA UNIVERSITY, Villanova, PA. Assistant Professor. Tenure track. 
The Department of Humanities and Augustinian Traditions: Classicist able to 
contribute to the department's interdisciplinary inquiry into the nature and destiny 
of the human person. Special consideration given to candidates working in 
philosophy and/or rhetoric. Requirements: Ph.D. at time of appointment, active 
research program, ability to work in an interdisciplinary context. 2–3 teaching 
load; possibility of offering courses in Villanova's Classics Program and/or Department 
of Communications; duties include one course per year in Villanova's 
Core Humanities Program. Send cover letter, a 2–3 page response to our Statement 
of Purpose, undergraduate and graduate school transcripts, c.v., evidence 
of excellence in teaching, a research writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
to Dr. Thomas W. Smith, Chair, Department of Humanities and Augustinian 
Traditions, Villanova University, 800 Lancaster Avenue, Villanova, PA 
19085-1699. Review of applications begins November 1, 2005. Villanova is a 
Roman Catholic University sponsored by the Augustinian Order. An AA/EEO 
employer, Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service, and 
especially teaching, who understand, respect, and can contribute to the University's 
mission and values. For Statement of Purpose, see www.humanities 
.villanova.edu. [R] 

Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor of English 832 

http://www.villanova.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professorship beginning Fall 2006 in Eighteenth-Century 
British Literature and Culture, with specialization in the novel. Ph.D. required 
but candidates close to completion of degree may be considered. Send vita and 
complete dossier (with writing sample and graduate transcript) to Prof. Evan 
Radcliffe, Chair, English Dept., Villanova University, 800 Lancaster Ave., Villanova, 
PA 19085-1699, by November 15, 2005. Villanova University is a 
Catholic university sponsored by the Augustinian order. An AA/EEO employer, 
Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service, and especially 
teaching, who understand, respect, and can contribute to the University's mission 
and values. [R] 

Villanova U 

English, 800 Lancaster Av Villanova PA 19085 

Assistant Professor of English 837 

http://www.villanova.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professorship beginning Fall 2006 in British Victorian Literature 
and Culture, with specialization in poetry and/or non-fictional prose. 
Ph.D. required but candidates close to completion of degree may be considered. 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Send vita and complete dossier (with writing sample and graduate transcript) to 
Prof. Evan Radcliffe, Chair, English Dept., Villanova University, 800 Lancaster 
Ave., Villanova, PA 19085-1699, by November 15, 2005. Villanova University is 
a Catholic university sponsored by the Augustinian order. An AA/EEO 
employer, Villanova seeks a diverse faculty committed to scholarship, service, and 
especially teaching, who understand, respect, and can contribute to the University's 
mission and values. [R] 

Washington & Jefferson C 

English, 60 S Lincoln St Washington PA 15301 

Assistant Professor of English 585 

http://www.washjeff.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professor to begin August 2006. Area of specialization: 
composition and professional writing. Additional expertise in science/ 
environmental writing or editing desirable. All applicants must have college-level 
teaching experience and a PhD (by September 2006); dissertation in rhetoric/ 
composition required. The 3–1-3 teaching load includes first-year writing, introduction 
to literature, and a variety of advanced writing classes addressing both 
theory and practice. We are a collegial department looking for an enthusiastic, 
versatile instructor to teach and advise undergraduates, share in the work of a liberal 
arts college that goes beyond the classroom, and be professionally active. For 
further information, email Professor Troost (ltroost@washjeff.edu). Candidates 
also need to address in their application letters how they can contribute to diversity 
as a core value of the W&J community. Send letter and c.v., postmarked by 
11 November 2005, to: English Search, Washington & Jefferson College, 60 
South Lincoln Street, Washington, PA 15301-4801. Applications will be acknowledged. 
AA/EOE. [R] 

West Chester U 

English, University & High St, 531 Main Hall West Chester PA 19383 

Assistant Professor of English 502 

http://www.wcupa.edu 
West Chester University announces a tenure-track position in Children's Literature. 
Ph.D. in Children's Literature or related field in hand by beginning of appointment. 
Preference will be given to candidates with graduate coursework 
and/or scholarship in contemporary children's literature. We seek candidates with 
a strong commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching excellence and serious 
scholarship. The successful candidate will be expected to teach four courses 
(12 hours) per semester, including introductory children's literature, composition 
and general education literature courses. Secondary interests sought in multicultural 
literature and/or gender studies. Finalists must successfully complete on-

campus interview and teaching demonstration. Highly competitive salary and 
benefits. 
Review of applications will begin November 15th and will continue until a suc


cessful candidate is identified. Applicants should send letter of interest, vita, three 
letters of recommendation, and graduate and undergraduate transcripts to: Dr. 
Cheryl Wanko, Chairperson, English Dept., West Chester University, West 
Chester, PA 19383. AA/EOE. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

Westminster C 

English, South Market St New Wilmington PA 16172 

Assistant Professor of English 368 

http://westminster.edu 
Tenure track position to begin fall, 2006. The Westminster College Department 
of English and Public Relations seeks a broadly trained faculty member in English 
literature, with special interest in American literature before 1865. We also 
welcome additional background in adolescent literature. Applicants must demonstrate 
small-college experience (either as a student or teacher); teaching experience; 
and ability to work in a collaborative, interdisciplinary environment. A 
commitment to undergraduate teaching and liberal arts education is essential. 

Applicants should have a Ph.D. by the start of the appointment. The normal 
teaching load is six and one-half courses over a two-semester calendar. Responsibilities 
include teaching courses in literature, writing, and the college's interdisciplinary 
liberal studies program; pursuing an active research agenda; and engaging 
in department and college service. 

Westminster College is a selective, residential, national liberal arts institution with 
historical ties to the Presbyterian Church (USA). The College enrolls about 
1,400 full-time undergraduate students and employs about 100 full-time faculty. 
Westminster College is located in rural western Pennsylvania and is within close 
driving proximity to both Pittsburgh and Cleveland. 

Submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, 
and graduate and undergraduate transcripts to Dr. Ross A. Wastvedt, Chair, Department 
of English and Public Relations, Box 52, Westminster College, New 
Wilmington, PA, 16172-0001. Review of applicants will begin November 15. 
We will interview at MLA and invite finalists to campus in February. 
EOE. [R] 

PUERTO RICO 
U of Puerto Rico 

For Langs, PO Box 23309 San Juan PR 00931 

Assistant Professor 

http://www.upr.edu 
Position 1: Drama 
The University of Puerto Rico, Ro Piedras Campus, announces a tenure-track 

position (Assistant Professor) beginning in July 2006 for a specialist in Drama. A 
Ph.D. and a commitment to research and publication are required. Courses to be 
taught include Genre Studies: Drama, Modern Drama, Contemporary Drama 
and, at the graduate level, Modern and Contemporary British and American 
Drama. Candidates should also display an additional interest in Playwriting 
and/or Caribbean drama. Given the bicultural and bilingual environment of the 
department, professors are also expected to contribute to the service component 
and teach some basic ESL and writing courses. They are also expected to work 
on Department and College committees. Knowledge of Spanish is desirable but 
not required at the time of the initial appointment. Teaching load of 12 credits 
per semester, competitive salary. Moving expenses cannot be paid. 

Send three letters of reference, curriculum vitae, copies of transcripts from all 
colleges and universities attended, statement of teaching philosophy and research 
interest to Professor Nalini Natarajan, Chair, Drama Search, Department of English, 
College of Humanities, University of Puerto Rico, P.O. Box 23356, San 
Juan, PR 00931-3356. All materials must be received by 31 January 2006. Review 
of materials begins immediately and will continue until the position is 
filled. 

The University of Puerto Rico is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 

RHODE ISLAND 
Brown U 

English, Box 1852 Providence RI 02912 

Assistant Professor, American literatures and cultures 

http://www.brown.edu/Departments/English/ 
Assistant Professor, tenure track, 3-year renewable, effective July 1, 2006, in 
19th-century American literatures and cultures, qualified to teach undergraduate 
and graduate courses that cover the entire century as well as courses that focus on 
some specialized area(s). We welcome applicants with interests in areas such as 
antebellum, Civil War, and Reconstruction cultural history, the relation of 
canonical literature to other modes of writing, and new critical models for re-interpreting 
literary periods and movements such as the American Renaissance. A 
record or compelling promise of research and publication, teaching experience, 
and a strong commitment to teaching excellence are required. Send letter of application, 
dossier (c.v. and three letters of recommendation), and dissertation abstract 
to Professor Philip Gould, Chair, American Literature Search Committee, 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


English Department, Box 1852, 70 Brown Street, Brown University, Providence, 
RI 02912. Applications will be reviewed beginning November 1, 2005, and accepted 
until the position is filled. Brown University is an EEO/AA employer. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Bryant U 

English & Cultural Studies, 1150 Douglas Pike Rd Smithfield RI 02917 

Assistant Professor of U.S. Ethnic Literatures 417 

http://www.bryant.edu 
Bryant University, College of Arts and Sciences, invites applications for a tenure-
track position in the Department of English and Cultural Studies beginning August 
1, 2006-Assistant Professor in ethnic literatures of the United States with a 
specialization in African-American literature. Ph.D. in English or appropriate 
field required. This position would entail teaching in first-year seminars and 


upper level courses in ethnic literatures of the U.S. and assisting in coordination 
of the Africana/Black Studies minor. 
To apply, send letter and vita only to Ethnic Literatures Search Committee, 


Human Resources Office-WEB, Position #431, Bryant University, 1150 Douglas 
Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917. Applicants may also submit materials electronically 
to humanresources@bryant.edu (in Word or PDF attachments). Contact 
Janet Dean jdean@bryant.edu for further information. 


Review of applications will begin November 15, 2005 and continue until the 
position is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at MLA. Bryant University 
is an EEO/AA employer and an institution committed to diversifying its 
faculty. [R] 


Bryant U 

English & Cultural Studies, 1150 Douglas Pike Rd Smithfield RI 02917 

Assistant Professor of Philosophy/New Media 419 

http://www.bryant.edu 
Bryant University, College of Arts and Sciences invites applications for a tenure-
track position in the Department of English and Cultural Studies beginning August 
1, 2006. We are seeking applicants with a Ph.D. in philosophy or 
comparable field to contribute to an innovative interdisciplinary program. This 
position would entail teaching "Introduction to Philosophy" and upper-division 
courses within the applicant's area of expertise. We encourage applicants with an 

interdisciplinary and intercultural approach to Philosophy, as well as interest in 
new media and media studies. 
To apply, send cover letter, vita and three letters of reference to Philosophy 

Search Committee, Human Resources Office-WEB, Position #432, Bryant 
University, 1150 Douglas Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917. Applicants may also submit 
materials electronically to humanresources@bryant.edu (in Word or PDF attachments). 
Contact Elizabeth Walden at ewalden@bryant.edu for further 
information. 

Review of applications will begin November 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. Bryant University is an EEO/AA employer and an institution 
committed to diversifying its staff. [R] 

New England Inst of Tech 

Humanities and Social Science, 2500 Post Road Warwick RI 02886 

Writing Coordinator 510 

http://www.neit.edu 
The Department of Humanities and Social Science at New England Institute of 
Technology (NEIT) seeks a faculty member to oversee the writing courses offered 
in both the associate and bachelor degree programs. The person appointed 
will be responsible for reviewing and revising all writing courses, and training 
and consulting with the writing instructors. The Coordinator will also take the 
lead in developing a Writing-Across-the-Curriculum program with an emphasis 
on collaboration with the various technology departments. The position includes 
teaching responsibilities. NEIT is an open admissions campus with a 
strong emphasis on high quality teaching without an expectation from faculty to 
publish or conduct research. Qualifications: a Ph.D. in English, preferably with a 

specialization in rhetoric and composition; college teaching experience; and experience 
in program planning and program management. Forward a cover letter 
and resume to Donna Daigle, New England Institute of Technology, 2500 Post 
Road, Warwick, RI, 02886 (DDaigle@NEIT.EDU). EOE. The search committee 
will begin screening applications as they are received. The search will remain 
open until the position is filled. [R] 

Providence C 

English, 549 River Av Providence RI 02918 

Assistant Professor of English 643 

http://www.providence.edu/english 
Tenure track appointment Fall 2006: Assistant professor specializing in Medieval 
British literature, with interest in participating in a team-taught interdisciplinary 
western civilization program. PhD required. Mail complete dossier (curriculum 
vitae, recommendations and writing sample) to Bruce Graver, Chair, Department 
of English, Providence College, Providence RI 02918-0001. Deadline: 
postmarked no later than November 4, 2005. Providence College is a Roman 
Catholic, four-year liberal arts college conducted under the auspices of the Dominican 
Friars. Providence College is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer and especially encourages applications of women and persons of 
color. [R] 

Providence C 

English, 549 River Av Providence RI 02918 

Assistant Professor of English 647 

http://www.providence.edu/english 
Tenure track appointment Fall 2006: Assistant professor specializing in African-
American literature, with interest in participating in a team-taught interdisciplinary 
western civilization program. PhD required. Mail complete dossier 
(curriculum vitae, recommendations and writing sample) to Bruce Graver, 
Chair, Department of English, Providence College, Providence RI 02918-0001. 
Deadline: postmarked no later than November 4, 2005. Providence College is a 
Roman Catholic, four-year liberal arts college conducted under the auspices of 
the Dominican Friars. Providence College is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer and especially encourages applications of women and persons of 
color. [R] 

SOUTH CAROLINA 
C of Charleston 

English, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.cofc.edu 
Assistant Professor of English (tenure-track position starting August 15, 2006): 
specialist in Renaissance literature, especially poetry and prose of the sixteenth 
century. Ph.D. required and experience teaching freshman composition highly 
desired. Candidates must be committed to teaching excellence and serious scholarship. 
The 12-hour load includes responsibilities at the freshman, sophomore, 
and advanced levels with occasional opportunities to teach in the M.A. program. 
Send cover letter, dossier, with transcripts, and three current letters of recommendation 
by November 4, 2005, to Dr. Larry Carlson, Chair, Department of 
English, 66 George St., College of Charleston, Charleston, SC 29424. Founded 
in 1770 and located in the heart of historic Charleston, the College of 
Charleston is a public liberal arts institution with a strong commitment to the 
teacher-scholar model for faculty. The College of Charleston is an affirmative action/
equal opportunity employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


C of Charleston 

English, 66 George St Charleston SC 29424 

Assistant Professor of English 30 

http://www.cofc.edu 
Assistant Professor of English (tenure-track position starting August 15, 2006): 
specialist in composition and rhetoric. Ph.D. required and experience teaching 
freshman composition highly desired. Candidates must be committed to teaching 
excellence and serious scholarship. The 12-hour load includes responsibilities 
teaching writing at the freshman, sophomore, and upper levels, including Advanced 
Composition, with occasional opportunities to teach in the M.A. program. 
Send cover letter, dossier, with transcripts, and three current letters of 
recommendation by November 4, 2005, to Dr. Larry Carlson, Chair, Department 
of English, 66 George St., College of Charleston, Charleston, SC 29424. 
Founded in 1770 and located in the heart of historic Charleston, the College of 
Charleston is a public liberal arts institution with a strong commitment to the 
teacher-scholar model for faculty. The College of Charleston is an affirmative action/
equal opportunity employer. [R] 

Charleston Southern U 

English, PO Box 118087 Charleston SC 29423 

Assistant Professor of English 219 

http://www.csuniv.edu 
ENGLISH: Charleston Southern University invites applications for an Assistant 
Professor of English available August 2006. Ph.D. required with specialization in 
Rhetoric and Composition for implementation of a new writing program for 
development students and possible creation of a writing lab. Preference will be 
given to candidates with experience teaching developmental English and tutoring 
in writing labs. Teaching assignments will include developmental courses, 
first year courses, and occasional upper-level courses in addition to writing lab 
duties. Charleston Southern University is an independent comprehensive university, 
affiliated with the South Carolina Baptist Convention, with over 3000 students 
offering 32 undergraduate majors and graduate degrees in Education, 
Business and Criminal Justice. The University has a strong institutional commitment 
to enhancing cultural diversity and encourages applications from minority 
groups. The University is committed to employing Christian faculty. Send letter 
of application, vita, and three letters of recommendation to Dr. Scott Yarbrough, 
Chair, Department of English, Charleston Southern University, P.O. Box 
118087, Charleston, SC 29423-8087. Charleston Southern University is an affirmative 
action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national 
or ethnic origin, disability or sex. Visit our web site at www.csuniv 
.edu. [R] 

Clemson U 

English, Box 340523 Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor 613 

http://www.clemson.edu 
The English Department seeks to fill a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant 
professor, beginning August 2006. The successful applicant will be prepared 
to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in nineteenth-century British literature. 
Area of research specialization open, but preferred subfields include environmental 
literature; literature and technology; or literature and visual culture. 
The department is interested in candidates who can find ways to engage with 


two new interdisciplinary Ph.Ds in Rhetorics, Communication and Information 
Design and Environmental Design and Planning. 
Application deadline is November 7 for MLA interviews. Women and minori


ties are especially encouraged to apply. Funding for this position is contingent on 


budgetary approval from the Office of the Provost. 
The English Department is committed to Clemson University's goal of being a 
Top 20 Public University, and the successful applicant will combine research, 
teaching, and service at the highest levels. The College of Architecture, Arts, and 
Humanities values collaboration across departmental and disciplinary lines. 


Please send a letter of application and a current CV to: Mark Charney, Chair, 
Department of English, 801 Strode Tower, Box 340523, Clemson University, 
Clemson SC 29634-0523. Clemson University is an AA/EO employer. 

Clemson U 

English, Box 340523 Clemson SC 29634 

Assistant Professor in Interactive Media Studies 614 

http://www.clemson.edu 
The English Department at Clemson University invites applications for an assistant 
professor position in Interactive Media Studies. Candidates with research 
and teaching experience that involves the use of interactive media in multiple 
contexts including e-learning and the use of serious games in learning are especially 
encouraged to apply. Desirable candidates should also exhibit interest and 
experience with interactive narratives and their relation to computer game studies; 
the rhetorics of multi-user writing and collaboration environments; digital 
literacy, theory and practice and their relationships to the construction and experience 
of virtual worlds. Candidates are expected to develop research and teaching 
agendas commensurate with active scholars who situate their work in a broad 
network of scholars with international presence. The candidate will be expected 


to teach at the undergraduate level, in the MA Professional Communications 
(MAPC) program, and in the new 
Ph.D. in Rhetorics, Communication, and Information Design (RCID) pro


gram. The candidate is expected to collaborate with both faculty and students in 


the programs. Teaching load: two courses per semester. 
Applications will be accepted from 15 September 2005 until 15 November 
2005, or until the position is filled. Candidates must submit a letter of application, 
CV, professional portfolio (papers, articles, e-projects on DVD and Web, 
etc.), and at least three letters of recommendation to: Victor Vitanza, Chair, 
RCID Search Committee, 711 Strode Tower, Clemson, SC 29634 


Clemson University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity 
Employer. 


Clemson U 

English, Box 340523 Clemson SC 29634 

Endowed Professorship as the Roy Pearce Professor of Professional Communication 
615 

http://www.clemson.edu 
Clemson University's English Department seeks an eminent scholar in Technical 
or Professional Communication for an endowed professorship. The Roy Pearce 
Professor of Professional Communication provides leadership for research, teaching, 
and outreach initiatives that inform Clemson's interdisciplinary doctorate in 
Rhetorics, Communication, and Information Design (RCID), Master of Arts in 
Professional Communication (MAPC), and undergraduate specialization in 
Writing and Publication Studies (WPS). The Pearce Professor attracts the highest 
quality students to Clemson's programs; mentors junior faculty by sharing enthusiasm 
and experience in developing a Professional Communication research and 
teaching agenda; extends the impact of the Pearce Center for Professional Communication 
and its affiliated programs; and collaborates with the Campbell Chair 

of Technical Communication on Clemson's communication across the curriculum 
initiatives. 
The successful candidate must have a nationally, or preferably internationally, rec


ognized research agenda in any area of technical or professional communication 
and will therefore receive an appointment as full professor in the English Department. 
In addition to scholarly success, the successful candidate should have a 
demonstrated commitment to successful mentorship of junior faculty and graduate 
students, a demonstrated appreciation for interdisciplinary collaboration, and 
excellent teaching reviews. The Pearce Professor receives a salary supplement to 
seed promising research, teaching, or service activities related to technical and 
professional communication and a reduced teaching load to provide time for departmental 
citizenship activities as well as national and international leadership 
roles. 

Candidates should send a letter of application that outlines their experiences and 
vision, specifically addressing how their research program complements and 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


expands the scope of Clemson's professional communication programs; that 
states how successful faculty mentorship and departmental citizenship will establish 
Clemson as one of the premiere institutions for Professional Communication; 
and that discusses the role of interdisciplinary collaboration and outreach at 
a land-grant institution. 

Applications will be accepted from 15 September 2005 until 15 November 
2005, or until the position is filled. Applicants should submit an application 
letter and vision statement as outlined above, a current vita, and the names and 
addresses of at least three references. Materials should be submitted to Sean D. 
Williams, Chair, Search and Screening Committee, Department of English, 801 
Strode Tower, Clemson, SC 29634 

Clemson University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

The Citadel 

English, 171 Moultrie St Charleston SC 29409 

Assistant Professor of English 431 

http://www.citadel.edu/english/ 
Tenure-track assistant professor with specialization in Composition and Rhetoric. 
Teaching responsibilities include teaching writing at the freshman, advanced 
undergraduate, and graduate levels. Additional duties may include supervising 
adjuncts in first-year composition, developing writing across the curriculum 
coursework, and working with The Citadel's National Writing Project site. Employment 
will begin in August 2006; the Ph.D. is required by that time. Interviews 
at MLA. Send letter of application and curriculum vitae to Dr. James 
Leonard, Chair, Department of English, The Citadel, 171 Moultrie Street, 
Charleston, SC, 29409. Application should be postmarked no later than November 
10, 2005. The Citadel is an EEO/AA employer and especially encourages 
persons from underrepresented groups to apply. To learn more about this position, 
go to www.citadel.edu/english/; then look under "About Us." [R] 

The Citadel 

English, 171 Moultrie St Charleston SC 29409 

Assistant Professor of English 657 

http://www.citadel.edu/english/ 
The English Department at The Citadel invites applications for two tenure-track 
assistant professor positions; area of specialization open. We are looking for faculty 
members who can add interesting new dimensions to our department. The 
candidates should be committed to strong, enthusiastic teaching of freshman 
composition and sophomore literature surveys, as well as upper-division and 
graduate courses in their areas of specialization. Employment will begin in August 
2006; the Ph.D. is required by that time. Interviews at MLA. Send letter of 
application and curriculum vitae to Dr. James Leonard, Head, Department of 
English, The Citadel, 171 Moultrie Street, Charleston, SC 29409. Application 
should be postmarked no later than November 10, 2005. The Citadel is an 
EEO/AA employer and especially encourages persons from underrepresented 
groups to apply. To learn more about this position, go to www.citadel.edu/ 
english/; then look under "About Us." [R] 

U of South Carolina at Aiken 

For Langs & Lits, 471 University Pky Aiken SC 29801 

Assistant Professor of English 273 

http://uscjobs.sc.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=53053 
The University of South Carolina System, seeks a candidate for an Assistant Professor 
of English, tenure-track position, beginning August 2006. Required: 
earned Ph.D. in English. Teaching responsibilities will include a four-course load 
per semester, combining first-year composition and undergraduate courses in 
specialization (preferred expertise/experience in dramatic literature, including 
Shakespeare). The Department of English offers the B.A. in English; there are 
currently fourteen full-time faculty members. Apply on-line at http://uscjobs.sc 
.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=53053 and send hard copies of transcripts, 
documentation of college level teaching, and three letters of recommendation to 

Dr. Stephen Gardner, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, USCA. 
Review of applications will begin November 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 

SOUTH DAKOTA 
U of South Dakota 

English, 414 E Clark, 226 Dakota Hall Vermillion SD 57069 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.usd.edu/engl 
Tenure-track assistant professorship in twentieth-century American literature, 
with specialization in American Indian literature (pending budgetary approval). 
Teaching at all levels, up to 9 hours each semester. Excellence in teaching is expected, 
both in the classroom and in mentoring students outside the classroom. 
An ongoing research agenda is assumed, as is collaboration with the newly established 
Department of American Indian Studies. Appointment begins August 15, 
2006. PhD and teaching experience required; publications and presentations desirable. 
Salary commensurate with rank. To apply, send CV, dossier (including 
copy of graduate transcript), and application letter to Emily Haddad, Chair, English 
Department, The University of South Dakota, 414 E. Clark St., Vermillion, 
SD 57069-2390. Screening begins November 1, 2005 and continues until a 
suitable candidate is hired. The University of South Dakota is an equal opportunity/
affirmative action institution committed to increasing the diversity of its 
faculty, staff, and students. [R] 

TENNESSEE 
Austin Peay SU 

Langs & Lit, PO Box 4487, College St Clarksville TN 37044 

Assistant/Associate Professor of English 367 

http://www.apsu.edu 
English Education. Tenure-track. Teach courses in secondary-teaching methods 
and adolescent literature for English majors seeking teacher licensure plus core 
classes in composition and world literature. We seek candidates with a strong 
commitment to teaching excellence and with scholarly potential. Ph.D. and 
background in secondary education are required. Position begins August 2006. 
Send letter; vita including e-mail address; and names, addresses (including e-mail 
addresses) and telephone numbers of three references to Office of Human Resources, 
Austin Peay State University, Attn: HR Faculty Applications—English, 

P.O. Box 4698, Clarksville, TN 37044. e-mail FacultyApplications@apsu.edu. 
Three letters of recommendation and copies of transcripts are also welcome. For 
more information contact Susan Calovini, Chair, Dept. of Languages and Literature, 
calovinis@apsu.edu. Review of applications begins in October and continues 
until position is filled. Minorities, women, and members of other protected 
groups are encouraged to apply. APSU is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 
East Tennessee SU 

English, Box 70, 588 Johnson City TN 37614 

Modern Drama, Assistant Professor 847 

East Tennessee State University, located in the Appalachian Mountain region, invites 
applications for a tenure-track assistant professorship with expertise in Modern 
Drama. Experience in Film Studies is a plus. The twelve-hour teaching load 
includes graduate and undergraduate courses in the candidate's field, freshman 
composition, and sophomore literature. Other responsibilities include research, 
service and advising. Ph.D. required by May 2006. Send application, vitae, and 
three letters of recommendation by December 12, 2005 to Dr. Judith Slagle, Department 
Chair, Box 70683. AA/EOE. Possible interviews at MLA. Position 
contingent on funding. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 683 

http://www.people.memphis.edu/~english/english.htmlx 
The Professional Writing program at The University of Memphis seeks a tenure-
track assistant professor in Professional Writing to begin August 2006. The English 
Department offers a concentration in Professional Writing at the B.A., 
M.A., and Ph.D. levels. Moreover, the Professional Writing program is an inte


gral part of the Center for the Study of Rhetoric and Applied Communication, 
housed in the FedEx Institute of Technology. 
Any research specialization within technical communication will be considered, 


which can include web design, project management, HCI, computer-mediated 
communication, cultural analysis of technology, medical or healthcare writing, or 
rhetoric of science and technology. The successful candidate must be able to 
teach a wide range of upper division technical communication courses and will 
normally teach at least one graduate course per year. Typical teaching load is 3/2. 
Candidates must demonstrate both successful technical communication teaching 
experience at the university level and scholarship in their field of research. Familiarity 
with the grant process is desirable. Ph.D. in hand by May 31, 2006 is 
desired. 


Send a letter of application, a current CV, a copy of transcripts, three letters of 
recommendation, a teaching portfolio, and a writing sample (or a dossier that includes 
all of these) to: Professional Writing Search Committee, Department of 
English, The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN 38152-3510. Screening 
will begin October 1, 2005, and may continue until the position is filled. Minorities 
and women are encouraged to apply. The University of Memphis, a 
Tennessee Board of Regents Institution, is an EO/AA Immigration Reform Act 
Employer. 


U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 685 

http://www.people.memphis.edu/~english/english.htmlx 
Tenure-track position to begin August, 2006. We welcome applications from 
writers with at least one book of creative nonfiction, published by a nationally 
recognized press. Terminal degree in hand by May, 2006 desired and teaching 
experience required. Secondary interest in fiction highly desirable. Enthusiastic 

participation in a rapidly growing MFA program and non-traditional Ph.D in 
textual studies is essential. 
Send letter of application, transcripts, current CV, and three letters of recom


mendation to Creative Nonfiction Search Committee, Department of English, 
The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN 38152-3510. Screening will begin 
November 15, 2005, and may continue until the position is filled. The University 
of Memphis, a Tennessee Board of Regents Institution, is an EO/AA Immigration 
Reform Act Employer. 

U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 692 

http://www.people.memphis.edu/~english/english.htmlx 
The University of Memphis English Department is seeking a tenure-track assistant 
professor in Early American literature to 1800. We are particularly interested 
in candidates specializing in the earlier part of this period, especially those with 
research interests in religion or philosophy and literature, trans-Atlantic connections, 
and multiculturalism. The successful candidate will demonstrate strong po


tential as a teacher and scholar and will preferably have completed the Ph.D. by 
June, 2006. 
Send a letter of application, current CV, transcripts, three letters of recommenda


tion, and a writing sample to Early American Search Committee, Department of 
English, The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN 38152-3510. Screening 
will begin November 1, 2005, and may continue until the position is filled. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The University of Memphis, 

the flagship university of the Tennessee Board of Regents System, is an EO/AA 
Immigration Reform Act Employer. 

U of Memphis 

English, 467 Patterson Hall Memphis TN 38152 

Assistant Professor 688 

http://www.people.memphis.edu/~english/english.htmlx 
Tenure-track position to begin Fall, 2006: We welcome applications from individuals 
whose work is in theoretically-informed approaches to 19th or 20th 
Century African American poetry and/or fiction. Applicants should seek to 
demonstrate research and teaching qualifications in such areas as slave narratives 
as literature, early African American protest poetry, and the fiction of the 1930s 
and 1940s. The successful candidate will teach both undergraduate and graduate 

African American literature survey courses, as well as courses in her/his areas of 
theoretical and literary expertise. 
Ph.D. in hand by May, 2006 desired. Applicants should be able to demonstate 

clear evidence of potential as a teacher and scholar. Send letter of application, 
current CV, transcript, a writing sample (limit 25 pages), and three letters of recommendation 
(or a dossier which includes them) to African American Literature 
Search Committee, Department of English, The University of Memphis, Memphis, 
TN 38152-3510. Screening will begin November 1, 2005, and may continue 
until the position is filled. The University of Memphis, a TN Board of 
Regents institution is an EO/AA Immigration Reform Act Employer. 

U of Tennessee at Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Assistant Professor in Renaissance Literature 759 

http://web.utk.edu/~english/ 
Beginning Assistant Professor in Renaissance literature, tenure-track. Candidates 
should demonstrate broad interest in Renaissance literature. Research specialization 
in seventeenth-century non-dramatic literature preferred; Miltonists in particular 
are encouraged to apply. Promise of distinguished scholarship and 
evidence of superior teaching are essential. Ph.D. in hand or expected by 
August 1, 2006. Duties include active participation in both graduate and undergraduate 
programs, plus significant research and publication. Salaries and teaching 
loads are competitive, our endowment provides ample support for research 
and travel, and we house a center for medieval and Renaissance studies. UT, a 
"Doctoral/Research Extensive" institution, is the flagship university in the state 
system. Applications due by November 1, but the search will remain open until 
the position is filled. Send letter of application, vita, and 1–2 page abstract of dissertation 
or recent research project to David Goslee, Associate Head, Department 
of English, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. 
Minorities and women are particularly welcome. The University of Tennessee is 
an EEO/AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ADEA institution in the provision 
of its education and employment programs and services. [R] 

U of Tennessee at Knoxville 

English, 301 McClung Tower Knoxville TN 37996 

Assistant Professor in Twentieth-Century Poetry 760 

http://web.utk.edu/~english/ 
Beginning Assistant Professor in British and American twentieth-century poetry, 
tenure track. Promise of distinguished scholarship and evidence of superior 
teaching are essential. Ph.D. in hand or expected by August 1, 2006. Duties include 
active participation in both graduate and undergraduate programs, plus significant 
research and publication. Salaries and teaching loads are competitive, and 
our endowment provides ample support for research and travel. UT, a "Doctoral/
Research Extensive" institution, is the flagship university in the state system. 
Applications due by November 1, but the search will remain open until the 
position is filled. Send letter of application, vita, and 1–2 page abstract of dissertation 
or recent research project to David Goslee, Associate Head, Department 
of English, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN 37996-0430. Minorities and 
women are encouraged to apply. The University of Tennessee is an EEO/ 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


AA/Title VI/Title IX/Section 504/ADA/ADEA institution in the provision of 
its education and employment programs and services. [R] 

Vanderbilt U 

English, PO Box 1654B Nashville TN 37235 

Gertrude Conaway Vanderbilt Professor of English 361 

http://sitemason.vanderbilt.edu/english/ 
The Department of English at Vanderbilt University seeks a distinguished senior 
scholar in African American literature for the Gertrude Conaway Vanderbilt 
Chair in English beginning Fall 2006. Please send c.v. and letter of application to 
Jay Clayton, Chair, Department of English, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Station B Box 
351654, Nashville, TN 37235-1654. The search committee will begin screening 
candidates on November 1, 2006, but applications will be considered during the 
academic year until the position is filled. Women and minority candidates are 
strongly encouraged to apply. Vanderbilt is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

TEXAS 
Austin C 

English, 900 N Grand Av Sherman TX 75090 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 173 

http://www.austincollege.edu/Jobs.asp?828. 
AUSTIN COLLEGE-Department of English invites applications for a tenure-
track appointment beginning August 2006 at the assistant or associate professor 
level depending upon qualifications and experience. Teaching responsibilities include 
modern and contemporary American literature as well as intro-level lit 
courses and participation in college-wide interdisciplinary courses. Creative 
writing (poetry or prose) is a plus. Ph.D. required. Send letter of application, CV, 
graduate transcripts, three letters of reference, and statement of teaching philosophy 
to Dr. Michael Imhoff, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Austin College, 
900 North Grand Avenue, Sherman, TX 75090-4400. For fullest consideration, 
all materials should be received by November 1, 2005. Interviews at MLA. 
Austin College is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer. For more 
information about the position and Austin College, visit www.austincollege.edu/ 
Jobs.asp?828. [R] 

Austin C 

English, 900 N Grand Av Sherman TX 75090 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 174 

http://www.austincollege.edu/Jobs.asp?828. 
Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position beginning 
August 2006 at the assistant or associate professor level depending upon qualifications 
and experience. Teaching responsibilities include postcolonial and world 
literatures, as well as intro-level lit courses and participation in college-wide interdisciplinary 
courses. Creative writing (poetry or prose) is a plus. Ph.D. required. 
Send letter of application, CV, graduate transcripts, three letters of 
reference, and statement of teaching philosophy to Dr. Michael Imhoff, Vice 
President for Academic Affairs, Austin College, 900 North Grand Avenue, Sherman, 
TX 75090-4400. For fullest consideration, all materials should be received 
by November 1, 2005. Interviews at MLA. Austin College is an Equal Opportunity 
Affirmative Action Employer. For more information about the position and 
Austin College, visit www.austincollege.edu/Jobs.asp?828. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, PO Box 97404 1 Bear Pl Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 383 

Modern-Postmodern British and/or American Literature, with emphasis in Critical 
Theory; to begin Fall 2006. Undergraduate and Graduate teaching. Active 
researcher with publications accepted and/or in print. Baylor is a Baptist univer


sity affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer, Baylor encourages minorities, women, 
veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able to affirm 
Baylor's Christian identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed beginning 
17 October 2005, and will be accepted until the position is filled. MLA 
interviews. To ensure full consideration, applications should be completed by 
2 December 2005. The position requires that a letter of application, a c.v., and a 
dossier including at least three letters of recommendation be mailed to Professor 
Maurice Hunt; Chair, Department of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor 
University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, PO Box 97404 1 Bear Pl Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 386 

Rhetoric and Composition Specialist; to begin Fall 2006. Upper-division Undergraduate 
courses in our Professional Writing Major. Also an occasional Graduate 
Seminar on a topic in Rhetoric/Composition Studies. Active researcher 
with publications accepted and/or in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated 
with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer, Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and 
persons with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able to affirm Baylor's 
Christian identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed beginning 17 October 
2005, and will be accepted until the position is filled. MLA interviews. To 
ensure full consideration, applications should be completed by 2 December 
2005. The position requires that a letter of application, a c.v., and a dossier 
including at least three letters of recommendation be mailed to Professor Maurice 
Hunt; Chair, Department of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; 
Waco, Texas 76798-7404. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, PO Box 97404 1 Bear Pl Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 580 

Medieval, esp. Middle, English Literature (No Old English specialists, please); to 
begin Fall 2006. Undergraduate and Graduate teaching. Active researcher with 
publications accepted and/or in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with 
the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer, Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and persons 
with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able to affirm Baylor's Christian 
identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed beginning 17 October 2005, 
and will be accepted until the position is filled. MLA interviews. To ensure full 
consideration, applications should be completed by 2 December 2005. The position 
requires that a letter of application, a c.v., and a dossier including at least 
three letters of recommendation be mailed to Professor Maurice Hunt; Chair, 
Department of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 
76798-7404 [R] 

Baylor U 

English, PO Box 97404 1 Bear Pl Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 574 

Modern and Contemporary Drama; to begin Fall 2006. Undergraduate and 
Graduate teaching. Active researcher with publications accepted and/or in print. 
Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of 
Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer, Baylor encourages 
minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply. Applicants 
should be able to affirm Baylor's Christian identity and mission. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning 17 October 2005, and will be accepted 
until the position is filled. MLA interviews. To ensure full consideration, applications 
should be completed by 2 December 2005. The position requires a letter of 
application, a c.v., and a dossier including at least three letters of recommendation, 
to be mailed to Professor Maurice Hunt; Chair, Department of English; 
One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 76798-7404. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Hardin-Simmons U 

Lit & Langs, 2200 Hickory Abilene TX 79698 

Assistant Professor of English 855 

Hardin-Simmons University 
Literature and Languages, Box 16035, Abilene, TX 79698 
Hardin-Simmons University (HSU), an institution affiliated with the Baptist 

General Convention of Texas, is seeking applicants for the position of Assistant 
Professor of English. For this tenure track, 4/4, position Shakespeare background/
study preferred; Rhetoric/Composition a plus. Set to begin Fall 2006, 
applicants must be ABD by May 06. Founded in 1891, HSU has approximately 
2,450 students. HSU and the Cynthia Ann Parker College of Liberal Arts are 
committed to higher education taught from the perspective of the Christian 
worldview. Send cover letter, curriculum vitae, philosophy of teaching in a 
Christian context, three letters of reference from within the profession, and evidence 
of quality teaching to: Laura Pogue, Chair/Department of Literature and 
Languages/HSU Box 16035/Abilene, TX 79698. Electronic submission of materials 
encouraged: lpogue@hsutx.edu. Deadline for application: November 1st. 
See http://www.hsutx.edu/admin/hr/pro/pro_fac.htm. [R] 

Rice U 

English, P.O. Box 1892 Houston TX 77251 

Assistant Professor of English 453 

http://www.english.rice.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor with expertise in non-dramatic Renaissance literature 
and a specialty in the sixteenth century. Opportunity to design and teach 
a variety of courses on topics at both the undergraduate and graduate levels (2/2 
teaching load). Send letter, c.v., and writing sample postmarked by November 
11, 2005, to Professor Edward Snow, Search Committee Chair, English Department 
MS-30, Rice University, 6100 Main St., Houston, TX 77005. Rice 
University is an AA/EO employer. 

Rice U 

Program for the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality, P.O. Box 1892 
Houston TX 77251 

Associate or Full Professor, Program for the Study of Women, Gender, and 
Sexuality 751 

http://swg.rice.edu 
Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies. Program Director, Associate or Full 
Professor. Scholars from all fields of the humanities with a distinguished record of 
research and teaching are invited to apply. This is an opportunity to direct a program 
growing in size, scope, and ambition; there are plans for a possible evolution 
to a Center. The program, with its 45 affiliated faculty, comprises numerous 
feminist research and teaching entities, including a graduate certificate program 
and an undergraduate major, a longstanding feminist research group, and the internationally 
renowned journal Feminist Economics. The position requires a 
commitment to teaching core courses in the program on a rotating basis. Rice 
University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
Please send CV and letter of interest by Friday, November 18, 2005, to Professor 
Helena Michie, Program for the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality MS38, 
Rice University, P.O. Box 1892, Houston, Texas, 77251-1892. Campus visits 
for finalists will be in February 2006. [R] 

Sam Houston SU 

English, PO Box 2146, 1901 Sam Houston Av Huntsville TX 77341 

Assistant Professor of English—Early American Literature 846 

http://www.shsu.edu/~eng_www 
Tenure-track appointment, contingent on funding. Primary emphasis in Early 
American Literature (beginnings to 1820), secondary emphasis open. Ph.D. in 
English and teaching experience required, publications desirable. Teach 3/3, in


cluding undergraduate and graduate courses in early American literature and in 


secondary specialty and undergraduate courses in composition. 
Send letter of interest, c.v., and dossier no later than Nov. 15, 2005 to Bill 
Bridges, Department Chair, Department of English and Foreign Languages, P.O. 
Box 2146, Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX 77341. Interviews at 
MLA. SHSU is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action plan 
employer. [R] 


Southern Methodist U 

English, PO Box 750435, 3225 University Dr Dallas TX 75275 

Assistant Professor 999 

http://www.smu.edu/english/ 
We seek a tenure-track assistant professor of African American literature with desirable 
secondary interests in African diaspora literature or Postcolonial studies. In 
2007 SMU will begin offering the Ph.D. in English, building on our department's 
strong baccalaureate and master's programs. Candidates for this position 
should therefore have a demonstrated commitment to teaching and excellent potential 
as a publishing scholar. The Ph.D. from a literature department or other 
appropriate area studies program must be completed no later than August 1, 
2006. For full consideration, applicants must send a CV and a letter outlining 
teaching and research interests to Professor Steven Weisenburger, Chair, Department 
of English, at the address above, postmarked no later than October 17, 
2005, although the committee will continue to accept applications until the position 
is filled. Send no writing sample at this time. We will be interviewing at 
MLA and will notify applicant of our employment decision after the position is 
filled. SMU is a non-sectarian university located in a major metropolitan center. 
SMU will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, 
sex, age, disability, or veteran status. SMU's commitment to equal opportunity 
includes nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. [R] 

Southwestern U 

English, PO Box 770, University Av Georgetown TX 78627 

Assistant Professor of 19th-Century American Literature and Culture 333 

http://www.southwestern.edu 
Southwestern University's English Department invites applications for a tenure-
track position in nineteenth-century American literature, beginning fall 2006. 
We seek candidates with a strong commitment to teaching undergraduates and 
pursuing scholarship in a liberal arts college. Faculty normally teach three courses 
per semester, including survey courses, various topics courses (depending on the 
candidate's special strengths and interests), and first-year writing. Expertise in African-
American literature, Chicano/a literature, Latino/a literature and/or pre-

nineteenth century American literature would be especially welcome. PhD in 
hand by August 2006. 
Southwestern University is a selective, undergraduate institution committed to a 

broad-based liberal arts, sciences, and fine arts education. Southwestern currently 
enrolls approximately 1,250 students and maintains a student to faculty ratio of 
10 to 1. The University's endowment ranks among the highest per student of 
undergraduate institutions in the country. In addition to a number of other national 
organizations, Southwestern University is a member of two consortia of 
liberal arts colleges, the Associated Colleges of the South and the Annapolis 
Group. Located in Georgetown, Texas, 28 miles north of downtown Austin, 
Southwestern is affiliated with The United Methodist Church. Southwestern 
University is committed to fostering a diverse educational environment and encourages 
applications from members of groups traditionally under-represented in 
academia. For information concerning the University, visit our web site at www 
.southwestern.edu. 

Interested persons should send a letter of application, curriculum vitae, and at 
least three letters of recommendation to: Faculty Recruitment Office, Southwestern 
University, Attn: Arden Baxter, P.O. Box 770, Georgetown, TX, 
78627-0770. Application deadline is November 14, 2005. Southwestern University 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer. EOE/M/F [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Texas A&M U-Corpus Christi 

English, 6300 Ocean Dr Corpus Christi TX 78412 

Haas Professer of English 404 

http://www.tamucc.edu 
Applications and nominations are invited for the Haas Professor of English, an 
endowed professorship in English Composition Studies, to begin August 17, 
2006. The Haas professor provides leadership in the First-Year Writing and graduate 
programs and will have a record of commitment to and excellence in classroom 
teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels as well as a strong record 
of scholarship, at Associate Professor rank or higher, that warrants tenure in the 
English Department. The successful candidate is expected to maintain a continuing 
record of success in teaching scholarship and service. The Haas Professor may 
teach introductory composition as well as upper division and graduate courses. 
Secondary fields open. Ph.D. required. The Haas Professorship is typically ac


companied by an annual budget for research and professional travel, and comes 
with a reduced teaching load. 
The A&M-CC English faculty emphasizes teaching, equal respect for literature 

and writing and linguistics, and service to the diverse communities of South 
Texas. FMI, see http://www.tamucc.edu/~aandh/engweb/. Send applications 
and nominations to David G. Mead, Chair, Department of English, 6300 Ocean 
Drive, Corpus Christi, TX 78412. To ensure full consideration, send c.v., application 
letter, and three references by November 11, 2005. All applications acknowledged. 


A rapidly growing Hispanic-Serving Institution, Texas A&M University-Corpus 
Christi is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment 
to diversity and specifically encourages women and minorities to apply. 

Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

British Literature (18C-Present)-Rank Open, Tenure-Track or Tenured 436 

http://www.english.tamu.edu/ 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenured or tenure-track position 
beginning Fall 2006 in any field of British literature from the eighteenth 
century to the present. Applications at any rank are welcome, but we are particularly 
interested in advanced assistant professors or associate professors who have 
established publication records and who can participate immediately in mentoring 
graduate students. Expertise in post-colonial Anglophone studies, South 


Asian literatures and cultures, and/or transatlantic studies is desirable but not required. 
A partner department in the Carnegie Foundation's Initiative on the Doctorate, 


we are also designated a "signature" department at Texas A&M University. The 
department houses several major journals and research initiatives, including 
Callaloo, the World Shakespeare Bibliography Online, and the Donne Variorum 
project. The department's undergraduate and graduate programs offer concentrations 
in such areas as Comparative Literature and Culture, Early Modern British 
Studies, New Modern British Studies, American Studies, Film, Creative Writing, 
Discourse Studies, and Gender Studies. English faculty at Texas A&M also 
benefit from the research opportunities made available through the Melbern G. 
Glasscock Center for Humanities Research, which provides support for individual 
scholars and research groups. 


Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate and 
graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental research 
support, including travel funds. 


Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas A&M is 
an AA/EEO employer. Visit our website for more information about the department 
and the university. 


The Search Committee will begin to review applications immediately. Send a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, and a sample publication (article-length) 
to: James L. Harner, Chair/Search Committee/Department of English/Texas 
A&M University/4227 TAMU/College Station, TX 77843-4227. To be assured 
of full consideration, applications must be postmarked no later than November 1, 
2005. Candidates who pass an initial screening will be asked to provide three letters 
of reference. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. [R] 


Texas A&M U 

English, 4227 TAMU College Station TX 77843 

Old English-Tenure-Track Assistant Professorship 438 

http://www.english.tamu.edu/ 
The Department of English invites applications for a beginning Assistant Professorship 
in Old English language and literature beginning Fall 2006. Candidates 
should be qualified to teach Old English to graduate students and advanced undergraduates 
and show significant promise for scholarly publication in this area. 
Candidates should also be interested in teaching in a secondary area of expertise, 


such as the history of English, linguistics, Middle English language and/or literature, 
textual/manuscript studies, gender studies, or vernacular literacy studies. 
A partner department in the Carnegie Foundation's Initiative on the Doctorate, 


we are also designated a "signature" department at Texas A&M University. The 
department houses several major journals and research initiatives, including 
Callaloo, the World Shakespeare Bibliography Online, and the Donne Variorum 
project. The department's undergraduate and graduate programs offer concentrations 
in such areas as Comparative Literature and Culture, Early Modern British 
Studies, New Modern British Studies, American Studies, Film, Creative Writing, 
Discourse Studies, and Gender Studies. English faculty at Texas A&M also 
benefit from the research opportunities made available through the Melbern G. 
Glasscock Center for Humanities Research, which provides support for individual 
scholars and research groups. 


Salary and teaching load are competitive. Faculty teach both undergraduate and 
graduate courses in their specialty and receive significant departmental research 
support, including travel funds. 


Minorities and women scholars are strongly encouraged to apply. Texas A&M is 
an AA/EEO employer. Visit our website at http://www.english.tamu.edu/for 
more information about the department and the university. 


The Search Committee will begin to review applications immediately. Send a 
letter of application, curriculum vitae, and dissertation abstract to: James L. 
Harner, Chair/Search Committee/Department of English/Texas A&M University/
4227 TAMU/College Station, TX 77843-4227. To be assured of full consideration, 
applications must be postmarked no later than November 1, 2005. 
Candidates who pass an initial screening will be asked to provide three letters of 
reference and a writing sample. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. [R] 


Texas SU-San Marcos 

English, 601 University Dr San Marcos TX 78666 

Assistant Professor of English—Children's Literature 266 

http://www.txstate.edu 
Tenure-track position beginning Fall 2006, specialty in children's literature. 
Earned doctorate in English or other appropriate field required. Successful candidate 
will maintain an active research agenda and teach graduate and undergraduate 
courses in children's literature. Teaching of lower-division courses, such as 
literature surveys and first-year composition, is also required. Please send letter, 
vita, and dossier to Prof. Michael Hennessy, Chair, at above address. Review of 
applications will begin October 31, 2005, and will continue until the position is 
filled. Texas State University-San Marcos, located in the burgeoning Austin-San 
Antonio corridor, enrolls more than 26,000 students in a wide range of undergraduate 
and graduate programs. The university is an equal opportunity educational 
institution and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. Texas 
State University-San Marcos is a member of the Texas State University 
System. [R] 

Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of 18th-Century British Literature 844 

http://www.english.ttu.edu 
Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor of Eighteenth-Century British 
Literature. Area of specialization open, but candidates with interest in mid-tolate 
century, criticism, history of the novel, postcolonial theory, gender, or the 
Transatlantic are encouraged to apply. Tenure-track. 2/2 load guaranteed during 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


first two years; 3/3 thereafter with opportunities for reduction to 3/2. Graduate 
and undergraduate courses; service on thesis and dissertation committees. Ph.D. 
required. We are interested in candidates with publications or publication 
potential. 


The Department of English is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 150 
graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with five undergraduate divisions, two 
masters and two doctoral programs. The Eighteenth Century: Theory and Interpretation 
has been based in the English department for 25 years. The University 
Library subscribes to the Gale Eighteenth Century Collections Online (ECCO). 
A new building provides state-of-the-art classrooms. Texas Tech is a growing 
university, encompassing a law school and medical school as well as colleges of 
Arts and Sciences, Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, Human 
Sciences, Mass Communication, and the Visual and Performing Arts. The College 
of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment of 29,000. 


For a fuller job description and more information about the department, please 


see www.english.ttu.edu. Direct inquiries to english@ttu.edu. 
Candidates must apply online at jobs.texastech.edu, attaching a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications will be accepted until the position is 
filled; the committee will start reviewing applications on November 1, 2005. 


TTU is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, and it encourages 
applications from minorities and women. [R] 


Texas Tech U 

English, PO Box 43091 Lubbock TX 79409 

Assistant Professor of Latina/Latino Literature 849 

http://www.english.ttu.edu 
The Department of English of Texas Tech University seeks an Assistant Professor 
of Latina/Latino literature or Chicana/Chicano literature. Area of specialization 
open, but candidates with interest in borderlands/border theory, Diaspora, biculturalism, 
theories and representations of Latinidad, postcolonialism and Latinos/ 
as, mestizaje, or tropicalization are especially encouraged to apply. 2/2 load guaranteed 
during first two years; 3/3 thereafter with opportunities for reduction to 
3/2. Graduate and undergraduate courses; service on thesis and dissertation 


committees. Ph.D. required. We are interested in candidates with publications or 
publication potential. 
The Department of English is large (47 faculty, 500 undergraduate majors, 150 


graduate students), dynamic, and diverse, with five undergraduate divisions, two 
masters and two doctoral programs. Texas Tech also offers a B.A. and graduate 
minors in Latin American and Iberian Studies, with faculty from all colleges participating. 
There is also a Ph.D. program in Spanish, and an interdisciplinary program 
in Comparative Literature. New multicultural offerings (curricular and 
extracurricular) are also in progress, under the direction of the President's Office/
Special Assistant for Diversity. The Southwest Collection/Special Collections 
library (www.swco.ttu.edu) also offers important resources for research. A 
new building provides state-of-the-art classrooms. Texas Tech is a growing university, 
encompassing a law school and medical school as well as colleges of Arts 
and Sciences, Architecture, Business Administration, Engineering, Human Sciences, 
Mass Communication, and the Visual and Performing Arts. The College 
of Arts and Sciences represents 35% of the total enrollment of 29,000. 


For a fuller job description and more information about the department, please 


see www.english.ttu.edu. Direct inquiries to english@ttu.edu. 
Candidates must apply online at jobs.texastech.edu, attaching a letter of application 
and curriculum vitae. Applications will be accepted until the position is 
filled; the committee will start reviewing applications on November 1, 2005. 


TTU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, and it encourages 
applications from minorities and women. [R] 


Trinity U 

English, 1 Trinity Pl San Antonio TX 78212 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of English 60 

http://www.trinity.edu 
Recent Ph.D. (or near Ph.D.) in English, research specialty in Twentieth Century 
British Literature, with related interests in one or more of the following areas: 

Modernism/Postmodernism, Gender and Sexuality, Postcolonialism, and Literary 
and Cultural Theory. Teach three undergraduate classes each semester, including 
upper-level courses in Twentieth Century British Literature, lower-level 
survey courses in British Literature after 1800, and first-year writing courses. Application 
letter, curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, three confidential academic 
reference letters (not to be sent by candidate), dissertation abstract, and 
writing sample (no more than 20 pages), to be sent (surface mail only) by November 
21, 2005 to: Professor Victoria Aarons, Chair, Department of English, 
Trinity University, 1 Trinity Place, San Antonio, Texas 78212-7200, [Email: 
vaarons@trinity.edu] 

Trinity University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Minority and women 
candidates are encouraged to apply. 

U of Houston-Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor of English 956 

http://www.uhd.edu/academic/colleges/humanities/english/degr 
Three tenure-track positions in Literature/Composition beginning August 2006. 
Expertise in one of the following fields: African American Literature, Postcolonial 
Literature, Children's/Young Adult Literature, British Literary and Cultural 
Studies, Rhetoric, or American Ethnic Literatures. All members of the Depart


ment teach composition. Candidates must demonstrate training, experience 
and/or scholarship in composition. Completed Ph.D. by Fall 2006 preferred. 
The University of Houston-Downtown is an urban, open-admissions university. 


Usual undergraduate teaching load is 4/4; nine-month positions are budgeted at 


$45,898. 
Complete application files are due November 8 for interviews at MLA. Send 
your letter of application, CV, and unofficial transcripts to Dr. Sandra Dahlberg, 
English Department, University of Houston-Downtown, One Main Street, 
Suite S-1045, Houston, TX 77002-1001. 


Only applicants eligible for employment in the U.S. will be considered. AA/ 
EOE [R] 


U of Houston-Downtown 

English, 1 Main St Houston TX 77002 

Assistant Professor of English 960 

http://www.uhd.edu/academic/colleges/humanities/english/degr 
Four new, fully funded, tenure-track positions in an expanding, 14-member professional 
writing program. Teach upper-level business and technical report writing 
and related courses such as legal writing, documentation and manuals, 
proposal writing, advanced business and technical report writing, visual design, 
and others in our 20-year-old BS and one-year-old MS programs. New usability/
accessibility lab available for teaching and research. Ph.D. or relevant terminal 
degree required; earned by Fall 2006 a plus. Industry experience a plus. We seek 


candidates with university-level teaching experience and potential to research 
and publish in the field. 
The University of Houston-Downtown is an urban, open-admissions, multicul


tural, teaching university. Usual undergraduate teaching load is 4/4. The new 
positions are budgeted at $47,000 for 9-month appointments. Summer teaching 
with additional salary is frequently available. 


Applications accepted beginning immediately. Search open until positions are 


filled. 
Send your letter of application, separate statements of teaching philosophy and 
research interests, a five-to ten-page writing sample, CV, unofficial transcripts, 
and three recent letters of reference to Dr. Joe Strange, Search Committee Chair, 
English Department, Suite S-1045, University of Houston-Downtown, One 
Main Street, Houston, TX 77002-1001 or electronically to strangej@uhd.edu. 


Only applicants eligible for employment in the U.S. will be considered. AA/ 
EOE [R] 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of Texas at Arlington 

English, PO Box 19035 Arlington TX 76019 

Assistant Professor of Digital Media 1018 

http://www.uta.edu/english/home/index.html 
The Department of English at the University of Texas at Arlington invites applications 
for a tenure track assistant professor of English with an emphasis on the 
history and theory of digital media technologies, the aesthetics of new digital 
media, and related areas. The successful applicant must have a PhD in English, 
Rhetoric, or Comparative Literature, or have earned one by August, 2006. In 
addition to critical theory and/or rhetorical theory related to digital media, areas 
of expertise will preferably include one or more of the following areas: cultural 
digital studies, film and video, game studies, and writing in virtual environments. 
We are seeking a theorist with an active and promising research program, who is 
rooted in studies across the humanities and who will help develop the department's 
existing English Computer Research and Teaching (eCREATE) Lab. 
Candidates should demonstrate knowledge of multimedia applications via an 
electronic portfolio; please submit a URL or a DVD. Opportunity to teach graduate 
as well as upper-and lower-level courses in areas of specialization. Typical 
load is 2/2 courses the first year, 3/2 thereafter. Located in the Dallas-Forth 
Worth metropolitan area, UTA is rated a Doctoral/Research Extensive University 
by the Carnegie Foundation and offers an M.A. and Ph.D. in English Studies. 
Applications must be postmarked no later than November 15 to be 
considered for an MLA interview. Position open until filled. Send letter of application 
and CV to Professor Martin Danahay, Chair, Media Search Committee, 
UTA English Department, P.O. Box 19035, Arlington, Texas 76019-0035. UTA 
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 

U of Texas at Arlington 

English, PO Box 19035 Arlington TX 76019 

Associate Professor of Rhetoric and Writing Program Administrator 1019 

http://www.uta.edu/english/home/index.html 
The University of Texas at Arlington invites applications for an Associate Professor 
to serve as Writing Program Administrator (WPA), starting in the Fall semester 
of AY 2006–07; the WPA has a 2/1 teaching load per academic year, 
including undergraduate and graduate teaching, and thesis and dissertation supervision. 
The WPA will work with and supervise Associate and Assistant Directors 
of the First-Year English Program (FYEP), the Director and Associate 
Director of the Writing Center, and the Coordinator of Developmental English. 
The WPA will also be responsible for supervising graduate teaching assistant 
training and coordinating outcomes assessments for the individual programs 
listed above as well as for the English Department as a whole. Additional duties 
will include serving as a liaison between the English Department and other University 
departments and programs, providing leadership and assistance in the development 
of cross-disciplinary writing programs and initiatives. The WPA must 
be an active researcher—preferably in two or more of the following areas: writing 
program administration, assessment, pedagogy of writing, and writing across 
the curriculum (WAC), and writing in the disciplines (WID). Additional research 
or experience in technical writing, educational technology, distance learning, 
learning communities, or service learning is desirable. Minimal qualifications 
are a PhD in English, Rhetoric, Composition, or a related field as well as experience 
as a writing program administrator or a similar administrative position. 
Salary is commensurate with credentials/experience, and is based on a nine-
month contract. Summer teaching available. Located in the Dallas-Forth Worth 
metropolitan area, UTA is rated a Doctoral/Research Extensive University by 
the Carnegie Foundation and offers an M.A. and Ph.D. in English Studies. Ap


plications must be postmarked no later than November 15 if applicants wish to 
be considered for an MLA interview. 
Position open until filled. Send letter of application and CV to Professor Kevin 

Porter, Chair, WPA Search Committee, English Department, P.O. Box 19035, 
University of Texas at Arlington, Arlington, TX 76019-0035. UTA is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 

U of Texas at Austin 

English, PAR 108 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of English 432 

http://www.utexas.edu/cola/depts/english/ 
University of Texas at Austin. Department of English. Assistant Professor of English 
affiliated with the Center for African and African American Studies and the 
Center for Women's and Gender Studies. Assistant professorship in Black Feminist 
literatures to begin fall semester of 2006. Applicants should have the PhD in 
hand (or to be awarded by June, 2006), documented evidence of success and 
promise as a university teacher, and a research agenda that will contribute to the 
English Department's highly ranked Ethnic and Third World Literatures graduate 
program. The selected candidate will be expected to engage in high quality 
research, be an effective classroom teacher at both graduate and undergraduate 
levels, direct theses and dissertations, provide service to the English Department, 
the College of Liberal Arts, and the University, and to participate actively in the 
programs sponsored by the Center for African and African American Studies and 
the Center for Women's and Gender Studies. The University of Texas is an AA/ 
EEO employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Deadline for 
applications is November 15, 2005. Please send letter and cv to Edmund T. Gordon, 
Director, Center for African and African American Studies, Jester A232A, 
University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78705 [R] 

U of Texas at Austin 

English, PAR 108 Austin TX 78712 

Assistant Professor of English 434 

http://www.utexas.edu/cola/depts/english/ 
University of Texas at Austin. Department of English. Assistant Professor of English. 
Assistant professorship with specialization in American Literature to 1900 
to begin fall semester of 2006. Applicants should have the PhD in hand (or to be 
awarded by June, 2006), documented success and promise as a university level 
teacher, and a clearly defined research agenda. The selected candidate will be 
counted on for graduate and undergraduate (including lower division) teaching 
and for directing doctoral dissertations, MA reports, and honors theses. The 
University of Texas also expects its faculty to publish extensively and to provide 
service to the Department, College, and University. The University of Texas is 
an AA/EEO employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Application 
deadline: October 15, 2005. Please send letter and cv to James D. Garrison, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 
78712-1164. [R] 

U of Texas at Austin 

English, PAR 108 Austin TX 78712 

Director of Asian-American Studies 437 

http://www.utexas.edu/cola/depts/aas/ 
Area: Asian American Studies 
Discipline: Open; we are especially interested in American Studies, English, or 

History scholars. We are also interested in the following fields of specialization: 

cultural studies, immigration, labor studies, legal studies, or queer studies. 
The College of Liberal Arts at the University of Texas at Austin invites applications 
for Director of Asian American Studies, at the Associate Professor or 
Professor level. Applicants are expected to be well-published, with evidence of 
original research and effective teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 
Appointees will have administrative, teaching, and research responsibilities at the 
Center, home department, College and University levels. Salary is competitive 
and dependent upon qualifications and experience. Applicants should provide a 
vita, writing sample of scholarly work, three letters of recommendation, and 
teaching evaluations. The deadline for the application is October 14, 2005. 
Application materials should be sent to Professor Mia Carter, Interim Director, 
Center for Asian American Studies, Geography 220, The University of Texas at 
Austin, 1 University Station, A2200, Austin, TX 78712. AA/EEO 
Employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Texas at El Paso 

English, 500 W University Av, 113 Hudspeth Hall El Paso TX 79968 

Assistant Professor-Rhetoric and Technical Communication 591 

http://utep.edu 
Assistant Professor position, tenure-track, beginning Fall 2006, specializing in 
Rhetoric and Technical Communication, to teach undergraduate, MA, and PhD 
courses in theory, research, and application. Strong research agenda required. Interest 
in one or more of the following: visual/digital rhetoric, online systems, 
multimedia production, instructional design, community outreach, knowledge 
management, usuability, risk communication, international communication contexts, 
and writing in professional contexts. Review of applications will begin 
October 1, 2005. Send letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, 
and writing sample (or dossier) to Dr. Kate Mangelsdorf, Director of Rhetoric 
and Writing Studies, English Department, UTEP, 500 W. University 
Avenue, El Paso, TX 79968-0526. The University of Texas El Paso is the only 
doctoral intensive university in the country with a majority Mexican-American 
student body. Situated on the U.S.-Mexico border, we offer a vibrant cultural 
setting with outstanding opportunities for research and grants. UTEP, an Equal 
Opportunity Affirmative Action employer, does not discriminate on the basis of 
race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, veteran status, or sexual 
orientation in employment or the provision of services. 

U of Texas at El Paso 

English, 500 W University Av, 113 Hudspeth Hall El Paso TX 79968 

Assistant Professor-English Education 521 

http://utep.edu 
Assistant Professor position, tenure-track, beginning fall 2006, specializing in English 
Education with training and/or expertise in Children's Literature and Writing 
Processes of Children. Experience and/or training in young Adult Literature 
and English/Language Arts pedagogy. Commitment to excellence in research, 
service, and teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels in English Education; 
also be prepared to direct theses in the Masters of Arts in Teaching (MAT) 
in English. Great availabiltiy of technology-rich classrooms. Review of applications 
will begin October 1, 2005. Position open until filled. Send letter of application, 
CV, and dossier (or three letters of recommendation) to Dr. Keith 
Polette, Director of English Education, English Department, UTEP, 500 W. 
University Avenue, El Paso, TX 79968-0526. UTEP, an Equal Opportunity Affirmative 
Action employer, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national 
origin, sex, religion, age, disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation in 
employment or the provision of services. 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

American Literature 535 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 
American Literature: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. Position No. 
F05/06–16. Ph.D. in English or related field required with a specialization in 


Mexican-American Literature; interest in developing an interdisciplinary borderlands 
studies program. Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. 
Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 


teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 


Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor Rhetoric and Composition 538 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 

Rhetoric and Composition: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. Position 
No. F05/06–20. 
Ph.D. in English or a related field required by the appointment date and a dem


onstrated interest in teaching writing, literacy studies, and rhetorical theory. Preferred: 
Scholarly activities and teaching experience in computers and writing 
and/or professional and technical communications. Interest in contributing to interdisciplinary 
women's studies program, assessment, or teacher education a plus. 
The teaching load will initially consist of a combination of freshman writing, advanced 
writing, and composition pedagogy, with the opportunity to develop undergraduate 
and graduate courses in area of specialization. Tenure-track position 
begins Fall 2006. 

Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Asssitant Professor in American Literature 540 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 

Multi-ethnic American Literatures: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. 
Position No. F05/06–15. 
Ph.D. in English or related field required. Tenure-track Assistant Professor in eth


nic American literatures to complement new hires in Mexican American literature 
and Border Studies. An ideal candidate will bring a teaching and research 
focus to one or more diverse U.S. ethnic groups, including but not limited to: 
African American, Asian Pacific American, Middle Eastern American, 
Caribbean American, Jewish American, and/or Native American literature. Tenure-
track position begins Fall 2006. 

Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Open Rank—Postmodern/Contemporary Literature 549 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 
Postmodern/Contemporary Literature: Open Rank. Position No. F05/06–13. 
Ph.D. in English or related field required. We are searching for candidates with a 


publication record and teaching experience in the field of Postmodern/ 
Contemporary literature. The position will support our undergraduate and graduate 
English Program. Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. Please note the 
following criteria apply for each professorial rank and specify in your letter of application 
the rank you are applying for: 

• Assistant Professor: Evidence of strong potential in both publications and 
teaching. 
• Associate Professor: Established track record of success in both publications and 
teaching. Minimum criteria: one book publication and several journal 
publications. 
• Professor: Established track record of success in both publications and teaching. 
National reputation as scholar. Minimum criteria: two book publications and 
numerous journal publications. 
Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Open Rank-Border Studies 547 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 
Border Studies: Open Rank. Position No. F05/06–12 
The Department of English seeks applications and nominations for a tenure-

track faculty member specializing in Border Studies. An ideal candidate will 
bring a cultural studies approach to the problems of immigration, citizenship, 
transnationalism, language, ethnicity, race, and gender along national borders, especially 
the US/Mexico border. Ph.D. in English or related field by the appointment 
date is required. Preferred: Teaching experience with a diverse student 
body. Please note the following criteria apply for each professorial rank and specify 
in your letter of application the rank you are applying for: 

• Assistant Professor: Evidence of strong potential in both publications and 
teaching. 
• Associate Professor: Established track record of success in both publications and 
teaching. Minimum criteria: one book publication and several journal 
publications. 
• Professor: Established track record of success in both publications and teaching. 
National reputation as scholar. Minimum criteria: two book publications and 
numerous journal publications. 
Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 

Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor of English Education 539 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 

Teacher Education and Adolescent Literature: Assistant Professor, tenure-track 
position. Position F05/06–21. 
Ph.D. in English or EdD in ELA or related field required; evidence of strong po


tential for scholarship in areas related to adolescent or children's literature and/or 
ELA teacher education. Preferred qualifications include a valid teaching certificate 
in an ELA field, interest in working with ELA teacher certification candidates, 
some experience in middle or high school ELA teaching, experience in 
assessment practices in ELA. Preparation of preservice English Language Arts 
teacher candidates for state certification examination. Areas of specialization may 
include adolescent literature, children's literature, reading, ELA teacher preparation, 
literacy development, literature methods, bilingual education, ELA pedagogy. 
Teaching load will consist of a combination of adolescent and children's 
literature, literature methods, and freshman composition, with opportunities for 
collaborating with college of education faculty in institutional teacher preparation. 
Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. 

Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor in Creative Writing (2) 537 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 
Creative Writing: Assistant Professor, two tenure-track positions. Position F05/ 
06–19 


M.F.A. or Ph.D. in Creative Writing required. We are especially interested in 
candidates with experience and publications in poetry and/or nonfiction. Applications 
from candidates with experience and publications in more than one 
genre are especially welcome. New faculty will help develop and launch planned 
M.F.A. program. Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. 
Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approved. This position is security-sensitive 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor Generalist 533 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 
Generalist: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. Position No. F05/06–17 
Ph.D. or A.B.D. in English or related field required by the appointment date. 


Ideal candidate will have an interest in the teaching of writing as well as a strong 
commitment to undergraduate teaching. The Department of English seeks a 
generalist to teach composition and some literature courses in our undergraduate, 
general-education core curriculum. Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. 


Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 


U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor in American Literature 529 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 

American Literature: Assistant Professor, tenure-track position. Position F05/ 
06–18 
Ph.D. in English or related field required with a specialization in Pre-Civil War 

American Literature; evidence of a strong potential for scholarship and teaching. 

Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. 
Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 

UTAH 
Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of English 690 

http://english.byu.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for permanent positions, all areas 
considered. Successful candidates will show evidence of excellence in teaching 

and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. Salary, benefits, and teaching load 
competitive. PhD completion preferred by starting date. Applications are completed 
online at http://yjobs.byu.edu (select full-time faculty, then look for the 
appropriate job posting, which is Faculty-English). Initial applications include 
the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. These must be submitted by November 
1. Application materials may be attached to the online application or 
sent to Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, 4198 JFSB, Brigham 
Young University, Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, an equal opportunity 
employer, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, 
national origin, veteran status, or against qualified individuals with disabilities. 
All faculty are required to abide by the university's honor code and dress and 
grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members in good standing 
of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing 697 

http://english.byu.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for a permanent position in Creative 
Writing, fiction only. Significant publishing record required, along with evidence 
of excellence in teaching. Completion of terminal degree preferred by 
starting date. Rank open. Salary, benefits, and teaching load competitive. Applications 
are completed online at http://yjobs.byu.edu (select full-time faculty, 
then look for the appropriate job posting, which is Faculty-English). Initial applications 
include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. These must be 
submitted by November 1. Application materials may be attached to the online 
application or sent to Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, 4198 
JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, 
an equal opportunity employer, does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, or against qualified individuals 
with disabilities. All faculty are required to abide by the university's honor code 
and dress and grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members in 
good standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of Rhetoric/Composition 700 

http://english.byu.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for permanent positions in 
Rhetoric and Composition. Successful candidates will show evidence of excellence 
in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. Salary, benefits, 
and teaching load competitive. PhD completion preferred by starting date. Applications 
are completed online at http://yjobs.byu.edu (select full-time faculty, 
then look for the appropriate job posting, which is Faculty-English). Initial applications 
include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. These must be 
submitted by November 1. Application materials may be attached to the online 
application or sent to Faculty Search Committee, Department of English, 4198 
JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham Young University, 
an equal opportunity employer, does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, or against qualified individuals 
with disabilities. All faculty are required to abide by the university's honor code 
and dress and grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified members in 
good standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

English, 4198 JFSB Provo UT 84602 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 694 

http://english.byu.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for permanent positions in 
American literature, all areas considered. Successful candidates will show evidence 
of excellence in teaching and significant scholarly potential. Rank open. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Salary, benefits, and teaching load competitive. PhD completion preferred by 
starting date. Applications are completed online at http://yjobs.byu.edu (select 
full-time faculty, then look for the appropriate job posting, which is Faculty-English). 
Initial applications include the on-line application, cover letter, and vita. 
These must be submitted by November 1. Application materials may be attached 
to the online application or sent to Faculty Search Committee, Department of 
English, 4198 JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 84602. Brigham 
Young University, an equal opportunity employer, does not discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status, or against qualified 
individuals with disabilities. All faculty are required to abide by the university's 
honor code and dress and grooming standards. Preference is given to qualified 
members in good standing of the affiliated church, The Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints. [R] 

Brigham Young U 

Humanities, Classics, & Comp Lit, PO Box 26049, 3008 JFSB Provo UT 
84602 

Assistant Professor in Humanities 747 

http://hccl.byu.edu/index.shtml 
The Department of Humanities, Classics, and Comparative Literature invites applications 
for two tenure-track positions in its Humanities section, beginning Fall 
2006. Requirements: PhD in Interdisciplinary Humanities or PhD in literature, 
cultural or intellectual history, philosophy (aesthetics), musicology, or art history 
with demonstrable expertise in interdisciplinary study. Candidates with any specialty 
may apply, but the department is especially interested in those working in 
the 17th-18th centuries (European), East Asian Humanities, and Interrelations of 
the Arts, including music. Degree must be completed by August 2005. Expectations: 
3/2 or 2/3 course load, consisting of introductory humanities and Western 
Civilization courses and senior-level courses in area of specialization; regular 
publication of research in area of specialization; limited committee work in the 
first years of employment. An equal opportunity employer, the university does 
not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, veteran status 
or against qualified individuals with disabilities. All faculty are required to 
abide by the university's honor code and dress and grooming standards. Preference 
is given to qualified members in good standing of the affiliated church, The 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Send letter and cv to V. Stanley Ben-
fell, chair, 3008 JFSB, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602; or by email 
attachment to benfell@byu.edu. Dossiers and samples of writing will be requested 
from those whose candidacy the department chooses to pursue. Application 
deadline: 15 November 2005. [R] 

Utah SU 

English, 3200 Old Main Hill Logan UT 84322 

Assistant professor, tenure-track, in English Education 833 

http://english.usu.edu 
We seek a well-qualified faculty member with a specialization in English Education 
focusing on the subject matter and the pedagogy of literature. We are especially 
interested in candidates whose interests include young adult literature, 
literature of diversity, and/or literacy studies. PhD in English Education or English 
or EdD in similar areas plus secondary teaching experience or equivalent 

required; publications desired. Teaching assignment is four courses per year on 
semester system. Position available August 2006 at competitive salary. 
The department is actively involved in working with secondary educators. It 

maintains a cooperative program with Secondary Education in the College of 
Education, it is the home of the Utah Writing Project, and it supports an extensive 
concurrent enrollment program with area high schools. 

Utah State is classified as a Doctoral Extensive university by the Carnegie Foundation. 
Located in Logan, a community with a regional population of 100,000, it 
is approximately 90 minutes north of Salt Lake City. The area has great scenic 
beauty and a four-season climate with excellent opportunities for outdoor recreation 
year round. 

Send letter of application, vita, and dossier to Jeffrey Smitten, Head. Applications 
may be sent by mail or electronically. Mail applications must be postmarked by 
November 18; electronic applications must be received by November 18 and 

may be sent to http://english.usu.edu/recruit05/, a password-protected web site. 
Department acknowledges all applications. Preliminary interviews at MLA followed 
by on-campus visit. AA/EOE. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. 9/6/05 [R] 

Utah SU 

English, 3200 Old Main Hill Logan UT 84322 

Assistant professor, tenure-track, in American literature 

http://english.usu.edu 
We seek an energetic, innovative faculty member in American literature. We 
strongly prefer candidates with a specialization in literature before 1850 that focuses 
on Hispanic-American topics, such as southwestern borderlands and migrations 
or the Spanish colonial period in the New World. Related secondary 
interests such as Chicano/a literature are desirable. Because we wish to foster 
awareness of cultural diversity within the department and the university, the successful 
candidate will be expected to participate in the activities of the interdisciplinary 
American Studies program, the Latin American Area Studies minor, and 
the university's Mountain West Center for Regional Studies. Willingness to 
work with minority student groups, such as the Hispanic Students Union, and to 
help with recruitment in the rapidly growing Hispanic community in Utah is 
also desirable. Currently, the local population is 15% Hispanic, and it is projected 

that by 2010 40% of students enrolled in Utah's elementary schools will be Hispanic. 
PhD in American literature or American Studies and teaching experience are re


quired; publications desired. Teaching assignment is four courses per year on semester 
system, including the first half of the American literature survey as well as 
upper-division/graduate courses in American literature and other courses as 
needed. Position available August 2006 at competitive salary. 

Utah State is classified as a Doctoral Extensive university by the Carnegie Foundation. 
Located in Logan, a community with a regional population of 100,000, it 
is approximately 90 minutes north of Salt Lake City. The area has great scenic 
beauty and a four-season climate with excellent opportunities for outdoor recreation 
year round. 

Send letter of application, vita, and dossier to Jeffrey Smitten, Head. Applications 
may be sent by mail or electronically. Mail applications must be postmarked by 
November 18; electronic applications must be received by November 18 and 
may be sent to http://english.usu.edu/recruit05/, a password-protected web site. 
Department acknowledges all applications. Preliminary interviews at MLA followed 
by on-campus visit. AA/EOE. Women and minorities are encouraged to 
apply. 9/6/05 [R] 

VERMONT 
U of Vermont 

English, PO Box 54030, 400 Old Mill Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.uvm.edu/~english 
Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall, 2006. 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall, 2006. Nineteenth-

century British poetry. Ability to teach Romantic poetry required. 
Typical assignment includes one of the "gateway" courses for English majors 
("Texts and Contexts," a course in close reading and writing; or "Critical Ap


proaches," an introduction to literary and cultural theory), introductory and advanced 
undergraduate courses and occasional M.A.-level seminars. 
Candidates must apply online at www.uvmjobs.com and must also attach to that 

application a letter of application and curriculum vitae. The deadline for filing 
these materials is November 10, 2005, to Prof. Anthony G. Bradley, Acting 
Chair, Dept. of English, University of Vermont, Old Mill 400, Burlington VT 
05405. Applications will be acknowledged; please do not send unsolicited materials. 
Interviews at MLA. Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment. 

The University of Vermont is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. The Department is committed to increasing faculty diversity and 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


welcomes applications from women and underrepresented ethnic, racial and cultural 
groups and from people with disabilities. [R] 

U of Vermont 

English, PO Box 54030, 400 Old Mill Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant Professor of English 248 

http://www.uvm.edu/~english 
Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall, 2006. 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor of English, beginning Fall, 2006. American lit


erature to 1850. Specialization in colonial, transatlantic, and/or multi-ethnic literature 
and culture desirable; expertise in genres other than nineteenth-century 
novel preferred. 

Typical assignment includes one of the "gateway" courses for English majors 
("Texts and Contexts," a course in close reading and writing; or "Critical Approaches," 
an introduction to literary and cultural theory), introductory and advanced 
undergraduate courses and occasional M.A.-level seminars. 

Candidates must apply online at www.uvmjobs.com and must also attach to that 
application a letter of application and curriculum vitae. The deadline for filing 
these materials is November 10, 2005, to Prof. Anthony G. Bradley, Acting 
Chair, Dept. of English, University of Vermont, Old Mill 400, Burlington VT 
05405. Applications will be acknowledged; please do not send unsolicited materials. 
Interviews at MLA. Ph.D. in hand by time of appointment. [R] 

U of Vermont 

English, PO Box 54030, 400 Old Mill Burlington VT 05405 

Assistant Professor of English 249 

http://www.uvm.edu/~english 


Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Film and Television Studies, beginning Fall, 
2006. 
Film generalist; ability to teach non-Western film desirable. Dissertation in Film 


Studies required. 
Typical assignment includes one of the "gateway" courses for English majors 
("Texts and Contexts," a course in close reading and writing; or "Critical Approaches," 
an introduction to literary and cultural theory), introductory and ad


vanced undergraduate courses and occasional M.A.-level seminars in film history, 
theory, and criticism. 
Candidates must apply online at www.uvmjobs.com and must also attach to that 


application a letter of application and curriculum vitae. The deadline for filing 
these materials is November 10, 2005. Applications will be acknowledged; please 
do not send unsolicited materials. Interviews at MLA. Ph.D. in hand by time of 
appointment. 


The University of Vermont is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. The Department is committed to increasing faculty diversity and welcomes 
applications from women and underrepresented ethnic, racial and cultural 
groups and from people with disabilities. [R] 


VIRGINIA 
C of William & Mary 

English, PO Box 8795 Williamsburg VA 23187 

Assistant Professor 568 

http://www.wm.edu/english/ 
Entry-level, Assistant Professor tenure-track position: Specialist in English Renaissance 
drama to teach courses in Shakespeare, survey courses in 16th and early 

17th century literature, and other courses in the candidate's area(s) of expertise 
within the period. 
Review of applications will begin on October 30 and continue until the position 

is filled. The College is an EEO/AA employer. 

Please send letter and c.v. to Paula Blank, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English, College of William and Mary, P.O. Box 8795, Williamsburg, Virginia, 
23187-8795. [R] 

C of William & Mary 

English, PO Box 8795 Williamsburg VA 23187 

Assistant Professor 569 

http://www.wm.edu/english/ 
Entry-level, Assistant Professor tenure-track position: American Literature/ 
American Studies with a special emphasis on Literature of the Americas. Capabilities 
in Asian-American, Native American, and/or Latino/a literature desir


able. Ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses, including core courses 
in American Studies. This is a joint position in English and American Studies. 
Review of applications will begin on October 30 and continue until the position 


is filled. The College is an EEO/AA employer. 
Please send letter and c.v. to Chairs, Literature of the Americas Search Committee, 
Department of English, College of William and Mary, P.O. Box 8795, 
Williamsburg, Virginia, 23187-8795. [R] 


Christopher Newport U 

English, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English (African-American Literature) 965 

http://www.cnu.edu 
For the 2006–2007 academic year, the Department of English at Christopher 
Newport University seeks an assistant professor (tenure-track) who will teach 
courses in African-American, American and/or African literatures, innovative 
first-and second-year composition seminars in a newly invigorated writing program, 
and first-year seminars, as well as upper-level courses for a new liberal 
learning core curriculum. Successful candidates will hold doctorate in English by 
August 2006. A demonstrated interest in scholarship and publication required. 
CNU, a selective, state-supported liberal arts and sciences university of approximately 
4,800 students, is located on the Virginia Peninsula between Williams-
burg and Virginia Beach. The University is seeking outstanding teachers who 
will engage undergraduate and graduate students in creative and disciplined intellectual 
challenges. A commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching 
and learning is a hallmark of CNU. For further information on CNU, please 
visit our web site at www.cnu.edu. The Department of English offers literature, 
writing, and language arts tracks in the BA and an MAT in Language Arts. To 
apply, send letter of application, curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and a statement of your philosophy of teaching to: Director of EO and Faculty 
Recruitment, African-American Literature Faculty Search #8322, 
Christopher Newport University, 1 University Place, Newport News, VA 
23606. Review of applications begins 11/1/05. Applications received after 11/ 
1/05, will be accepted but considered only if needed. Representatives from 
CNU will be available at MLA Convention in Washington, DC. However, 
attendance at MLA Convention is not required for consideration as a candidate 
for this position. CNU, an EOE, is fully committed to Access and 
Opportunity. [R] 

Christopher Newport U 

English, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English ( Journalism/Creative Nonfiction) 967 

http://www.cnu.edu 
For the 2006–2007 academic year, the Department of English at Christopher 
Newport University seeks applications for an assistant professor (tenure-track) in 
journalism and reported nonfiction. Successful candidates will have several years 
of experience in reporting or editing and hold doctorate in English, Writing, or 
Journalism by August 2006. Candidates with M.F.A. in English or Writing, with 
significant professional experience and publication, may be considered for tenure-
track appointment. Candidates should have interest and demonstrated teaching 
ability in introductory journalism courses and one more of the following: 
reported nonfiction (a.k.a., literary journalism, creative nonfiction); newspaper 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


or magazine layout, design and editing; online journalism, to include technical 
competence in posting and maintaining a Web site. In addition, candidates will 
also teach first-and second-year composition seminars, first-year seminars, and 
upper-level courses in the new liberal learning core curriculum. A demonstrated 
interest in scholarship and publication required, with the emphasis for M.F.A. 
candidates being on publication. The Department of English houses DoubleTake/
Points of Entry the bi-annual magazine of documentary journalism, photojournalism 
and essay, and welcomes candidates with an interest in associate 
editorships. CNU, a selective, state-supported liberal arts and sciences university 
of approximately 4,800 students, is located on the Virginia Peninsula between 
Williamsburg and Virginia Beach. The University is seeking outstanding teachers 
who will engage undergraduate and graduate students in creative and disciplined 
intellectual challenges. A commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching 
and learning is a hallmark of CNU. For further information on CNU, please 
visit our web site at www.cnu.edu. The Department of English offers literature, 
writing, and language arts tracks in the BA and an MAT in Language Arts. To 
apply, send letter of application, curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, 
and a statement of your philosophy of teaching, and a portfolio for publishing 
writers to: Director of EO and Faculty Recruitment, Journalism/Creative 
Nonfiction Faculty Search #8323, Christopher Newport University, 1 University 
Place, Newport News, VA 23606. Review of applications begins 11/1/05. 
Applications received after 11/1/05, will be accepted but considered only if 
needed. Representatives from CNU will be available at MLA Convention in 
Washington, DC. However, attendance at MLA Convention is not required for 
consideration as a candidate for this position. CNU, an EOE, is fully committed 
to Access and Opportunity. [R] 

Christopher Newport U 

English, 1 University Pl Newport News VA 23606 

Assistant Professor of English (Professional Writing) 968 

http://www.cnu.edu 
For the 2006–2007 academic year, the Department of English at Christopher 
Newport University seeks applications for an assistant professor (tenure-track) in 
public relations and/or technical writing. Successful candidates will hold doctorate 
in Professional or Technical Writing by August 2006. All candidates must 
have teaching experience in the following areas of specialization: public relations, 
grant writing, technical writing, and/or corporate/business writing. In addition, 
candidates will also teach first-and second-year composition seminars, first-year 
seminars, and upper-level courses in the new liberal learning core curriculum. A 
demonstrated interest in scholarship and publication required. CNU, a selective, 
state-supported liberal arts and sciences university of approximately 4,800 students, 
is located on the Virginia Peninsula between Williamsburg and Virginia 
Beach. The University is seeking outstanding teachers who will engage undergraduate 
and graduate students in creative and disciplined intellectual challenges. 
A commitment to excellence in undergraduate teaching and learning is a hallmark 
of CNU. For further information on CNU, please visit our web site at 
www.cnu.edu. The Department of English offers literature, writing, and language 
arts tracks in the BA and an MAT in Language Arts. To apply, send letter 
of application, curriculum vita, three letters of recommendation, and a statement 
of your philosophy of teaching, and a portfolio for publishing writers to: Director 
of EO and Faculty Recruitment, Professional Writing Faculty Search #8324, 
Christopher Newport University, 1 University Place, Newport News, VA 
23606. Review of applications begins 11/1/05. Applications received after 11/ 
1/05, will be accepted but considered only if needed. Representatives from 
CNU will be available at MLA Convention in Washington, DC. However, 
attendance at MLA Convention is not required for consideration as a candidate 
for this position. CNU, an EOE, is fully committed to Access and 
Opportunity. [R] 

Eastern Mennonite U 

Lang & Lit, 1200 Park Rd Harrisonburg VA 22801 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 387 

http://www.emu.edu 
Full-time, continuing position in composition and rhetoric beginning Fall 2006. 
Ph.D. required, with preference for candidates with secondary expertise in the 

history and grammar of English or early American literature. The new faculty 
member will teach classes in composition, grammar, and literature and will serve 
as a writing consultant to the Academic Support Center for a total of twelve 
hours each semester. Other responsibilities include advising, service, and scholarship. 
Applicants must support EMU's mission as an Anabaptist/Mennonite 
Christian institution. Send letter of application and dossier postmarked by Friday, 
November 11, 2005, to Marie S. Morris, Undergraduate Academic Dean, Eastern 
Mennonite University, Harrisonburg, VA 22802. Applications will be acknowledged 
by letter. EMU reserves the right to fill the position at any time or 
keep the position open. AAEO employer. We seek applicants who bring gender, 
ethnic, and cultural diversity. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Fiction Writer 351 

http://english.gmu.edu 
Tenure-Track Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor, to begin Fall 2006, in 
Fiction Writing. Candidates should have substantial publications (two books or 
equivalent) and proven teaching record. The successful candidate will teach graduate 
and undergraduate courses/workshops as well as advise and direct theses of 

students in the M.A. and M.F.A. programs. Review of applications begins 
Oct. 1, 2005. Apply online at 
http://jobs.gmu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=68550 
and send cover letter, c.v., writing sample, plus at least three letters of recom


mendation to William Miller, Search Committee, Dept. of English, Mailstop 
#3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. George Mason University 
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Poetry Writer 352 

http://english.gmu.edu 
Tenure-Track Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor, to begin Fall 2006, in 
Poetry Writing. Candidates should have substantial publications (two books or 
equivalent) and proven teaching record. The successful candidate will teach graduate 
and undergraduate courses/workshops as well as advise and direct theses of 

students in the M.A. and M.F.A. programs. Review of applications begins 
Oct. 1, 2005. Apply online at 
http://jobs.gmu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=68549 
and send cover letter, c.v., writing sample, plus at least three letters of recom


mendation to William Miller, Search Committee, Dept. of English, Mailstop 
#3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. George Mason University 
is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Women and minorities 
are encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 354 

http://english.gmu.edu 
Tenure-track Assistant Professor in Technical Writing, to begin Fall 2006. Candidates 
should have a Ph.D. in Professional/Technical Communication or in 
Composition/Rhetoric, with a strong background in technology. Potential for 
excellence in scholarship and in undergraduate and graduate teaching required. 
The successful candidate will teach graduate seminars in editing and in scientific 
and technical writing and undergraduate courses in technical and business writing. 
Home of the Northern Virginia Writing Project and a nationally ranked 
WAC/WID program, GMU has a well-established M.A. program in professional 
writing and editing and a popular undergraduate concentration in nonfiction 
writing and editing. Its introductory and advanced composition courses have the 
supports of a strong writing center and technology services. Review of applications 
begins Oct. 21, 2005. Apply and submit cover letter and c.v. online at 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


https://jobs.gmu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=68839 
and send writing sample plus at least three letters of recommendation through 
the mail to Chris Thaiss, Search Committee, Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, 
George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. George Mason University is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Assistant Professor of English 638 

http://english.gmu.edu 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Post-World War Two British Literature and 
Culture, to begin Fall 2006. Preference will be given to candidates with additional 
expertise in other Anglophone literatures and who can teach more than 
one genre. Must demonstrate potential for excellence in scholarship and in grad


uate and undergraduate teaching, including general education courses in composition 
or literature. Apply online at 
https://jobs.gmu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=68858 
and send cover letter, c.v., a writing sample, and at least three letters of recom


mendation through the mail to John Foster, Search Committee, Dept. of English, 
Mailstop #3E4, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. Review of 
applications will begin October 24, 2005. George Mason University is an Equal 
Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Women and minorities are encouraged 
to apply. [R] 

George Mason U 

English, MSN 3E4 Fairfax VA 22030 

Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor of English 353 

http://english.gmu.edu 
Tenure-track Advanced Assistant or Associate Professor in Professional Writing, 
to begin Fall 2006. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in Professional/Technical 
Communication or in Composition/Rhetoric and a record of publication in 
professional/technical writing and rhetoric. Excellence in scholarship, program 
leadership, and graduate and undergraduate teaching required. The successful 
candidate will teach graduate seminars in professional writing and rhetoric, coordinate 
graduate and undergraduate internships, and teach undergraduate courses 
in business writing. Home of the Northern Virginia Writing Project and a nationally 
ranked WAC/WID program, GMU has a well-established M.A. program 
in professional writing and editing and a popular undergraduate 
concentration in nonfiction writing and editing. Its introductory and advanced 
composition courses have the supports of a strong writing center and technology 

services. Review of applications begins Oct. 21, 2005. Apply and submit cover 
letter and c.v. online at 
https://jobs.gmu.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=68838 
and send writing sample plus at least three letters of recommendation through 

the mail to Chris Thaiss, Search Committee, Dept. of English, Mailstop #3E4, 
George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030. George Mason University is an 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

James Madison U 

English, 800 S Main St, 215 Keezell Hall, MS1801 Harrisonburg VA 22807 

Assistant Professor of English 955 

James Madison University announces a tenure-track position in African American 
literature. Primary responsibilities will include teaching the survey of African 
American literature and upper-division and graduate courses in Africana Studies 
and African American authors. No composition. Salary is competitive. Ph.D. in 
hand by August, 2006. Send letter of application, cv, and dossier to African 
American Search Chair, English Department, MSC 1801, JMU, Harrisonburg, 
VA 22807. Review of applications will begin 11/7/05/. AA/EOE 

Marymount U 

Lit & Lang, 2807 N Glebe Rd Arlington VA 22207 

Assistant Professor of Literature and Languages 330 

http://www.marymount.edu 
Marymount University seeks candidates for tenure-track assistant professor position 
specializing in Composition and Rhetoric or closely related field; creative 
writing credentials highly desirable. Applicants must have Ph.D. by June 2006 
and have demonstrated excellence in teaching rhetoric and composition, including 
freshman composition; willingness to work with diverse students from freshmen 
to graduate students; show evidence of potential or accomplishment in 
scholarship. Experience and expertise in two or more of the following required: 
ability to develop undergraduate and graduate courses in composition and creative 
writing and/or contemporary fiction; interest in writing program development; 
ability to promote writing across the campus and the curriculum. 
Candidates should be interested in initiating extracurricular events like poetry 
readings, guest lectures, and English club activities. Expertise/credentials in commercial/
professional/technical writing desirable. Teaching load: 3/3. Salary: 
$42,230. Candidates should submit applications to www.marymountjobs.com 
and include CV and cover letter addressing qualifications and scholarly interests. 
Application deadline: Nov. 1. [R] 

Marymount U 

Lit & Lang, 2807 N Glebe Rd Arlington VA 22207 

Assistant Professor of Literature and Languages 360 

http://www.marymount.edu 
Marymount University seeks candidates for a tenure-track assistant professor position. 
Successful candidates will have proven expertise in teaching freshman 
composition and generalist expertise for teaching a wide variety of courses, including 
at least two of the following: postcolonial world literature, secondary 
teacher preparation, and 18th century literature. Candidates must be committed 
to working with undergraduate and graduate students; show evidence of scholarly 
potential; and be interested in developing new courses, promoting writing 
across the curriculum, and teaching courses for the Liberal Arts Core. Candidates 
should be interested in initiating extracurricular events like poetry readings, 
guest lectures, and English club activities. Candidates must have a Ph.D. by 
June 2006. Teaching load: 3/3. Salary: $42,230. Candidates should submit applications 
to www.marymountjobs.com and include CV and cover letter addressing 
qualifications and scholarly interests. Application deadline: Nov. 1. [R] 

Roanoke C 

English, 221 College Ln Salem VA 24153 

Writing Center Director, Tenure Track, Assistant or Associate Level 579 

http://www.roanoke.edu 
Writing Center Director at Assistant or Associate Professor level, beginning Fall 
2006. Tenure-track. A Ph.D. in Composition and Rhetoric, Literature, Communications, 
or other terminal degree, and extensive writing center administrative 
experience required. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to 
design and implement a new writing center at a college deeply committed to 
improving composition pedagogy and practice across campus. Since the director 
will also teach a reduced load, a record of excellent teaching is expected, as are a 
commitment to the liberal arts and a dedication to engaging students as individuals. 
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Roanoke College is 
a nationally ranked residential liberal arts college affiliated with the Lutheran 
Church (ELCA), located in the beautiful Roanoke Valley of Virginia. A Phi Beta 
Kappa institution, Roanoke College is an equal opportunity employer and actively 
seeks diversity among its faculty, staff, and students; women and members 
of under-represented groups are especially encouraged to apply. Send letters of 
application, a statement of writing center philosophy, curriculum vitae, and letters 
of recommendation to Paul Hanstedt, Director of General Education, 
Roanoke College, Salem VA 24153-3794. Deadline: 11 November 2005. We 
intend to invite candidates to campus after interviewing at the MLA convention. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of Mary Washington 

English, Linguistics, & Speech, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 22401 

Specialist in African-American Literature(Tenure Track) 334 

http://www.umw.edu 
Tenure-track assistant professorship for a specialist in African American literature 
of any period. Ph.D. required at the time of employment. Responsibilities include 
teaching upper-level courses in the major program, general literature 
courses (for example, a global literature and/or introduction to literary genres 
course), and composition (ENGL 101). All faculty teach a 4/4 or equivalent 

load. Opportunities exist for developing new seminars and other courses for the 
major. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, list of graduate courses, official tran


script, and three current letters of recommendation. A writing sample and a 
completed Virginia state application will be required for candidates selected for 
MLA interviews. Candidates are expected to give evidence of potential for excellence 
in scholarship and in undergraduate teaching. PhD is required by the 
beginning of the contract, August 16, 2006. Send materials to African American 
Literature Search, Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech, University of 
Mary Washington, 1301 College Avenue, Fredericksburg, VA 22401. Deadline 
for receipt of materials is November 4, 2005 by 5 p.m. Postmarks will not be 
honored. e-mail or telephone inquiries to tkennedy@umw.edu, (540)-6541035. 


An hour from Washington, DC and Richmond, VA, the institution is a state-
supported, co-educational, liberal arts school, with a highly selective admissions 
policy and a strong commitment to undergraduate education. In a continuing effort 
to enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment 
opportunities, the department and the University actively encourage 
women and minorities to apply. [R] 

U of Mary Washington 

English, Linguistics, & Speech, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 22401 

Assistant Professor of English (Tenure Track) 339 

http://www.umw.edu 
Composition/Rhetoric 
Assistant Professor of English (Tenure Track) 
PhD with specialization in composition/rhetoric to teach and develop upper-

level courses in the English major. Specialty open. Expertise in multimedia authorship 
desirable. Teaching assignment will also include English 101 (Writing 
Workshop), general education literature courses, and opportunities for collaborative 
work. All faculty teach a 4/4/or equivalent load. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, list of graduate courses, official transcript, 
and three current letters of recommendation. A writing sample and a 
completed Virginia state application will be required for candidates selected for 
MLA interviews. Candidates are expected to give evidence of potential for excellence 
in scholarship and in undergraduate teaching. PhD is required by the 
beginning of the contract, August 16, 2006 . Send materials to Composition/ 
Rhetoric Search, Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech, University of 
Mary Washington, 1301 College Avenue, Fredericksburg, VA 22401. Deadline 
for receipt of materials is November 4, 2005. Postmarks will not be honored. 
e-mail or telephone inquiries to tkennedy@umw.edu, (540)-654-1035. 

An hour from Washington, DC and Richmond, VA, the institution is a state-
supported, co-educational, liberal arts school, with a highly selective admissions 
policy and a strong commitment to undergraduate education. In a continuing effort 
to enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment 
opportunities, the department and the University actively encourage 
women and minorities to apply. [R] 

U of Mary Washington 

English, Linguistics, & Speech, 1301 College Av Fredericksburg VA 22401 

Assistant Professor of English(Tenure Track) 336 

http://www.umw.edu 
PhD specializing in Renaissance drama with an emphasis in Shakespeare studies. 
Opportunities to develop upper-level courses in areas of specialization. Teaching 

responsibilities include general education literature courses, surveys, and composition. 
All faculty teach a 4/4 or equivalent load. 
Send letter of application, curriculum vitae, list of graduate courses, official 

transcript, and three current letters of recommendation. A writing sample and a 
completed Virginia state application will be required for candidates selected for 
MLA interviews. Candidates are expected to give evidence of potential for 
excellence in scholarship and in undergraduate teaching. PhD is required by the 
beginning of the contract, August 16, 2006. Send materials to Shakespeare/ 
Renaissance Drama, Department of English, Linguistics, and Speech, University 
of Mary Washington, 1301 College Avenue, Fredericksburg, VA 22401. 
Deadline for receipt of materials is November 4, 2005 by 5 p.m. Postmarks will 
not be honored. e-mail or telephone inquiries to tkennedy@umw.edu, (540) 
654-1035. 

An hour from Washington, DC and Richmond, VA, the institution is a state-
supported, co-educational, liberal arts school, with a highly selective admissions 
policy and a strong commitment to undergraduate education. In a continuing effort 
to enrich its academic environment and provide equal educational and employment 
opportunities, the department and the University actively encourage 
women and minorities to apply. [R] 

U of Richmond 

English, 28 Westhampton Way Richmond VA 23173 

Assistant Professor of English 384 

http://english.richmond.edu 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position in 
nineteenth-century American literature at the assistant professor level, to begin 
in the fall of 2006. The appointee will be expected to maintain a commitment to 
excellence both in teaching and in research. Teaching will involve general-education 
courses as well as advanced courses for majors; five courses per year. The 
successful candidate will have proven teaching ability and will show promise of 
significant scholarly accomplishment. PhD in hand by August 1, 2006, required. 
To be considered for MLA interviews, applicants should submit a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, writing sample, and separate statements of (1) teaching 
philosophy and experience and (2) research interests and plans to Louis 
Tremaine, Chair, Search Committee, Dept. of English, University of Richmond, 
VA 23173. Applicants should also arrange for three letters of recommendation, 
including at least one that addresses teaching potential, to be sent directly to the 
same address. Applications must be received by November 1. The University of 
Richmond is a highly selective, well-endowed, private institution on a suburban 
campus, located in Virginia's state capital within a two-hour drive of Washington, 
D.C. The University of Richmond values diversity in its faculty, staff, and 
student body. Our academic community strongly encourages applications that 
are in keeping with this commitment. [R] 

U of Virginia 

English, PO Box 400121, 219 Bryan Hall Charlottesville VA 22904 

Assistant Professor of English 512 

http://www.engl.virginia.edu 
The English Department of the University of Virginia invites applications for an 
assistant professorship in any area of postcolonial literature and theory; the appointment 
will begin in August 2006. PhD required, as well as promise of strong 
teaching and publication. Send letter and vita to Gordon Braden, Chair, Department 
of English, 219 Bryan Hall, University of Virginia, PO Box 400121, Charlottesville, 
VA 22904-4121. Applications must be postmarked by 
21 October 2005. The University of Virginia is an Equal Opportunity/ 
Affirmative Action Employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU 

English Department, 323 Shanks Hall Blacksburg VA 24061 

Assistant or Associate Professor 701 

http://www.english.vt.edu 
Virginia Tech invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant or Associate Professor 
to support a developing PhD in rhetoric and writing. The position is dependent 
on final budget approval. Required: PhD in rhetoric or other appropriate 
discipline, potential for ongoing research, and teaching experience. Preferred research 
or teaching interests include, but are not limited to, the history and theory 

of rhetoric, the rhetoric of public policy, composition theory, and digital rhetoric. 
Teaching load 2/2. Salary competitive and commensurate with experience. 
Candidates must complete an application online at www.jobs.vt.edu, posting 

042982. Attach to the online application a letter that addresses the qualifications 
stated above and a current curriculum vitae. Candidates with queries may contact 
Carolyn Rude, Search Committee Chair, Carolyn.Rude@vt.edu. Review 
of applications will begin November 1 and continue until the position is filled; 
interviews will be held at the MLA Convention. 

Virginia Tech has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity and seeks a 
broad spectrum of candidates including women, minorities, and people with disabilities. 
Individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation in the application 
process should contact Tammy Shepherd: 540.231.8466; Fax: 
540.231.5692; TTY/PC: 800.828.1120. 

The Department of English offers a BA and MA in English and an MFA in Cre


ative Writing. A proposal for a PhD in Rhetoric and Writing is being reviewed. 
Virginia Tech is a Carnegie classified research-extensive university; it enrolls approximately 
21,500 undergraduate and 5,000 graduate students. The main campus 
is located in Blacksburg, a college town of 40,000 nestled in the Blue Ridge 
Mountains. [R] 

Virginia Polytechnic Inst & SU 

English Department, 323 Shanks Hall Blacksburg VA 24061 

Assistant Professor 687 

http://www.english.vt.edu 
The English Department at Virginia Tech seeks applicants for a tenure track Assistant 
Professor in American literature and culture, with a secondary interest in 


Ethnic American Literatures and cultures. This position is dependent upon final 
budget approval. 
Required: Applicants must have a solid background in American Literature, 


show evidence of successful teaching, and demonstrate the promise of significant 
scholarly research. Completion of the Ph.D. in English is required before the 
date of the appointment. Preferred: A secondary interest in one or more American 
ethnic literatures (e.g. Latino/a, Asian, Caribbean). Responsibilities include 
teaching undergraduate and graduate level courses, establishing a solid research 
program, and serving on departmental, college, and university committees. 
Successful applicants will also show a commitment to advising and mentoring 
students. 


Application Procedure: Candidates must complete an application on-line at 
www.jobs.vt.edu, posting 042980. Attach to the on-line application a letter of 
interest that addresses the responsibilities and qualifications stated above and a 
current curriculum vitae. In addition, candidates should have their letters of recommendation 
forwarded to Dr. Virginia Fowler, Search Committee Chair, Department 
of English, Shanks Hall, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA 24061-0112. 
Review of applications will begin November 1 and continue until the position is 
filled; interviews will likely be held at the MLA Convention in Washington, DC. 
Salary will be competitive and commensurate with experience. Teaching load 
will be two courses each semester. 


Virginia Tech has a strong commitment to the principle of diversity, and, in that 
spirit, seeks a broad spectrum of candidates including women, minorities, and 
people with disabilities. Individuals with disabilities who desire accommodation 
in the application process should contact Ms. Tammy Shepherd, (540) 231-8466 
or tammys@vt.edu. [R] 


WASHINGTON 
Eastern Washington U 

English, 250 Patterson Hall Cheney WA 99004 

Assistant Professor of Creative Writing/English 148 

Eastern Washington University invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant 
Professor of Creative Writing/English, beginning Fall 2006 and specializing in 
fiction, poetry, or nonfiction. We seek an author who is identified nationally, 
preferably in the area of American Indian Literature or the literature of another 
historically underrepresented group. Required: MFA or equivalent, relevant 
teaching experience, and publication of at least one book by a nationally recognized 
press. Teach graduate and undergraduate courses (workshops, form & theory, 
literature) and advise MFA thesis projects. Engage in professional activity and 
university/community service. 

Begun in 1978, Eastern's MFA in Creative Writing Program is a University 
Center of Excellence and maintains an enrollment of approximately 70 students. 
We seek applicants who show strong promise for publishing further work of distinction, 
have a demonstrated commitment to teaching, and can participate effectively 
in program development. Since the successful candidate may work with 
Willow Springs magazine, Writers in the Community, and the EWU Press, and 
may be asked in the future to serve on a rotating basis as faculty director of the 
program, editorial and/or administrative experience are desirable. 

Send letter of application, CV, statement of teaching philosophy, sample of published 
work (not more than 30 pages), and 3 letters of recommendation to 
Jonathan Johnson, Director, Inland Northwest Center for Writers, Eastern 
Washington University, Spokane Higher Education Center, 705 W. First Ave., 
Spokane, WA 99201-3909. Review of applications will begin as soon as applicant 
pool is certified and will continue until position is filled. EWU is an equal 
opportunity, affirmative action employer, and applications from members of historically 
underrepresented groups are especially encouraged. The successful 
candidate will be required to show proof of eligibility to work in the US pursuant 
to US immigration laws. [R] 

Gonzaga U 

English, 502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258 

Assistant Professor of English/Director of Composition 548 

http://www.gonzaga.edu 
Tenure-track position to begin Fall 2006. Qualifications: PhD in Composition 
and Rhetoric or literature, with PhD in Composition/Rhetoric preferred. Evidence 
of course work and experience in Composition/Rhetoric. Demonstrated 
administrative and leadership skills necessary for directing a composition program 
and responding creatively to changes in the field. Ability to supervise university-
wide writing lab and to teach courses in advanced composition, composition 
theory and pedagogy. Strong interest and solid training in teaching lower division 
literature and writing courses. Evidence of superior teaching essential. 3/2 teaching 
load with administrative duties. Candidates should include a description of 
teaching and administrative leadership philosophies, experience, professional values 
and how they are specifically suited for Gonzaga University. Gonzaga University 
is a Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic institution interested in candidates who 
will contribute to our distinctive mission. Please send personal statement, vitae, 
transcripts and three recent recommendation letters to Dr. Beth Cooley, Chair, 
Department of English, Gonzaga University, 502 E. Boone Ave., Spokane, WA 
99258. Interivews will be held at the December MLA conference. Application 
deadline: 15 November, 2005. GU is an AA/EEO employer committed to 
diversity. [R] 

Gonzaga U 

English, 502 E Boone Av Spokane WA 99258 

Assistant Professor of English 550 

http://www.gonzaga.edu 
Tenure-track position to begin Fall 2006. Qualifications: PhD in Nineteenth-
Century American Literature with emphasis on literature from 1850–1914. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Broad generalist training in the literary tradition with ability to teach upper division 
courses in American Literature and lower division courses in literature and 
writing. Evidence of superior teaching essential. 3/3 teaching load. Gonzaga 
University is a Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic institution interested in candidates 
who will contribute to our distinctive mission. In their personal statements candidates 
must describe their teaching philosophy, experience, professional values 
and how they are suited to Gonzaga. Please send personal statement, vitae, transcripts 
and three recent recommendation letters to Dr. Beth Cooley, Chair, Department 
of English, Gonzaga University, 502 E. Boone Ave., Spokane, WA 
99258. Interviews will be held at the December MLA conference. Application 
deadline: 15 November, 2005. GU is an AA/EEO employer committed to 
diversity. [R] 

Seattle U 

English, 901 12th Avenue, P.O. Box 222000 Seattle WA 98122 

Assistant Professor of English 53 

http://www.seattleu.edu 
The English Department seeks to hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Medieval 
Literature with a primary specialty in Old or Middle English (other than 
or in addition to Chaucer) and a secondary specialty in Early Modern Literature. 
Candidates must have received the Ph.D. by Fall 2006. The new assistant professor 
will be asked to develop upper-division courses in Medieval Literature and 
surveys in Medieval to 18th century English Literature, as well as freshman seminar 
and introductory literature courses for the non-major. The ideal candidate 

will have strong academic preparation; a commitment to excellence in teaching 
at all undergraduate levels; and a developing record of publications. 
Applications must be postmarked by November 15. Credentials will be reviewed 

beginning October 15. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. Send letter of application, 
c.v., transcript, and three letters of recommendation addressing scholarship 
and teaching strategies to: Edwin Weihe, Chair, Department of English, 
Seattle University, 901 12th Avenue, P.O. Box 222000, Seattle, WA 98122-1090. 

Seattle University, founded in 1891, continues a four hundred and fifty year tradition 
of Jesuit Catholic higher education. The University's Jesuit Catholic ideals 
underscore its commitment to the centrality of teaching, learning and scholarship, 
of values-based education grounded in the Jesuit and Catholic traditions, of 
service and social justice, of lifelong learning, and of education the whole person. 
Located in the heart of dynamic Seattle, the University enrolls approximately 
6,000 undergraduate and graduate students in eight colleges and schools. 
Students enjoy a university ethos characterized by small classes, individualized 
faculty attention, a strong sense of community, a commitment to diversity, and 
an outstanding faculty. 

Seattle University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 

Seattle U 

English, 901 12th Avenue, P.O. Box 222000 Seattle WA 98122 

Assistant Professor of English 54 

http://www.seattleu.edu 
The English Department seeks to hire a tenure-track Assistant Professor of English 
in American Literature. Candidates must have received the Ph.D. by Fall 
2006. A new assistant professor will be asked to develop upper-division courses 
in American Literature and an American Literature survey, as well as freshman 
seminar and introductory literature courses for the non-major. The ideal candi


date will have strong academic preparation; a commitment to excellence in 
teaching at all undergraduate levels; and a developing record of publications. 
Applications must be postmarked by November 15. Credentials will be reviewed 

beginning October 15. Interviews will be conducted at MLA. Send letter of application, 
c.v., transcript, and three letters of recommendation addressing scholarship 
and teaching strategies to: Edwin Weihe, Chair, Department of English, 
Seattle University, 901 12th Avenue, P.O. Box 222000, Seattle, WA 98122-1090. 

Seattle University, founded in 1891, continues a four hundred and fifty year tradition 
of Jesuit Catholic higher education. The University's Jesuit Catholic ideals 
underscore its commitment to the centrality of teaching, learning and scholarship, 
of values-based education grounded in the Jesuit and Catholic traditions, of 
service and social justice, of lifelong learning, and of education the whole per


son. Located in the heart of dynamic Seattle, the University enrolls approximately 
6,000 undergraduate and graduate students in eight colleges and schools. 
Students enjoy a university ethos characterized by small classes, individualized 
faculty attention, a strong sense of community, a commitment to diversity, and 
an outstanding faculty. 

Seattle University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of Puget Sound 

English, 1500 N Warner, CMB 1045 Tacoma WA 98416 

Assistant Professor of American Literature 486 

http://www.ups.edu/english/home.shtml 
Full-time, tenure-line position; begins Fall Term 2006. Teach introductory and 
advanced courses in American literature, including seminars in nineteenth-
century American literature, courses on major authors, surveys of American literature, 
and courses either in Native American literature or Gay and Lesbian 
literature. Will regularly teach first-year seminars in writing and rhetoric. Standard 
teaching assignment is three courses per semester. Other duties include con


tinuation of professional development, advising students, and participation in 
departmental and University governance. 
Ph.D. in English (preferably completed before Fall 2006), with expertise in 

American literature from the nineteenth century, and a commitment to undergraduate 
teaching and liberal arts education. ABD considered. Teaching and research 
interests in Native American literature and/or Gay and Lesbian literature 
are highly desirable, as is flexibility across historical periods. 

Interested individuals are encouraged to submit application materials postmarked 
no later than November 7, 2005 to ensure consideration. To apply, submit interest 
letter, resume or curriculum vitae, and three reference letters to: American 
Literature Search-672, University of Puget Sound, 1500 N Warner #1007, 
Tacoma, WA 98416-1007. The University of Puget Sound is an equal opportunity, 
affirmative action educator/employer. [R] 

U of Washington 

Dept of Technical Communication, College of Engineering, 14 Loew Hall, 
Box 352195 Seattle WA 98195 

Technical Communication-Assistant Professor 163 

http://www.uwtc.washington.edu/ 
We are looking for a tenure-track assistant professor, to begin in Autumn 2006, 
specializing in rhetorical theory and practice. We seek expertise in both traditional 
rhetoric and rhetoric in the context of digital media. Although the Department 
is seeking individuals at the assistant professor rank, an appointment 

may be made at the rank of associate or full professor. All University of Washington 
faculty engage in teaching, research, and service. 
The standard Departmental teaching load is four courses per year on the quarter 

system plus the supervision of master's theses and doctoral dissertations. The successful 
candidate's teaching assignments will include a graduate course in rhetoric 
and a directed research group (see http://www.uwtc.washington.edu/ 
research/current_projects). There are also opportunities for new courses as well 
as other educational innovations. 

The position requires a Ph.D. in a relevant discipline, evidence of highly effective 
teaching, a promising research program (preferably with completed publications), 
hands-on skill with computers and digital media, a broad understanding of technical 
communication as a profession, and a willingness to pursue funded research 
opportunities. 

The Department is one of the nation's largest and most distinguished programs 
in technical communication. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
The Seattle area offers many exciting opportunities for working with 
local business and industry, as well as non-profit organizations. The University 
also encourages and supports cross-campus research collaboration. 

Send (1) a detailed resume, (2) a personal statement on research and teaching 
goals, and (3) a list of names of references (minimum three) with their contact 
information to: Prof. Mary B. Coney, Chair, Search Committee, Department of 
Technical Communication, College of Engineering, University of Washington, 
14 Loew Hall, Box 352195, Seattle, WA 98195-2195 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


For best consideration, application materials should be received by November 
18, 2005. 

Inquiries: Mary B. Coney: mconey@u.washington.edu or (206) 323-4200. 
The University of Washington is a recipient of a National Science Foundation 
ADVANCE Institutional Transformation award to increase the participation of 
women in academic science and engineering careers. The University is building 
a culturally diverse faculty and strongly encourages applications from women and 
minority candidates. The University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action 
Employer. [R] 

U of Washington 

English, PO Box 354330 Seattle WA 98195 

Assistant Professor 149 

http://depts.washington.edu/engl/ 
The University of Washington is seeking to fill a tenure-track appointment in 
the field of African American Literature and Culture to begin September 2006. 
Applicants should have the Ph.D. degree by the start of appointment. Candidates 
in the final stages of their Ph.D. program may be appointed on an acting basis. 
The successful candidate will be expected to participate in undergraduate and 
graduate teaching and independent research. Candidates may come from any 
area within the field, including African American and/or African diaspora, migration, 
Caribbean and transatlantic literature and culture. Foci might include 
critical race theory, gender studies, gender and sexuality, and the department is 
open to scholarship across literature, music, and visual culture. Applications, including 
curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching interests, and the 

names of three references, should be sent to Richard J. Dunn, Chair, University 
of Washington, Department of 
English, Box 354330, Seattle WA 98195. Priority will be given to applications 

received before November 10. The University of Washington is an affirmative 
action, equal opportunity employer. The University is dedicated to the goal of 
building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching 
and working in a multicultural environment and strongly encourages applications 
from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and covered 
veterans. [R] 

Washington SU 

English, PO Box 645020 Pullman WA 99164 

Assistant Professor of English, British and Anglophone Literatures 733 

http://www.hrs.wsu.edu/employment/FAPvacancies.asp 
Assistant Professor of English, tenure track, specializing in British and Anglophone 
literatures, 1830–1920, with broad interests in global, transnational contexts 
required. Preferred secondary areas include eighteenth-century British 
literature or colonial and postcolonial literature and theory. Demonstrated college 
teaching experience preferred. Duties include teaching undergraduate and 
graduate courses in British and Anglophone literatures, humanities, and writing. 
Salary is competitive. Ph.D. in English required by July 1, 2006. Send a letter of 
application, cv, dossier or three letters of recommendation, and writing sample 
(maximum 20 pages) to Chair, British Literature Search Committee, Department 
of English, Box 645020, Washington State University, Pullman, WA 
99164-5020. To ensure consideration, applications should be received by 15 November 
2005. WSU is an EEO/AA employer. Members of protected groups are 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

Western Washington U 

English, 516 High Street Bellingham WA 98225 

Assistant Professor, U.S. Latina/o Literatures 299 

http://www.wwu.edu/depts/english 
Tenure-track assistant professor in U.S. Latina/o literatures beginning 
September 2006; Ph.D. required by August 2006. The successful candidate will 
be expected to teach U.S. Latina/o literatures and cultures and to participate fully 
in all aspects of both the undergraduate and graduate programs. Also required of 
applicants are a demonstrated commitment to excellence in undergraduate 

teaching and a potential for strong scholarship. Familiarity with and sensitivity to 
cultural diversity concerns is desired. Send letter of application, CV, graduate 
transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to U.S. Latina/o Literatures 
Search Committee (05ENG-01), Department of English, WWU, 516 High 
Street, Bellingham, WA 98225-9055. Interviews at MLA. Application Priority 
Review: 11/7/05. View full position announcement at www.acadweb.wwu 
.edu/hr/Jobs/faculty.asp. AA/EOE 

Whitman C 

English, 345 Boyer St Walla Walla WA 99362 

Assistant Professor of English 

http://www.whitman.edu 
English (American Literature 1865 to 1914 and American Ethnic Literature 19th 
C to present): Assistant Professor, tenure-track, beginning August 2006. Three 
courses/semester, including "American Literature 1865 to 1914," offerings in 
American ethnic literature 19th C to present, and introductory and advanced literature 
courses. Willingness to teach composition and General Studies 145/46 
(the college's first-year core course in Antiquity and Modernity). Ph.D. required. 
Send an application letter discussing your teaching experience and research 
agenda, vita, and dossier to Professor Roberta Davidson, Chair of the American/ 
Ethnic Literature Search Committee, Department of English, Olin Hall, 345 
Boyer Avenue, Whitman College, Walla Walla, WA 99362. Have three confidential 
letters of recommendation sent directly from the referee or enclosed in 
dossier. If your dossier does not include a record of courses taken, send transcripts. 
Deadline: Postmarked by Monday, October 31, 2005. Applications will 
be acknowledged. For further information about Whitman, an excellent small 
liberal arts college with selective admissions, commitment to undergraduate education, 
and support for and expectations of continuing faculty development and 
scholarship, see: http://www.whitman.edu. Candidates must be lawfully employable 
in this country as a result of citizenship, visa, or resident alien status. 
Applicants who would enrich the diversity of the campus community are 
strongly encouraged to apply and to address how they can contribute to that 
diversity. [R] 

WEST VIRGINIA 
West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant Professor 151 

http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ 
Assistant professor, tenure-track, beginning August 16, 2006. American studies; 
supporting specialization in popular culture, film studies, and/or science fiction. 
Requirements: Ph.D. in English or American Studies; demonstrated achievement 
in research; evidence of effective teaching. Please send letter of application, 
c.v., and three letters of recommendation to: Timothy Dow Adams, American 
Studies Search Committee, Department of English, P.O. Box 6296, West Vir


ginia University, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. Applications will be considered 
until the position is filled; initial review begins November 5, 2005. 
For more information, please visit our web site: http://www.as.wvu.edu/ 


english/WVU is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and complies 
with all Federal and West Virginia State laws, regulations, and executive orders 
regarding affirmative action requirements in all programs. The University and 
department have a strong commitment to achieving diversity among faculty, 
staff, and students. We strongly encourage applications from persons of color, 
women, and other members of under-represented groups. [R] 


West Virginia U 

English, PO Box 6296 Morgantown WV 26506 

Assistant or Associate Professors of English 164 

http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ 
The Department of English invites applications for three positions in rhetoric 
and composition to begin August, 2006. We have established writing programs 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


at both the undergraduate and graduate levels and we now seek scholars and 
teachers eager to help us develop those programs to a level of national 
prominence. 

Candidates with a Ph.D. by August, 2006, are preferred. All candidates must 
show evidence of a significant research agenda in rhetoric and composition; must 
demonstrate excellence in teaching rhetoric and composition; must be committed 
to working with undergraduates as well as graduate students; and must be 
willing to participate in writing program administration. We especially welcome 
expertise in one or more of the following areas: writing across the curriculum; 
professional and technical writing; first-year composition; grant-writing; writing 
program administration. 

While the jobs are defined as tenure-track appointments at the rank of assistant 
or associate professor, we will consider other innovative appointments if that is 
what best suits the interests and qualifications of a candidate. 

We will begin reviewing applications October 19, 2005, and will accept applications 
until the position is filled. We will acknowledge all applications and plan to 
conduct preliminary phone interviews in November followed by another round 
of interviews at the 2005 MLA Convention in Washington, D.C. West Virginia 
University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Women and 
minorities are especially encouraged to apply. 

Applicants should send a letter of application, c.v., and dossier with at least three 
letters of reference. Additional materials may be requested later. 

Nominations of outstanding potential candidates are also welcome. 
ADDRESS: Professor Laura Brady, Department of English, PO Box 6296, West 
Virginia University, Morgantown, WV 26506-6296. e-mail applications are also 
welcome: Laura.Brady@mail.wvu.edu For more information, please visit our 
website: http://www.as.wvu.edu/english/ [R] 

WISCONSIN 
Edgewood C 

English, 855 Woodrow St Madison WI 53711 

Assistant Professor of English 1007 

http://www.edgewood.edu 
Edgewood College's English Department seeks a generalist with strengths in 
17th or 18th century British Literature (non-Shakespearean specialty) to teach 
freshman composition and introductory literature courses, as well as courses in 
specialty areas. This is a tenure track position that begins Fall 2006. Edgewood 
College is a small, Catholic liberal arts college in Madison, Wisconsin. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in hand or dissertation near completion. Application is due by November 
15, 2005. Interviews will be held at MLA conference in December. 
Please do not send dossiers at this time. Send only letter of application and vita 
addressed to Prof. James Hunter, Chair, English Department, and mail to: 
Human Resources-ENG, Edgewood College, 1000 Edgewood College Drive, 
Madison, WI 53711. [R] 

Lawrence U 

English, PO Box 599 Appleton WI 54912 

Assistant or Associate Professor of English 461 

http://www.lawrence.edu 
Open rank tenure-track opening in fiction writing to begin in the fall of 2006. 
Applications welcomed from candidates at beginning assistant professor level, although 
candidates currently at higher levels may be offered advanced rank and 
the chance to stand for tenure early. MFA and/or Ph.D. required. Preference will 
be given to candidates with at least one book published or under contract with a 
nationally-recognized press. Teaching load of six courses per year (2–2-2) includes 
fiction workshops and courses in literature, as well as regular contributions 
to the freshman program. Possible areas of secondary interest might include film, 
twentieth-century drama, contemporary US literature, or postcolonial literature. 
Salary and benefits competitive. We will interview at MLA. Please send letter, 
CV, twenty-page fiction sample, and dossier by November 15 to Timothy Spur-
gin, Chair, English Department, Lawrence University, P.O. Box 599, Appleton, 

WI 54912-0599. Lawrence, a private, nationally ranked liberal-arts college of 
about 1400 students and 120 faculty, promotes equal opportunity for all. 

Saint Norbert C 

English, 100 Grant St De Pere WI 54115 

Director of Writing-Across-the-Curriculum (WAC) and Assistant Professor of 
English 939 

http://www.snc.edu 
For Fall 2006. The successful tenure-track candidate will direct an integrated 
WAC program (conduct workshops for WAC instructors and oversee peer-tutor 
Writing Center) and teach two courses per semester (composition and literature 
courses, and, dependent on candidate's areas of expertise and discipline needs, a 
variety of upper-level English and General Education courses). Ph.D. in Rhetoric/
Composition or Literature (field open) required, as well as teaching experience 
and commitment to undergraduate teaching. Salary and benefits are 
competitive. St. Norbert is a Catholic liberal arts college that embraces people of 
all faiths and traditions. Send letter of application, CV, three letters of recommendation, 
and statement of teaching philosophy to: Howard Ebert, Chair, Division 
of Humanities and Fine Arts, St. Norbert College, 100 Grant St., De Pere, 
WI 54115-2009. Applications postmarked by November 18 will receive full 
consideration. We will acknowledge applications by email and interview at MLA 
in Washington, DC. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. St. Norbert 
is an AA/EO employer. [R] 

U of Wisconsin-River Falls 

English, 410 S 3rd St River Falls WI 54022 

Assistant Professor 931 

http://www.uwrf.edu/hr 
Tenure track. Current in the discipline of professional writing, to teach courses 
in the professional writing minor and to assist with internships, beginning August 
2006. Primary responsibilities are business writing and technical writing. 
For complete job description details and information about procedures, please 
see the University's website at www.uwrf.edu/hr after September 23. AA/ 
EEO [R] 

U of Wisconsin-La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor of English 93 

http://www.uwlax.edu 
Tenure-track opening for Creative Writing teacher. Begins August 2006. Assistant 
Professor. Competitive salary. 4/4 load. Teaching duties include introductory 
and upper-level creative writing courses, mostly-but not exclusively-in 
prose. Other teaching duties include courses in Literary Journal Production, college 
composition, and lower-level literature courses. The position includes the 


opportunity to assume responsibility for Steam Ticket, an established regional/ 
national journal of fiction and poetry. 
Required: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing, or MFA in Creative Writing and 


PhD in an area we teach (English, Comp Lit, Cultural Studies, etc.). Degree(s) in 
hand by July 2006. Commitment to undergraduate teaching; capacity to teach a 
range of courses not limited to creative writing; consistent publications indicative 
of increasing strength in the craft. Preferred: demonstrated proficiency in teaching; 
experience in publishing literary journals. The English Department at UW-
La Crosse has been very successful in developing a multi-faceted, diverse 
curriculum. We welcome applicants who can contribute to this continuing effort. 
We especially encourage members of previously excluded groups to apply. 
Letter of application, vita, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to 
Richard Sullivan, Chair, Department of English, UW-La Crosse, La Crosse, WI 
54601. All materials must be received by November 11, 2005. UW-La Crosse is 
an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 


Women, persons of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to 
apply. If you have a special need/accommodation to aid your participation in our 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


hiring process, please contact Dr. Sullivan to make appropriate arrangements. 
[R] 

U of Wisconsin-La Crosse 

English, 1725 State St La Crosse WI 54601 

Assistant Professor of English 94 

http://www.uwlax.edu 
Tenure-track opening for Creative Writing teacher. Begins August 2006. Assistant 
Professor. Competitive salary. 4/4 load. Teaching duties include introductory 
and upper-level creative writing courses, mostly-but not exclusively-in 
prose. Other teaching duties include courses in Literary Journal Production, college 
composition, and lower-level literature courses. The position includes the 


opportunity to assume responsibility for Steam Ticket, an established regional/ 
national journal of fiction and poetry. 
Required: MFA or PhD in Creative Writing, or MFA in Creative Writing and 


PhD in an area we teach (English, Comp Lit, Cultural Studies, etc.). Degree(s) in 
hand by July 2006. Commitment to undergraduate teaching; capacity to teach a 
range of courses not limited to creative writing; consistent publications indicative 
of increasing strength in the craft. Preferred: demonstrated proficiency in teaching; 
experience in publishing literary journals. The English Department at UW-
La Crosse has been very successful in developing a multi-faceted, diverse 
curriculum. We welcome applicants who can contribute to this continuing effort. 
We especially encourage members of previously excluded groups to apply. 
Letter of application, vita, transcripts, and three letters of recommendation to 
Richard Sullivan, Chair, Department of English, UW-La Crosse, La Crosse, WI 
54601. All materials must be received by November 11, 2005. UW-La Crosse is 
an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 


Women, persons of color, and individuals with a disability are encouraged to 
apply. If you have a special need/accommodation to aid your participation in our 
hiring process, please contact Dr. Sullivan to make appropriate arrangements. 
[R] 


CANADIAN INSTITUTIONS 
Carleton U 

English, 1125 Colonel By Dr Ottawa ON K1S 5B6 Canada 

Assistant Professor of English 1009 

http://carleton.ca/english 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure-track position at the 
rank of Assistant level to begin 1 July 2006, subject to budgetary approval. We 

are seeking candidates with expertise in Medieval or Postcolonial with an emphasis 
on African. 
Departmental assignments will include teaching core courses at the undergradu


ate level and both teaching and supervising in the M.A. program. In addition, we 
are planning a new Ph.D. program and we anticipate that the successful candidate 
will be involved in its delivery. (For more details on this program proposal, please 
contact the department chair.) 

Teaching experience and a strong record of research and publication are required. 
Applications will be reviewed beginning 15 November 2005. Completed applications 
should include a letter of application, a curriculum vitae, academic transcripts, 
three letters from referees, teaching evaluations, and samples of writing or 
published work. Please arrange to have these materials forwarded to: Larry 
McDonald, Acting Chair, Department of English, Carleton University, 1125 
Colonel by Drive, Ottawa, Ontario, K1S 5B6 

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. Canadian Citizens and permanent 
residents will be considered first for this position. Carleton University is 
committed to equality of employment for women, Aboriginal peoples, visible 
minorities and persons with disabilities. Persons from these groups are encouraged 
to apply. 

Concordia U 

English, Rm LB501, 1455 de Maisonneuve West Montréal QC H3G 1M8 
Canada 

Assistant Professor 871 

http://www.concordia.ca 
The Concordia University Department of English announces a tenure track position 
in Canadian Literature. Candidates should have teaching competence 
across the field, including modern and contemporary Canadian poetry. Strength 
in a secondary area outside Canadian Literature is a desirable asset. A completed 
Ph.D., or one very near completion, is necessary, and teaching experience is 
highly desirable. Publications are a definite asset, and we will look for a clear indication 
of scholarly promise. The position requires commitment to both scholarship 
and teaching. We anticipate filling the position, normally at the rank of 
Assistant Professor, for July 1, 2006, subject to budgetary approval. Applications 
should consists of a letter of intent, a curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing sample, 
and three letters of reference (sent separately). All materials should be sent, 
by November 15, to Professor Judith Herz, Department of English, Concordia 
University, 1455 deMaisonneuve Blvd., West, Montreal, Quebec H3G 1M8. Inquiries 
to engchair@alcor.concordia.ca All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
Concordia University is commited to employment equity. [R] 

Concordia U 

English, Rm LB501, 1455 de Maisonneuve West Montréal QC H3G 1M8 
Canada 

Assistant Professor 704 

http://www.concordia.ca 
The Concordia University Department of English announces a tenure track position 
in English Renaissance literature. Candidates should have competence 
across the field, including dramatic and non-dramatic literature. A completed 
Ph.D., or one very near completion, is necessary, and teaching experience is 
highly desirable. Publications are a definite asset, and we will look for a clear indication 
of scholarly promise. The position requires commitment to both scholarship 
and teaching. We anticipate filling the position, normally at the rank of 
Assistant Professor, for July 1, 2006, subject to budgetary approval. Applications 
should consist of a letter of intent, a curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing sample, 
and three letters of reference (sent separately). All materials should be sent, 
by November 15, to Professor Judith Herz, Department of English, Concordia 
University, 1455 deMaisonneuve Blvd. West, Montreal, Quebec H3G 1M8. Inquiries 
to: engchair@alcor.concordia.ca. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
Concordia University is committed to employment equity. [R] 

McGill U 

English, 853 Sherbrooke St W Montréal QC H3A Canada 

Cultural Studies and Cultural Theory 175 

http://www.arts.mcgill.ca/programs/english/english.html 
The Department of English invites applications for a tenure track position at the 
rank of Assistant Professor to begin on August 1, 2006, in the area of Cultural 
Studies and Cultural Theory, with a concentration in Studies in Canadian and/or 
International Film. Ph.D. is required. Candidate must be able to teach both film 
and core cultural studies courses. Some teaching experience and a knowledge of 
French are assets. Evidence of scholarly promise is a major consideration. Candidates 
should be prepared to offer a variety of undergraduate courses and upper 
year seminars. The teaching load is 12 credits per academic year. Information 
about the Department's programs and courses may be found on our website: 
http://www.arts.mcgill.ca/programs/english/english.html. Complete applications 
including a curriculum vitae, three letters of recommendation, and a brief 
writing sample should arrive no later than November 15th. Applicants who wish 
to receive an acknowledgement should include a stamped (Canadian postage 
please) self addressed postcard. In accordance with Canadian and Quebec Immigration 
requirements, this advertisement is directed first to Canadian citizens and 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


permanent residents. McGill University is committed to equity in employment. 
Please address applications to: Professor Paul Yachnin, Chair, Department of English, 
McGill University, 853 Sherbrooke St. W., Montreal, Quebec, Canada 
H3A 2T6. [R] 

McMaster U 

English, 1280 Main St W Hamilton, ON ON L8S4L9 Canada 

Assistant Professor 447 

http://www.humanities.mcmaster.ca/~english/ 
The Department of English and Cultural Studies at McMaster University invites 
applications for a tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor in 
the area of literatures and cultures of Africa and the African diaspora. The successful 
candidate will have a PhD and demonstrated excellence in teaching and 
research. Duties will include teaching and supervision in undergraduate and 
graduate (MA and PhD) programs in English and undergraduate and MA programs 
in Cultural Studies and Critical Theory. Start date for the appointment is 
July 1, 2006. The minimum salary for an Assistant Professor is currently CDN 
$51,357. Applications, including curriculum vitae, transcripts, a writing sample 
(25 pages maximum), and letters from three academic referees should be addressed 
to: Dr. Mary O'Connor, Chair, Department of English and Cultural 


Studies,, McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West,, Hamilton, Ontario, 
Canada, L8S 4L9. 
The due date for application is November 1, 2005. For information on the 


Department of English and Cultural Studies, see http://www.humanities 


.mcmaster.ca/~english 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and Permanent 
Residents will be given priority. McMaster University is strongly committed 
to employment equity within its community, and to recruiting a diverse 
faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified candidates, 
including women, members of visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, 
members of sexual minorities, and persons with disabilities. [R] 


Queen's U 

English, 99 University Av Kingston, ON Canada K7L 3N6 

Queen's National Scholar-Rank Open 213 

http://www.queensu.ca/english 
The Department of English at Queen's University invites applications from distinguished 
scholars, with an established publishing record and substantial teaching 
experience, who wish to be nominated for a faculty appointment under the 
Queen's National Scholar programme. Appointments under this programme are 
to enrich research and teaching in both new and established fields of knowledge, 
and will be determined through a university-wide competition. Applications are 
invited from scholars in any field, but the department is particularly interested in 
applicants with an interdisciplinary research profile and/or expertise in the following 
areas: Aboriginal studies, Canadian studies, contemporary literary and 
cultural studies, gender studies, and Victorian studies. Preference will be given to 
scholars in the early-to-mid career stage. Appointments under this programme 

will be either tenured or tenure-track, though under certain circumstances special 
shorter-term appointments may be made. 
Queen's University, located in the Thousand Islands region in proximity to 

Toronto, Montreal, and Ottawa, is a research-intensive institution with strong 
graduate programmes and among the highest undergraduate admissions standards 
in Canada. (Further information on the Department can be found at http:// 
www.queensu.ca/english.) The academic staff at Queen's University are governed 
by a Collective Agreement between the Queen's University Faculty Association 
(QUFA) and the University, the details of which are posted at http:// 
www.queensu.ca/qufa. 

The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Queen's is 
committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes 
applications from women, visible minorities, aboriginal people, persons with disabilities, 
and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity. All qualified 
candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and Permanent 
Residents will be given priority. A full application for this appointment at 
Queen's should include a curriculum vitae, three letters of reference (or a dossier 

from a university placement officer), a brief statement of current and prospective 
research interests, and a statement regarding teaching experience. Application 
materials and letters of reference should be sent to Dr. Sylvia Sderlind, Acting 
Head, Department of English, Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, K7L 
3N6. Applications must be received by October 14, 2005. [R] 

Queen's U 

English, 99 University Av Kingston, ON Canada K7L 3N6 

Assistant Professor of English 214 

http://www.queensu.ca/english 
The Department of English at Queen's University invites applications for a renewable 
(tenure-track) appointment at the assistant professor level from July 1, 
2006, in Renaissance non-dramatic literature. Queen's University, located in the 
Thousand Islands region in proximity to Toronto, Montreal, and Ottawa, is a research-
intensive institution with strong graduate programmes and among the 
highest undergraduate admissions standards in Canada. (Further information on 
the Department can be found at http://www.queensu.ca/english.) The academic 
staff at Queen's University are governed by a Collective Agreement be


tween the Queen's University Faculty Association (QUFA) and the University, 
the details of which are posted at http://www.queensu.ca/qufa. 
Qualifications for this position include completed Ph.D. and evidence of excel


lence in research and teaching. Responsibilities include both undergraduate and 
graduate teaching and supervision. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications 
and experience. The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. 
Queen's is committed to employment equity and diversity in the 
workplace and welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, aboriginal 
people, persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender 
identity. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and Permanent Residents will be given priority. Applicants should send a 
curriculum vitae and should arrange for three letters of reference (or a dossier 
from a university placement officer) to be sent to Professor Sylvia Sderlind, Acting 
Head, Department of English, Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, K7L 
3N6. Applications must be received by November 11, 2005. [R] 


Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby, BC Canada V5A 1S6 

Assistant Professor, Tudor Literature 21 

http://www.sfu.ca/english 
SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY-The Department of English offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department has 
32 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 graduate 
students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research record and a 
high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have a 2/2 teaching load. 
We invite applications for a tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, effective September 1, 2006, in the field of Tudor literature. Candidates 
must hold a PhD or be near completion. Preference will be given to candidates 
with demonstrated strengths in teaching and research. Applicants should 
submit a detailed letter of application, a curriculum vitae, transcripts of academic 
record, a sample of their scholarly writing, and ask three referees to send letters 


to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department of English, Simon Fraser University, 
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6. 
Applications must be received by October 31, 2005. All qualified candidates are 


encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will 
be given priority. Simon Fraser University is committed to employment equity 
and encourages applications from all qualified women and men, including visible 
minorities, aboriginal people and persons with disabilities. These positions are 
subject to budgetary approval. [R] 


MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby, BC Canada V5A 1S6 

Assistant Professor, Writing and Rhetoric 26 

http://www.sfu.ca/english 
SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY-The Department of English offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department has 
32 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 graduate 
students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research record and a 
high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have a 2/2 teaching load. 
We invite applications for a tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant 
Professor, effective September 1, 2006, in the field of Writing and Rhetoric 
(with strength in both). Candidates must hold a PhD or be near completion. 
Preference will be given to candidates with demonstrated strengths in teaching 
and research. Applicants should submit a detailed letter of application, a curriculum 
vitae, transcripts of academic record, a sample of their scholarly writing, and 
ask three referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom Grieve, Chair, Department of English, 
Simon Fraser University, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6. 
Applications must be received by October 31, 2005. All qualified candidates are 
encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will 
be given priority. Simon Fraser University is committed to employment equity 
and encourages applications from all qualified women and men, including visible 
minorities, aboriginal people and persons with disabilities. These positions are 
subject to budgetary approval. [R] 

Simon Fraser U 

English, 8888 University Dr Burnaby, BC Canada V5A 1S6 

Associate or advanced Assistant Professor in British Literature, 1840–1910 27 

http://www.sfu.ca/english 
SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY-The Department of English offers a comprehensive 
program of undergraduate and graduate studies. The Department has 
32 full-time faculty members, over 500 undergraduate majors, and 60 graduate 
students in its MA and PhD programs. We have a strong research record and a 
high reputation for our teaching. Tenure-track faculty have a 2/2 teaching load. 
We invite applications for a tenured or tenure-track appointment at the rank of 
Associate Professor or advanced Assistant Professor, effective September 1, 2006 
in the field of British literature, 1840–1910, with a focus on the novel preferred 
(research strength in one or more of the following would be an asset: print, 
media and visual culture; transatlantic studies; imperialism and colonialism; urban 
studies; gender studies). Candidates for this position must hold a PhD and have 
an outstanding research and teaching record. Applicants should submit a detailed 
letter of application, a curriculum vitae, transcripts of academic record, a sample 
of their scholarly writing, and ask three referees to send letters to: Dr. Tom 
Grieve, Chair, Department of English, Simon Fraser University, 8888 University 
Drive, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6. Applications must be received by October 31, 
2005. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens 
and permanent residents will be given priority. Simon Fraser University is 
committed to employment equity and encourages applications from all qualified 
women and men, including visible minorities, aboriginal people and persons 
with disabilities. These positions are subject to budgetary approval. [R] 

U of Alberta 

English & Film Studies, 3–5 Humanities Centre Edmonton, AB Canada 
T6G 2E5 

Assistant Professor of Shakespeare Studies 108 

http://www.humanities.ualberta.ca/english/ 
The Department of English and Film Studies at the University of Alberta invites 
applications for a tenure track appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor in 
the area of Shakespeare Studies. Secondary areas of interest might include theatre 
history, early modern poetry and poetics, cultural studies, humanities computing, 
postcolonial studies, gender and sexuality, the history of the book, or the history 
of the English language. Applicants should have a PhD, or be close to finishing it 
at the time of appointment, as well as relevant teaching experience and publica


tions. They should be prepared to teach broadly-based introductory courses in 
English literature as well as more specialized senior courses, and to supervise student 
work at both undergraduate and graduate levels. The appointment will 
commence 1 July 2006. Candidates should send the Chair a letter of application, 
a complete curriculum vitae (with full contact information, including phone 
numbers and e-mail address), a writing sample (20-page maximum), the names 
of three referees, and, if available, a teaching dossier and evaluations of teaching 
performance. Candidates are responsible for ensuring that official copies of undergraduate 
and graduate transcripts, and letters of reference from the three 
named referees, are sent directly to the Department. The closing date for applications 
is 31 October 2005. All application materials should be sent directly to: 
Garrett PJ Epp, Chair, Department of English and Film Studies, Humanities 
Centre 3–5, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB T6G 2E5 Canada. For further 
information about the position, or the Department, please contact the Chair 
by email at garrett.epp@ualberta.ca. All qualified candidates are encouraged to 
apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The 
University of Alberta hires on the basis of merit. We are committed to the principle 
of equity in employment. We welcome diversity and encourage applications 
from all qualified women and men, including persons with disabilities, 
members of visible minorities, and Aboriginal persons. [R] 

U of Alberta 

English & Film Studies, 3–5 Humanities Centre Edmonton, AB Canada 
T6G 2E5 

Film Studies 109 

http://www.humanities.ualberta.ca/english/ 
The Department of English and Film Studies at the University of Alberta invites 
applications for a tenure track appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor in 
the area of Film Studies, with a specialization in historical and/or industrial aspects 
of film. Specific focuses for research and teaching might include early cinema, 
economics of film production, Hollywood studio-era or post-studio-era 
filmmaking, any major non-Hollywood film industry, discourses of film advertising 
and marketing, film reception, or the relation of technical developments or 
industrial practices to on-screen texts. Applicants should have a PhD, or be close 
to finishing it at the time of appointment, as well as relevant teaching experience 
and publications. They should be prepared to teach broadly-based introductory 
courses in Film Studies as well as more specialized senior courses, and to supervise 
student work at both undergraduate and graduate levels. The appointment 
will commence 1 July 2006. Candidates should send the Chair a letter of application, 
a complete curriculum vitae (with full contact information, including 
phone numbers and e-mail address), a writing sample (20-page maximum), the 
names of three referees, and, if available, a teaching dossier and evaluations of 
teaching performance. Candidates are responsible for ensuring that official copies 
of undergraduate and graduate transcripts, and letters of reference from the three 
named referees, are sent directly to the Department. The closing date for applications 
is 31 October 2005. All application materials should be sent directly to: 
Garrett PJ Epp, Chair, Department of English and Film Studies, Humanities 
Centre 3–5, University of Alberta, Edmonton AB T6G 2E5 Canada . For further 
information about the position, or the Department, please contact the Chair 
by email at garrett.epp@ualberta.ca. All qualified candidates are encouraged to 
apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The 
University of Alberta hires on the basis of merit. We are committed to the principle 
of equity in employment. We welcome diversity and encourage applications 
from all qualified women and men, including persons with disabilities, 
members of visible minorities, and Aboriginal persons. [R] 

U of British Columbia 

English, 1873 E Mall Vancouver, BC Canada V6T 1Z1 

Assistant Professor 262 

http://www.english.ubc.ca/ 
The Department of English at the University of British Columbia hopes to fill 
four Assistant Professor positions in any of the following areas: Early Modern 
Literature with an emphasis on Shakespeare, Victorian literature, Children's literature, 
Canadian literature, North-American Asian literature, and First Nations 
literature. Candidates with expertise in more than one of the above areas are es-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


pecially strongly encouraged to apply. Applicants must have a PhD, publications 
and strong evidence of active and excellent research, and some experience teaching 
at the post-secondary level. 

Positions are subject to funding. Applicants should submit a letter of application, 
an example of their published research and a current CV containing full contact 
information. Applicants should arrange for three confidential letters of reference 
to be forwarded to Dr. Gernot Wieland, Head, Department of English, University 
of British Columbia, 397-1873 East Mall, Vancouver, BC, V6T 1Z1, 
Canada. Complete applications and reference letters must be received by 28 October 
2005. Position start date: 1 July 2006. 

The University of British Columbia hires on the basis of merit and is committed 
to employment equity. We encourage all qualified persons to apply; however, 
Canadians and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. Applicants 
may elect to identify citizenship and immigration status. [R] 

U of British Columbia 

First Nations Studies Program, 1866 Main Mall Buchanan C352 Vancouver 
BC V5T Canada 

Tenure Track Position Indigenous Studies/First Nations Studies 225 

http://fnsp.arts.ubc.ca 
The University of British Columbia invites applications for a tenure-track position 
in the First Nations Studies Program. This search is aimed primarily at the 
Assistant Professor level, but applicants at a more advanced level may be considered 
pending funding. Applicants should have a Ph.D. in Indigenous studies or a 
related discipline at the time of appointment, and have a record of or clear potential 
for excellent research, teaching, and publication, as well as a documented 
ability to work with Aboriginal students and communities. This position involves 
teaching in the core curriculum of the program, including FNSP 200, Introduction 
to First Nations Studies, the opportunity to develop additional 
curriculum in the area of specialization, the mentoring of Aboriginal students, liaison 
with Aboriginal communities and organizations, and participation in program 
development and other program functions. The program offers a BA with 

a Major or a Minor in First Nations Studies. For more information about the 
program, please see our web site at http://fnsp.arts.ubc.ca. 
This appointment is effective 1 July 2006 and is subject to final budgetary ap


proval. Closing date for applications is 15 November 2005. Salary will be commensurate 
with qualifications and experience. Departmental home is dependant 
on the area of disciplinary specialization. UBC hires on the basis of merit and is 
committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified persons, and especially 
those of Indigenous origin, to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents of Canada will be given priority. 

Please apply with letter of application, curriculum vitae, three letters of reference 
with current contact information, one article-length writing sample, and teaching 
evaluations if available, to Linc Kesler, Director, UBC First Nations Studies 
Program, 1866 Main Mall, Buchanan C352, Vancouver BC Canada V6T 1Z1, 
linc.kesler@ubc.ca 

Please contact us if you have questions. 

U of Toronto 

English, 7 King's College Cir Toronto, ON Canada M5S 3K1 

Associate or Full Professor of English, Victorian Literature 64 

http://www.utoronto.ca/english 
Applications are invited for an Associate or Full Professor position, Department 
of English, University of Toronto, St. George campus. Qualifications: Ph.D. in 
English with specialization in Victorian Literature. Applications are welcomed 
from candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research in that 
area. The University of Toronto is a three-campus university with a unitary graduate 
department on the St. George campus. Duties consist of research and undergraduate 
and graduate teaching on the St. George campus. Applicants must 

have established records of excellence in research and teaching. Salary commensurate 
with experience and qualifications. 
Send applications and c.v. to Professor Brian Corman, Chair, Department of En


glish, 7 King's College Circle, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3K1. 

Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to 
the Department as soon as possible. Include ONE writing-sample of not more 
than 25 pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2006. The deadline for applications 
is 11 October 2005. Applications may not be accepted after the deadline. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. The University also offers opportunities 
to work in a range of collaborative programs, including Book History 
and Print Culture, Aboriginal, Canadian, environmental, ethno-cultural, sexual 
diversity, gender and women's studies. The University of Toronto is strongly 
committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons 
with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups and others who may contribute 
to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given 
priority. 

U of Toronto 

English, 7 King's College Cir Toronto, ON Canada M5S 3K1 

Assistant or Associate Professor, Aboriginal Literature 66 

http://www.utoronto.ca/english 
Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant or Associate Professor 
(recently tenured at another institution), Department of English (60%) and 
Aboriginal Studies (40%), St. George Campus, University of Toronto. Applications 
are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, and 
carry out research in the area of Aboriginal Literature. Qualification: Ph.D. in 
English with specialization in Aboriginal Literature, and interest in Canadian 
Aboriginal issues. Interest in community-based research and Aboriginal methodologies 
and experience in working with Aboriginal communities is an asset. The 
University of Toronto is a three-campus university with unitary graduate departments. 
Duties consist of research and undergraduate and graduate teaching on 

the St. George campus. Applicants must show promise of outstanding research 
and teaching potential. Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications. 
Aboriginal Studies (www.utoronto.ca/abs) is an interdisciplinary program that 

brings together faculty from across the University of Toronto and works closely 
with the student services unit First Nations House. Responsibilities involve 
teaching of undergraduate courses (specific assignments to be negotiated) and 
regular participation in program activities. The Aboriginal Studies Program is a 
partner in the new Centre for Aboriginal Initiatives to be developed at the University 
of Toronto over the next few years. 

Send applications and c.v. to Prof. Brian Corman, Chair, Department of English, 
7 King's College Circle, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3K1. Have 3 
letters of reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department 
as soon as possible. Include ONE writing-sample of not more than 25 
pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2006. The deadline for applications is 
7 November 2005. Applications will not be accepted after the deadline. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. The University also offers opportunities 
to work in a range of collaborative programs, including Book History 
and Print Culture, Aboriginal, Canadian, environmental, ethno-cultural, sexual 
diversity, gender and women's studies. The University of Toronto is strongly 
committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons 
with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups and others who may contribute 
to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given 
priority. 

U of Toronto 

English, 7 King's College Cir Toronto, ON Canada M5S 3K1 

Assistant Professor, Canadian Literature 65 

http://www.utoronto.ca/english 
Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant Professor, Department 
of English, University of Toronto, St. George campus. Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in English with specialization in Canadian Literature. Applications are wel-

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


comed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, and carry out research 
in that area. The University of Toronto is a three-campus university with a 
unitary graduate department on the St. George campus. Duties consist of research 
and undergraduate and graduate teaching on the St. George campus. Applicants 
must show promise of outstanding research and teaching potential. Salary 
commensurate with experience and qualifications. 

Send applications and c.v. to Professor Brian Corman, Chair, Department of English, 
7 King's College Circle, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3K1. 
Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) and graduate transcripts sent directly to 
the Department as soon as possible. Include ONE writing-sample of not more 
than 25 pages. Appointment commences 1 July 2006. The deadline for applications 
is 7 November 2005. Applications will not be accepted after the deadline. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and 
live in one of the most diverse cities in the world. The University also offers opportunities 
to work in a range of collaborative programs, including Book History 
and Print Culture, Aboriginal, Canadian, environmental, ethno-cultural, sexual 
diversity, gender and women's studies. The University of Toronto is strongly 
committed to diversity within its community and especially welcomes applications 
from visible minority group members, women, Aboriginal persons, persons 
with disabilities, members of sexual minority groups and others who may contribute 
to the further diversification of ideas. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given 
priority. 

U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English & Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga, ON Canada L5L 
1C6 

Assistant Professor of English 138 

http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/~w3eng/ 
University of Toronto at Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, English. 
Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant Professor, Department 
of English and Drama, University of Toronto at Mississauga, University of 
Toronto. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, with specialization in Modern Drama. 
Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise theses, 
and carry out research in that area, and who have evidence of excellence in research 
and teaching. Secondary field, particularly in those areas with existing 
UTM programs—Theatre and Drama, Women and Gender, Culture and Communications—
would be strongly preferred. The University of Toronto Department 
of English is a three-campus graduate department (St. George, U of T at 
Mississauga, and U of T at Scarborough), and the successful candidate will be a 
member of the graduate faculty of the University of Toronto. Duties consist of 
research, teaching undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate 

courses at the St. George campus. Salary commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. 
Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department of 

English and Drama/University of Toronto at Mississauga/3359 Mississauga Road 
North/Mississauga, Ontario L5L 1C6. Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) 
and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department as soon as possible. Include 
ONE writing sample of scholarly work of not more than 25 pages. Appointment 
commences 1 July 2006. The deadline for applications is 
14 November 2005. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and 
live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in the world. The 
University also offers opportunities to work in a range of collaborative programs. 
The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community 
and especially welcomes applications from visible minority group members, 
women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority 
groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Toronto, Mississauga 

English & Drama, 3359 Mississauga Rd N Mississauga, ON Canada 
L5L 1C6 

Assistant Professor of English 139 

http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/~w3eng/ 
University of Toronto at Mississauga (UTM), University of Toronto, English. 
Applications are invited for a tenure-stream position, Assistant Professor, Department 
of English and Drama, University of Toronto at Mississauga, University of 
Toronto. Qualifications: Ph.D. in English, with specialization in Victorian Literature. 
Applications are welcomed from candidates qualified to teach, supervise 
theses, and carry out research in that area, and who have evidence of excellence 
in research and teaching. Secondary field, particularly in those areas with existing 
UTM programs—Theatre and Drama, Women and Gender, Culture and Communications—
would be strongly preferred. The University of Toronto Department 
of English is a three-campus graduate department (St. George, U of T at 
Mississauga, and U of T at Scarborough), and the successful candidate will be a 
member of the graduate faculty of the University of Toronto. Duties consist of 
research, teaching undergraduate courses at the UTM campus and graduate 

courses at the St. George campus. Salary commensurate with qualifications and 
experience. 
Send applications and c.v. to Professor Leslie Thomson, Chair, Department of 

English and Drama/University of Toronto at Mississauga/3359 Mississauga Road 
North/Mississauga, Ontario L5L 1C6. Have 3 letters of reference (or dossier) 
and graduate transcripts sent directly to the Department as soon as possible. Include 
ONE writing sample of scholarly work of not more than 25 pages. Appointment 
commences 1 July 2006. The deadline for applications is 
14 November 2005. 

The University of Toronto offers the opportunity to teach, conduct research and 
live in one of the most diverse and cosmopolitan locations in the world. The 
University also offers opportunities to work in a range of collaborative programs. 
The University of Toronto is strongly committed to diversity within its community 
and especially welcomes applications from visible minority group members, 
women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, members of sexual minority 
groups, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent 
residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria, BC Canada V8W 3W1 

Assistant Professor of English 195 

http://www.engl.uvic.ca/ 
Tenure track position in the area of Modern Canadian Literature, effective 1 July 
2006. Candidates should hold or be close to completing a Ph.D.; candidates 
should also be prepared to provide evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence 
or potential. Letters of application, CVs including all university transcripts, writing 
sample, and confidential letters from three referees should be sent by Octo


ber 31, 2005, to Dr. Robert Miles, Chair, Department of English, University of 
Victoria, P.O. Box 3070 Stn CSC, Victoria, BC, Canada V8W 3W1. 
The University of Victoria is an equity employer and encourages applications 

from women, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, 
people of all sexual orientations and genders, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of the University. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, in accordance with Canadian Immigration requirements, 
Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria, BC Canada V8W 3W1 

Assistant Professor of English 197 

http://www.engl.uvic.ca/ 
Tenure track position in the area of Postcolonial Literature, specifically in African 
and/or Caribbean Literature in English, effective 1 July 2006. Candidates should 
hold or be close to completing a Ph.D.; candidates should also be prepared to 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


provide evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence or potential. Letters of application, 
CVs including all university transcripts, writing sample, and confidential 
letters from three referees should be sent by October 31, 2005, to Dr. Robert 
Miles, Chair, Department of English, University of Victoria, P.O. Box 3070 Stn 
CSC, Victoria, BC, Canada V8W 3W1 (e-mail: english@uvic.ca). The University 
of Victoria is an equity employer and encourages applications from women, 
persons with disabilities, visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, people of all sexual 
orientations and genders, and others who may contribute to the further diversification 
of the University. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however, in accordance with Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadians 
and permanent residents will be given priority. 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria, BC Canada V8W 3W1 

Senior Instructor of English 198 

http://www.engl.uvic.ca/ 
Regular faculty position at the rank of Senior Instructor. The primary duty of 
those holding this rank is teaching, with secondary expectations of departmental 
and university level service and research related to teaching. The successful applicant 
will have a Ph.D. and an outstanding, extensive and well-documented 
record of successful teaching, including teaching in writing and literature courses 
at first-year and higher levels, as well, ideally, as experience in teaching on line. 
Letters of application, CVs including all university transcripts, writing sample, 
and confidential letters from three referees should be sent by October 31, 2005, 
to Dr. Robert Miles, Chair, Department of English, University of Victoria, P.O. 
Box 3070 Stn CSC, Victoria, BC, Canada V8W 3W1 (e-mail: english@uvic.ca). 
The University of Victoria is an equity employer and encourages applications 
from women, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, 

people of all sexual orientations and genders, and others who may contribute to 
the further diversification of the University. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance with 

Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents will be 
given priority. [R] 

U of Victoria 

English, PO Box 3070 Victoria, BC Canada V8W 3W1 

Assistant Professor of English 196 

http://www.engl.uvic.ca/ 
Tenure track position in the area of Medieval Literature, specifically Middle English 
Literature. Additional expertise in Old English or the History of the English 
Language would be valuable, effective 1 July 2006. Candidates should hold or be 
close to completing a Ph.D.; candidates should also be prepared to provide evidence 
of scholarly and teaching excellence or potential. Letters of application, 
CVs including all university transcripts, writing sample, and confidential letters 
from three referees should be sent by October 31, 2005, to Dr. Robert Miles, 
Chair, Department of English, University of Victoria, P.O. Box 3070 Stn CSC, 
Victoria, BC, Canada V8W 3W1. The University of Victoria is an equity 
employer and encourages applications from women, persons with disabilities, 
visible minorities, aboriginal peoples, people of all sexual orientations and genders, 
and others who may contribute to the further diversification of the University. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance 
with Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadians and permanent residents 
will be given priority. [R] 

U of Western Ontario 

English, U of Western Ontario London ON N6A 3K7 Canada 

Assistant Professor of English 211 

http://www.uwo.ca/english/ 
The Department of English, The University of Western Ontario (http://www 
.uwo.ca/english/) invites applications for a probationary (tenure-track) position 
at the rank of Assistant Professor, to begin 1 July 2006, in Modern British and 
Irish Literature (1900–1960). The completed PhD, or equivalent, and experi


ence and promise in teaching and research are minimum qualifications; published 
work is advantageous. For PhD candidates in the final stages of the thesis, supervisors 
must provide written confirmation of the completion date for applications 
to be considered. Positions are subject to budget approval. Applicants should 
have fluent written and oral communication skills in English. All qualified candidates 
are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will 
be given priority. The University of Western Ontario is committed to employment 
equity and welcomes applications from all qualified women and men, including 
visible minorities, aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities. Send 
letter of application with curriculum vitae and copies of transcripts, a writing 
sample, and three letters of reference to: Dr. J. Douglas Kneale, Professor and 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Western Ontario, London, 
Ontario, Canada N6A 3K7. Applications must be received by 1 November 
2005. [R] 

U of Western Ontario 

Mod Langs & Lits, London, ON Canada N6A 3K7 

Assistant Professor in Comparative Literature 

http://www.uwo.ca/modlang/ 
The University of Western Ontario, Department of Modern Languages and Literatures 
(http://www.uwo.ca/modlang/), invites applications for a Probationary 
(tenure-track) position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the area of Comparative 
Literature to begin July 1, 2006. A Ph.D. in Comparative Literature, expertise 
in literary theory, a proven track record in teaching, and an excellent record 
of research, are required. Expertise in non-Western literatures an asset. Send letter 
of application with curriculum vitae, copies of transcripts, a writing sample, 
and three letters of reference to the Chair, Department of Modern Languages 
and Literatures, The University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada, 
N6A 3K7; fax (519) 661-4093. Applications must be received by November 15, 
2005. Positions are subject to budget approval. Applicants should have fluent 
written and oral communication skills in English. All qualified candidates are encouraged 
to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given 
priority. The University of Western Ontario is committed to employment equity 
and welcomes applications from all qualified women and men, including visible 
minorities, aboriginal people and persons with disabilities. [R] 

OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS 
American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Instructors-Writing Program 

http://www.aucegypt.edu 
THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO 
Writing Program 
Founded in 1919, AUC's campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but will be 

moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning Fall Semester, 
2007 (see the New Campus website at www.aucegypt.edu/ncd/New% 
20Campus.html). AUC's degree programs are accredited by the Commission on 
Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. For 
more information see our website at www.aucegypt.edu. One-two-or three-year 
appointments subject to mutual agreement will begin September 2006. Renewal 
of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or the appointee's performance. 
The normal teaching load is three courses per semester and English is 
the language of instruction. Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications 
and professional experience. For expatriates, benefits include housing, 
annual round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus 
schooling for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. In 
view of AUC's protocol agreement with the Egyptian Government, which requires 
specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at 
this time preference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

WRITING INSTRUCTORS: Several openings for experienced composition 
and rhetoric instructors to teach writing, rhetoric, and research in the Writing 
Program. Experience with information technology, Business/Technical Writing, 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


and/or curriculum design would be a plus. MA in Composition, Literature, or 

related field within the humanities is required. 
APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: e-mail a letter of intent specifying Position 
# RHET-2/5 with a current C.V. to facultyaffairs@aucnyo.edu and arrange to 
have three letters of recommendation and transcripts mailed to: Dr. Earl (Tim) 
Sullivan, Provost, American University in Cairo, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3, New 
York, N.Y. 10018-2729. For full consideration, candidates must also complete 
the Personnel Information Form provided at http://forms.aucegypt.edu/ 
provost/pif3.html. Priority will be given to applications received by November 
15th. 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
EMPLOYER. 

American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

TEFL/Applied Linguistics 553 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO 
English Language Institute 
Founded in 1919, AUC's campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but will be 

moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning Fall Semester, 
2007 (see the New Campus website at www.aucegypt.edu/ncd/New% 
20Campus.html). AUC's degree programs are accredited by the Commission on 
Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. For 
more information see our website at www.aucegypt.edu. One-two-or three-year 
appointments subject to mutual agreement will begin September 2006. Renewal 
of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or the appointee's performance. 
The normal teaching load is three courses per semester and English is 
the language of instruction. Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications 
and professional experience. For expatriates, benefits include housing, 
annual round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus 
schooling for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. In 
view of AUC's protocol agreement with the Egyptian Government, which requires 
specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at 
this time preference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

TEFL/Applied Linguistics: One opening for a faculty member experienced in 
TEFL/Applied Linguistics to teach and do research in the MA in TEFL Program. 
Specialization and experience in some combination of the following areas: 
pedagogical grammar: the teaching of writing, reading, speaking, or listening in 
the EFL/ESL context; CALL; language transfer; corpus linguistics, with focus on 
classroom applications. Experience or interest in teaching online would be an 
asset. The position primarily involves teaching in the M.A. in TEFL Program 
and supervising theses. Ph.D. required. 

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: e-mail a letter of intent specifying Position 
# TEFL-1 with a current C.V.to facultyaffairs@aucnyo.edu and arrange to have 
three letters of recommendation and transcripts mailed to: Dr. Earl (Tim) Sullivan, 
Provost, American University in Cairo, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3, New York, 

N.Y. 10018-2729. For full consideration, candidates must also complete the Personnel 
Information Form provided at http://forms.aucegypt.edu/provost/pif3 
.html. Priority will be given to applications received by October 15th. 
THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
EMPLOYER. 

American U in Cairo 

Provost, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3ML New York NY 10018 

Writing Program-Director 546 

http://www.aucegypt.edu 
Writing Program 
Founded in 1919, AUC's campus is currently located in Cairo, Egypt, but will be 

moving to a new, state-of-the-art campus in New Cairo beginning Fall Semester, 
2007 (see the New Campus website at www.aucegypt.edu/ncd/New% 
20Campus.html). AUC's degree programs are accredited by the Commission on 
Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. For 
more information see our website at www.aucegypt.edu. One-two-or three-year 

appointments subject to mutual agreement will begin September 2006. Renewal 
of an appointment depends upon institutional needs and/or the appointee's performance. 
The normal teaching load is three courses per semester and English is 
the language of instruction. Salary and rank are according to scale based on qualifications 
and professional experience. For expatriates, benefits include housing, 
annual round-trip air travel for appointee and qualifying dependents, plus 
schooling for the equivalent of up to two children at Cairo American College. In 
view of AUC's protocol agreement with the Egyptian Government, which requires 
specific proportions of Egyptian, U.S., and third-country citizen faculty, at 
this time preference will be given to qualified applicants who are U.S. citizens. 

DIRECTOR: Experience with program administration and commitment to effective 
teaching a must. Ph.D. in Rhetoric and Composition and experience 
with CAI and curriculum development a plus. Duties include selecting and supervising 
a faculty of 30+, encouraging faculty development and program assessment 
activities, and serving as liaison to university departments. 

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: e-mail a letter of intent specifying Position 
# RHET-1 with a current C.V. to facultyaffairs@aucnyo.edu and arrange to 
have three letters of recommendation and transcripts mailed to: Dr. Earl (Tim) 
Sullivan, Provost, American University in Cairo, 420 Fifth Avenue, Fl. 3, New 
York, N.Y. 10018-2729. For full consideration, candidates must also complete 
the Personnel Information Form provided at http://forms.aucegypt.edu/ 
provost/pif3.html. Priority will be given to applications received by November 
15th. 

THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
EMPLOYER. 

U de Fribourg 

Faculte des lettres, Fribourg Switzerland 

Full Professor of English Literature 

http://www.unifr.ch/lettres/fr/service/emploi.php 
Substantial record of publications and teaching experience required. Area of specialization 
open. Each position involves at least 6 hours weekly teaching in the 

respective fields. Teaching in English, some administrative work in French and 
German (bilingual university). 
Further details : http://www.unifr.ch/lettres/fr/service/emploi.php 
Deadline for applications : October 15th, 2005. 
Send Curriculum vitae (with exact dates of birth and schooling) including list of 

publications, research interests and teaching experience to Prof. Jean-Michel 
Spieser, Dean, Facult des Lettres, Universit de Fribourg, Misricorde, CH-1700 
Fribourg, Switzerland. [R] 

U de Fribourg 

Faculte des lettres, Fribourg Switzerland 

Full Professor of American Literature 

http://www.unifr.ch/lettres/fr/service/emploi.php 
The University of Fribourg/Freiburg, Switzerland, is seeking to hire as of Octo


ber 2006 a full professor (Ordinariat/professeur ordinaire) of American Literature 
(not American studies). 
The area of specialization is open, but the professor and his/her assistant are re


sponsible for teaching the general area of American literature. An interest in 


Comparative literature would be welcome. 
Although all teaching and student work is in English, the academic life and the 
administrative work are held in one or the other official languages of the University 
(French/German). [R] 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of Aberdeen 

C of Arts & Social Sciences, University Office-Kings College Aberdeen AB24 
3FX Scotland 

Academic Vacancies (Any Level) 765 

http://www.abdn.ac.uk 
CENTRE FOR MODERN THOUGHT 
ACADEMIC VACANCIES 
Chair, Reader, Senior Lecturer, Lecturer, Research Fellow 
The Centre for Modern Thought at the University of Aberdeen has been cre


ated as a site for cross-disciplinary theoretical research and theoretical inquiry 
bearing on global socio-historical developments and political issues. It will serve 
degree programs throughout the College of Art and Social Sciences in the context 
of the University's new Graduate School and will offer a stimulating environment 
to students seeking a high-profile Ph.D. program staffed by 
internationally recognized scholars. 


In the coming academic year, we aim to make a number of academic appoint


ments (at any rank) in the following areas: 
Modern Intellectual History: We seek a scholar whose work entails the capacity 
to address representations of history in the modern period, including Hegelian or 
Marxist models, and more contemporary "post-structuralist" elaborations. This 
individual could come from fields such as philosophy, literature, history, or sociology, 
but should have a strong interest in philosophy of history. 


Science Studies/History of Science: An important part of the Centre's work will 
be addressed to relations between the sciences, the social sciences and the humanities. 
An individual strongly versed in the areas of history of science and theory 
of knowledge will play a vital role. 


Theory of Art: We intend to establish strong links between the Centre for Modern 
Thought, the program in Art History, the Centre for Visual Culture, and 
initiatives underway in Aberdeen. A suitable candidate might come from a variety 
of fields, including architecture, film, art history, or the performing arts. We 
would also consider candidates whose work combines theoretical inquiry and 
practice. 


Political Theory: The Centre's ambition of addressing issues of broad socio-political 
import will be served by an individual with significant preparation in political 
economy and modern political theory. 


Literary Theory: We seek a scholar with a strong capacity to address the questions 
posed to modern thought by literature. This individual should be well 
versed in modern continental philosophy and might also bring a special interest 
in psychoanalytic theory. 


Scholars from any field whose work intersects with these areas are welcome to 
apply. Suitable candidates will have a distinguished publication record or demonstrate 
exceptional promise. We will accept applications until the positions are 
filled, but we will begin active consideration of the applications on 15 November 
2005. Enquiries may be directed to Professor Christopher Fynsk, 
enl290@abdn.ac.uk For further information regarding the Centre for Modern 
Thought and the University of Aberdeen, visit our website at: http://www 
.abdn.ac.uk/modernthought 


Application procedure 
Online application forms including further particulars are available from www 
.abdn.ac.uk/jobs. Alternatively email jobs@abdn.ac.uk or telephone (01224) 


272727 (24-hour answering service) quoting reference number CMT001A for 
an application pack. 
Promoting Diversity and Equal Opportunities throughout the University [R] 


U of Cyprus 

Foreign Languages & Lits, Nicosia Cyprus 

Lecturer or Assistant Professor in English Literature. 460 

The Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures, University of Cyprus 
seeks applicants for one tenure-track position at the rank of Lecturer or Assistant 
Professor in English Literature. 

The position will be in an area of English and Cultural Studies, 16th-early 19th 
centuries. Fields of specialization could include early modern studies, poetry and 
poetics, essay, autobiography, travel writing, cultural and social history. The successful 
candidate must display knowledge of critical theory and the ability to 
work within interdisciplinary and comparative frameworks. 


The successful candidate should be willing to teach courses ranging from introductory 
to graduate level courses. Teaching load: Two courses a semester. Gross 
annual salary including the 13th salary: Lecturer CYP22.889-CYP33.525, Assistant 
Professor CYP27.104-CYP36.559 (1 CYP=2.10 US$). Please send: Letter 
of application mentioning the rank you are applying for; curriculum vitae; three 
representative publications; summary of current and future research plans 
(2–3pp); and copies of degree certificates. Applicants must request three academic 
referees to send letters of recommendation directly to the University. The 
names and addresses of these referees must be submitted with the application. 


Deadline: Applications must reach the Registrar by December 2, 2006. 
Please send to: The Registrar, University of Cyprus, P.O.Box 20537, 1678 
Nicosia, Cyprus. Information: Tel: 00357-22–892182-Fax: 00357-22–892100. 


U of Dublin, Trinity C 

Irish and Celtic Langs, Dublin 2 Ireland 

Chair of Early Irish 481 

Applications are invited for the following appointment in the Department of 
Irish and Celtic Languages tenable from 1 March 2006, or as soon as possible 
thereafter. 

CHAIR OF EARLY IRISH (1996) 
The vacancy has arisen following the recent appointment of Professor Liam 
Breatnach to a Senior Professorship in the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies. 
Candidates should have a distinguished record of scholarly research and teaching 
in Early Irish Language and/or Literature. The successful applicant will be ex


pected to assume the role of head of department in due course, in accordance 
with College Regulations. 
The appointment will be made at the appropriate point on the professorial salary 

scale which, for new entrants, is currently 94,712-121,868 
Further particulars relating to this appointment may be obtained from: Michael 
Gleeson, Secretary to the College, West Theatre, Trinity College, Dublin 2, 
Telephone: 353–1-608-1722, Facsimile: 353–1-671-0037, e-mail: moya.thomp


son@tcd.ie to whom formal applications should be sent, to arrive by the preferred 
closing date of 31 October 2005 
Trinity College is an equal opportunities employer 

Yonsei U 

Underwood International C, Seoul 120–749 Korea 

Humanities Teaching Fellowships 851 

http://uic.yonsei.ac.kr. 

Underwood Society of Fellows, Underwood International College, Yonsei University 
Humanities, Seoul, Korea 
The Underwood International College, Yonsei University, invites applications 

for up to four junior teaching fellowships in the Humanities to begin 
September 2006. Positions are for two years, renewable, with the possibility of 
conversion into a tenure-track position. Teaching responsibilities are normally 6 
credit-hours per semester, and compensation includes an annual stipend of approximately 
$50,000, a housing subsidy, and a limited relocation package. Fellows 
will be affiliated with the Underwood Society of Fellows and teach in the 
Underwood International College (UIC) Common Curriculum. Fields of specialty 
can include literature (classical, modern European, English and American), 
history (all fields, including history of science), art history, or philosophy. Please 
send letter of application, c.v. including teaching experience/interests and publications 
list, a writing sample, and three letters of recommendation to: Underwood 
Society of Fellows Junior Search/Underwood International College/ 
Yonsei University/Seoul, 120–749, Korea. Applications must be received by December 
1, 2005. Interviews at the MLA. More information available on our 
website at http://uic.yonsei.ac.kr. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


DEPARTMENT CHAIRS/DEANSHIPS 
Chapman U 

English & Comp Lit, 333 N Glassell Orange CA 92866 

Chair, Department of English & Comparative Literature 101 

http://www.chapman.edu 
Chapman University, a comprehensive, liberal-arts based university, in southern 
California, seeks a chair for the Department of English & Comparative Literature 
to begin Fall 2006. The department offers a B.A. in English (with emphases in 
Literature, Comparative Literature, and Journalism), a B.F.A. in Creative Writing, 
an M.A. in English and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing. Position requires a 
Ph.D. in English or Comparative Literature. The department is housed in the 
liberal arts college of the university and is deeply committed to excellence in 

teaching and scholarship, and to personalized education involving mentoring and 
collaborative research. 
Candidates must possess administrative experience and proven leadership and 

communication skills. The applicant should have a distinguished record of teaching, 
scholarly and/or creative activity, and of university service consistent with 
the rank of professor; area of scholarship and teaching open. Candidates must 
demonstrate commitment to general education, composition, creative writing, 
and graduate education. Salary is highly competitive. 

Responsibilities include curriculum and program maintenance and development, 
faculty development and evaluation, assessment, recruiting, and budget management. 
The chair will teach at a substantially reduced load in order to provide 
leadership, direction and vision for a dynamic department with 17 full-time 
members. [R] 

Miami U 

Black World Studies Prog, Upham Hall Oxford OH 45056 

Director of Black World Studies Program 46 

http://www.cas.muohio.edu/~bwsweb/ 
The College of Arts and Science at Miami University invites applications from 
outstanding scholars for the position of Director of Black World Studies and ap


pointment at the rank of associate professor or full professor in the appropriate 
Arts and Science academic department. 
The Black World Studies Program (BWS) at Miami University offers both a 

major and a minor. The interdisciplinary curriculum, teaching and research of 
BWS focus primarily on the experiences of Africans and people of African descent 
in the United States and throughout the world. BWS emphasizes both theory 
and practice in the field. The director will maintain an active program of 
scholarship, provide leadership, develop and administer the academic program, 
teach courses in the program, support student academic excellence, and maintain 
strong relationships with the student body, faculty, and administration. 

Candidates must have expertise in Black World Studies, a doctoral degree, and 
distinguished scholarly achievements. The ideal candidate will have a vision for 
advancing the BWS program at Miami University, a history of program involvement 
and leadership, and a demonstrated commitment to student success. Salary 
will be commensurate with qualifications. The beginning date of employment is 
August 15, 2006. 

U.S. News & World Report ranks Miami University among the top 25 public 
universities in the nation. The campus in Oxford, OH has an undergraduate 
population of 15,300 students and 1,400 graduate students. The regional campuses 
in Hamilton and Middletown, OH each have enrollments of 2,500 undergraduates. 
Multicultural students made up 10 percent of our 2004/05 first-year 
class and 8.6 percent of the entire student body. Miami offers the bachelor's degree 
in over 100 areas of study, the master's degree in more than 50 areas, the 
doctoral degree in 11 areas, and on the regional campuses, the associate's degree 
in 14 areas. 
Submit a letter of application, curriculum vitae, vision statement, and three current 
letters of recommendation to Stephen A. Nimis, College of Arts and Science, 
Miami University, Oxford OH 45056. 

Review of applications will begin October 1, 2005 and continue until the position 
is filled. [R] 

North Georgia C & SU 

Lang & Lit, 100 College Cir Dahlonega GA 30597 

Department Head, Department of English 883 

http://www.ngcsu.edu 
North Georgia College & State University, located an hour north of Atlanta, is 
seeking applications for the head of the Department of English. The position is a 

nine-month, full-time, tenure track position at the Associate or Full Professor 
level. 
Requirements: Ph. D. in English or a related area. The successful candidate will 

manage and provide vision and leadership for a growing department, with concentrations 
in literature, and writing and professional publication. Coordinate 
student advisement, curriculum revision and faculty evaluations. Manage the department's 
budget, serve on campus-wide and system-wide committees, and assume 
other duties as assigned by the dean. The department head will carry a 
reduced load in teaching. 

Submit a letter of application, resume, transcripts of undergraduate and graduate 
credits and three letters of reference to: Department of Human Resources, Attn: 
Department Head in English, North Georgia College & State University, 
Dahlonega, GA 30597. To be considered for initial interviewing at the MLA 
conference, please apply before November 14, 2005; review of applications will 
begin on November 15, 2005 and continue until the position is filled. Employment 
Date: August 1, 2006. [R] 

SU of New York at Buffalo 

English, 306 Clemens Hall Buffalo NY 14260 

English Department Chair 144 

http://english.buffalo.edu 
The English Department of the University at Buffalo (SUNY) invites applications 
for the position of Department Chair at the rank of Full Professor. We are 
looking for an outstanding scholar with a distinguished record of publication. 
Field of specialization is open. Credentials will be reviewed starting November 7, 
2005, but applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Salary will be 
commensurate with qualifications. Start date: Fall semester, 2006. Applicants 
should send a letter of application, a vita, and the names of referees to Professor 
Jorge Gracia, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, 306 Clemens 
Hall, The University at Buffalo, Amherst, NY 14260. The University at Buffalo 
is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Recruiter. [R] 

Southern Polytechnic SU 

Humanities & Tech Communication, 1100 S Marietta Pky Marietta GA 
30060 

Department Chair 888 

http://www.spsu.edu/htc 
Tenured or tenurable senior-level candidate in technical or professional communication/
information design (or related field) to assume duties of chair of the department 
beginning July 1, 2006. Required: Ph.D. in technical/professional 
communication or related field and demonstrated evidence of administrative experience 
and/or capabilities. Responsibilities: teaching (load negotiable), administrative 
service, scholarship, professional development. The Chair is a faculty 


member who serves as 12-month academic administrator responsible for the 
daily operation of the department. 
We seek a person who is both faculty-and student-oriented, with demonstrated 


leadership skills that will foster success for the department and the university. 
The Humanities and Technical Communication Department has four programs: 
two undergraduate technical and professional communication degrees (BS and 
BA), an MS in Information Design and Communication, and an online graduate 
certificate in technical communication. In addition, the department also offers 


classes in the core curriculum, such as composition, literature, speech, drama, 
and arts. 
The university, located in metro-Atlanta, is a unit of the University System of 


Georgia, and an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 


ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


For preliminary screening, submit (1) letter of application, (2) current resume, 

(3) three current letters of reference, and (4) graduate transcripts (unofficial copies 
acceptable); and (4) statement of academic administrative philosophy. Preference 
will be given to completed applications postmarked by 10 November 2005. 
Send materials to Dr. Kenneth T. Rainey, Chair, Humanities/Technical Communication 
Department, Southern Polytechnic State University, 1100 S. Marietta 
Parkway [R] 

U of Alabama at Birmingham 

English, 900 S 13th St, 217 Hum Bldg Birmingham AL 35294 

Department Chair 710 

http://www.uab.edu 
The Department of English invites nominations and applications for the position 
of Chair. Senior rank (Professor or advanced Associate Professor), field of specialization 
open. We seek a productive scholar and excellent teacher with proven 
administrative experience. Our 40-member department offers B.A. and M.A. 
degrees within a nationally ranked teaching and research urban university of 
16,000 students. All degrees include courses in American and British/Irish literature. 
Undergraduate concentrations are available in creative writing, professional 
writing and public discourse, and linguistics with minors available in writing, 
creative writing, and linguistics; graduate concentrations are literature, creative 
writing, and rhetoric and composition. Located in a population center of approximately 
one million people and having a Carnegie Classification of Doctoral/
Research Universities-Extensive, UAB is an EO/AA employer and actively 
seeks applications from women and minority candidates. Screening begins on 
November 1. Although the position will remain open until filled, applicants who 
submit materials before November 1 will receive fullest consideration. Send letter 
and c.v. to Department Chair Search Committee, Department of English, 
HB 217, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35294-1260. 
Interviews at MLA. [R] 

U of California, Davis 

Offices of the Chancellor and Provost, One Shields Avenue Davis CA 95616 

Dean—Division of Humanities, Arts and Cultural Studies 160 

http://chancellor.ucdavis.edu/resource/recruit/deanharcs.cfm 
The University of California, Davis, invites applications and nominations for the 
position of Dean of the Division of Humanities, Arts, and Cultural Studies. The 
Division is one of three within the College of Letters and Science and has 282 
full time faculty including 60 lecturers, 2,100 undergraduate students in 26 majors, 
and a graduate student enrollment of approximately 360. The Division is 
composed of 29 departments and programs as follows: English, arts (Art Studio, 
Art History, Theatre and Dance, Music, Technocultural Studies, Design); ethnic 
and cultural studies (Native American Studies, African American and African 
Studies, Asian American Studies, American Studies, Chicana/o Studies, Women 
and Gender Studies, Cultural Studies Graduate Group), languages and literatures 
(German and Russian, Spanish and Classics, East Asian Languages and Cultures, 
French and Italian, Comparative Literature, Second Language Acquisition Institute), 
and programs in Religious Studies, Humanities, Critical Theory, Medieval 

and Early Modern Studies, Nature and Culture, and Film Studies. The Division 
also houses the Humanities Institute and the University Writing Program. 
The Dean is the chief academic and administrative officer of the Division, with 

responsibility for the academic leadership of the Division and the management of 
its resources, including faculty and staff, physical facilities, and budget. The Dean 
participates in campuswide policy development through membership on the 
Council of Deans and Vice Chancellors. Together with the Deans of the other 
two divisions within the College of Letters and Science-the Division of Mathematical 
and Physical Sciences and the Division of Social Sciences-the Dean 
shares oversight for student advising and operation of the College's central administrative 
function and takes a lead role in the external relations and development 
activities of the College. The Dean also plays a key role, working with 
academic departments, to integrate the Mondavi Center for the Performing Arts 
into the intellectual life of the campus. 

We seek candidates with a deep commitment to academic excellence who can 
lead the Division and the College in its continuing development. Qualifications 

include a distinguished record of teaching, research, and service appropriate for 
appointment as Professor in the Division; demonstrated ability for creative leadership 
and management; and the energy and vigor to translate ideas into action. 
The University of California, Davis, has a strong institutional commitment to the 
achievement of diversity among its faculty, staff, and students and seeks an individual 
who shares that commitment. 

Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. The starting 

date will be July 1, 2006 or as negotiated. 
Review of candidates will begin October 17, 2005; the position will remain 
open until filled. Electronic submissions are encouraged. Nominations and applications 
should be addressed to: Larry N. Vanderhoef, Chancellor, Office of the 
Chancellor, University of California, Davis, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 
95616 or, lnvanderhoef@ucdavis.edu 

The University of California, Davis, is an equal opportunity/affirmative action 
employer committed to excellence through diversity. [R] 

U of Colorado 

English, Hellems 101, 226 UCB Boulder CO 80309 

Director, Center for Humanities and the Arts 719 

http://www.colorado.edu/ArtsSciences/CHA/ 
Director of Center for Humanities and the Arts and Eaton Professor. Tenured 
professor, appointable at the level of Full Professor, to direct flourishing Center. 
Distinguished record as teacher and scholar; open to all humanists and artists, but 
candidates must demonstrate strong commitment to interdisciplinary work; administrative 
experience necessary. Letter and c.v. only to: Center for Humanities 

and the Arts Search, The Graduate School, University of Colorado, 26 UCB, 
Boulder, CO 80309-0026 
We begin reading applications November 1, 2005. The University of Colorado 

at Boulder is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment. 
[R] 

U of North Texas 

English, PO Box 311307 Denton TX 76203 

Chair, Department of English 78 

http://www.engl.unt.edu 
The University of North Texas seeks a Chair for the Department of English, beginning 
in fall 2006. Ph.D. is required. Area of teaching and specialization open. 
Candidates must possess a distinguished record of teaching and research. Significant 
administrative experience is required. Experience in fund raising is desirable. 
Candidates must hold the rank of associate or full professor. With approximately 
1100 undergraduate and graduate majors, the department offers undergraduate 
and/or graduate programs in literature, composition and rhetoric, technical writing, 
creative writing, linguistics, and ESL. Applicants must demonstrate commitment 
to all these areas. Send letter of application, current CV, copies of official 
transcripts, five letters of reference, and a brief statement of how you would view 
your role as chair to James T. F. Tanner, Chair, Department of English, University 
of North Texas, P.O. Box 311307, Denton, TX. 76203-1307. Review of applications 
begins September 1, 2005. Deadline for receiving applications is 
November 1, 2005. Interviews of selected applicants will be conducted at MLA 
during December 27–30, 2005. UNT is a comprehensive research-oriented state 
university, located in the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex. UNT is an AA/EO 
employer that values diversity. 

U of South Florida 

English, 4202 Fowler Av, CPR 107 Tampa FL 33620 

Department Chair/Professor 1004 

http://www.cas.usf.edu/english/index.html 
The University of South Florida (www.usf.edu), Tampa campus, invites applications 
for Chair of the Department of English. Area of specialization open. Candidates 
should be at rank of Full Professor or Advanced Associate Professor (with 
scholarship comparable to that of Full Professor) and should possess significant 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


administrative experience as well as a distinguished scholarly and teaching record. 

Earned doctorate in English or a related field required. 
The Chair reports directly to the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences; fosters 
excellence in teaching and scholarly activities; supervises the Department's 
budget; represents the Department to the discipline, campus, and alumni; and 
oversees the recruitment, tenure, and promotion of faculty. Salary and benefits 
competitive. Department Chair is a twelve-month position. Starting date 
August 7, 2006. 

The Department of English offers the Ph.D. and M.A. in Literature and Rhetoric 
& Composition; the M.A. in Creative Writing; and the B.A. with tracks in 
Creative Writing, Literature, and Professional & Technical Writing. The Department 
also offers graduate certificates in Comparative Literature, Creative Writing, 
and Teaching Composition as well as an undergraduate honors program. For 
more information, see www.cas.usf.edu/english/index.html. The Department of 
English is one of the largest academic departments in the University, teaching 
over 18,500 students last year. 

The University of South Florida is a Doctoral/Research University-Extensive 
(Research I). USF is located in Tampa Bay, a culturally diverse community. A 
comprehensive, metropolitan, state university, USF serves more than 42,000 students 
in nine colleges on four campuses. The university offers degree programs 
in 80 undergraduate disciplines, more than 100 master's and specialist programs, 
and 30 doctoral programs including the M.D.; the faculty numbers more than 
2,500 members. 

Send letter of application, curriculum vitae and list of references to Graham 
Tobin, Chair, Search Committee, Department of English, CPR 107, University 
of South Florida, Tampa, FL 33620-5550. Application letter should include academic 
and administrative philosophy. Application materials are due by November 
1, 2005. Applications received after that date will be advanced only in cases 
of compelling merit. We anticipate that initial interviews will be held at the 
MLA. According to Florida law, applications and meetings regarding them are 
open to the public. For ADA accommodations, please contact Nancy Serrano 
(813-974-8211 or serrano@cas.usf.edu) at least five working days prior to need. 
USF is an AA/EEO institution. [R] 

U of Utah 

English, 255 Central Campus Dr, Rm 3500 Salt Lake City UT 84112 

Department Chair, English 921 

The University of Utah invites applications for chair of the department of English. 
Area of specialization is open. Candidates should be at the rank of Full 
Professor and should possess significant administrative experience as well as a distinguished 
scholarly and teaching record. The Chair reports directly to the Dean 
of the College of Humanities; fosters excellence in teaching and scholarly activities; 
supervises the Department's budget; represents the Department to the discipline, 
campus, and alumni; and oversees the recruitment, tenure and promotion 
of faculty. Salary and benefits competitive. Starting date is July 1, 2006. 

The Department of English offers the M.A. and Ph.D. in American Studies, the 

M.F.A. in Creative Writing and Ph.D. in Literature and Creative Writing, and 
the M.A. and Ph.D. in British and American Literature and a Ph.D. in Rhetoric 
and Composition and the B.A. with emphases in Creative Writing, British and 
American Studies and Teaching. The department also offers minors in Teaching, 
Creative Writing and English Literature. 
The English Department of the University of Utah has the size and diversity to 
accommodate a wide range of interests. In addition to traditional fields of literary 
study and teacher training, specializations range from creative writing and film to 
folklore and rhetoric. The department is frequently recognized as one of the 
strongest in the University. Faculty are often honored with distinguished teaching 
awards and many have national and international reputations as scholars and 
writers. For more information see: www.english.utah.edu 

The University of Utah is the flagship research 1 university located in Salt Lake 
City. UU serves more than 28,000 students in 16 colleges. Send letter of application, 
curriculum vitae and a list references to: Professor Vincent Cheng, Chair, 
Search Committee, University of Utah, Department of English, 255 S. Central 
Campus Dr. Rm, 3500, Salt Lake City, Utah 84112. Application letter should 
include academic and administrative philosophy. Applications are due by November 
1, 2005. The University is fully committed to policies of nondiscrimination 
and equal opportunity and vigorously pursues affirmative action in all 

programs, activities, and employment with regard to race color, national origin, 
sex, age, and status as a person with a disability. Religion, sexual orientation, and 
status as a disabled veteran of the Vietnam, era also are protected under nondiscrimination 
and equal opportunity employment policies. 

The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 
and particularly encourages applications from women and minorities. The University 
provides reasonable accommodations to the known disabilities of applicants 
and employees. [R] 

U of Virginia 

Media Studies, Robertson Media Center, Clemons Lib.320 Charlottesville 
VA 22903 

Director of Media Studies Program 

The Media Studies Program at the University of Virginia seeks a prominent 
scholar to provide intellectual leadership and vision and to shape a vibrant interdisciplinary 
undergraduate program. The successful candidate must be hirable at 
the associate or full professor rank with an exceptional record of scholarly publication 
in media studies, along with relevant experience in interdisciplinary 
teaching and in administering an academic program. Areas of academic specialization 
are open, but the Program is particularly interested in candidates with innovative 
scholarship and a dynamic teaching record in the following possible 
areas: media in a global context; critical studies in journalism; race and media; 
political economy of media industries; intellectual property and media; cultural 
studies of media; digital media studies. Professors in the Media Studies Program 
must be tenurable in an academic department. Desirable start date for the position 
is August 25, 2006. For more information about the Media Studies Program, 
please visit our website: www.virginia.edu/mediastudies. Inquiries can be 
directed to: aniko@virginia.edu. Review of applications begins October 15, 
2005 and will continue until the position is filled. Please send a letter of application 
detailing scholarly, teaching, and administrative accomplishments; full CV; 
and names of at least three references to: Aniko Bodroghkozy, Chair, Search 
Committee, Media Studies Program, 142 Cabell Hall, P.O. Box 400866, University 
of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA 22904-4866 

The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 
A demonstrated commitment to issues of diversity in pedagogy and scholarship is 
integral to the vision of the Media Studies Program. Therefore the search committee 
particularly welcomes applications from women, ethnic minorities, and 
other underrepresented groups. [R] 

COMPARATIVE LITERATURE 
Hamilton C 

Comp Lit, 198 College Hill Rd Clinton NY 13323 

Visiting Assistant Professor or Instructor 

http://www.hamilton.edu 
The Department of Comparative Literature seeks qualified applicants for a one-
year, full-time (5 courses), leave-replacement position starting July 1, 2006. 
Ph.D. or A.B.D. required. Specialization in "pre-modern"/pre-18th century 
Asian or Middle Eastern literature with capability to teach introductory World 
Literature course (spanning the origins of writing to the sixteenth century). 
Background in interdisciplinary studies especially welcome. Evidence of excellence 
in teaching a high priority. Hamilton is an affirmative action, equal opportunity 
employer and is committed to diversity in all areas of the campus 
community. Please send vita, letter of application, writing sample, and three letters 
of recommendation by November 21 to Carol S. Rupprecht, Acting Chair, 
Department of Comparative Literature, Hamilton College, 198 College Hill 
Road, Clinton, NY 13323 [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


Harvard U 

Comp Lit, G-03 Boylston Hall Cambridge MA 02138 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 779 

RECENT WORLD LITERATURE 
The Department of Comparative Literature seeks to appoint a tenure-track assistant 
or untenured associate professor of recent literature in an international context. 
Interest in transnational and translation issues with expertise in three or 
more languages. Teaching obligations include graduate and undergraduate 
courses. Candidates should expect to receive their Ph.D. by the time of appointment. 
Demonstrated excellence in teaching desired. Send cover letter and c.v. to 
Chair, The Department of Comparative Literature, Boylston Hall, Ground 
Floor, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138. Materials should be postmarked 
by 28 October, 2005. Harvard is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity 
Employer. Applications from women and minorities are strongly 
encouraged. 

Indiana U 

Comp Lit, 914 Ballantine Hall Bloomington IN 47405 

Tenured or tenure-track appointment in Comparative Literature (rank open) 672 

http://www.iub.edu/~complit 
Tenured or tenure-track appointment in Comparative Literature (rank open) 
Broadly trained comparatist with a concentration in post-enlightenment Euro


pean literature and thought. Applicants should ideally have a strong command of 
primary and secondary works in French and German. Knowledge of one or 
more additional languages, European or non-European, and familiarity with the 
sources of contemporary critical discourse also expected. Secondary interests in 
related disciplines are especially welcome. Please send letter of application, vita, a 
brief writing sample, and the names of three references by November 10 to: Professor 
Herbert Marks Search Committee, Department of Comparative Literature, 
Ballantine Hall 914-Indiana University, 1020 E. Kirkwood, Bloomington, 
IN 47405. 

Applicants at the assistant-professor level should also send a graduate dossier. 
Indiana University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. [R] 

New York U 

Comparative Literature, 19 University Place, Third Floor New York NY 
10003 

Faculty Position 666 

http://www.nyu.edu 
Faculty of Arts and Science 
The Department of Comparative Literature at New York University seeks a 

scholar at the assistant or mid-career level with a demonstrated expertise in the 
literary and philosophical dimensions of the ENLIGHTENMENT ERA. Appointment 
will begin September 1, 2006, pending budgetary and administrative 
approval. Preference will be given to candidates with proven research and teaching 
interests in Latin and/or Greek and the Classical traditions in Western literature. 
All candidates must have a commitment to theoretical topics and the 
evolving field of comparative literature. 

Please send a letter of application, CV and the names of three references to: Professor 
Tim Reiss, Department of Comparative Literature, Faculty of Arts and 
Science, New York University, 19 University Place, Third Floor, New York NY 
10003-4556. Applications must be postmarked by November 1, 2005. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

New York U 

Comparative Literature, 19 University Place, Third Floor New York NY 
10003 

Faculty Position 678 

http://www.nyu.edu 
Faculty of Arts and Science 
The Department of Comparative Literature at New York University seeks a 

scholar at the assistant or mid-career level working in TRANSCULTURAL 
LITERARY STUDIES and engaged in a rethinking of world literature, the phenomenon 
of "the literary" and theories of literary and cultural exchange. Appointment 
will begin September 1, 2006, pending budgetary and administrative 
approval. Fields of interest might include comparative poetics, East/West cultural 
dynamics, empire studies and transatlantic and diasporic literature. Applicants 
should work in several linguistic traditions. Historical field is open. 

Please send a letter of application, CV and the names of three references to: Professor 
Tim Reiss, Department of Comparative Literature, Faculty of Arts and 
Science, New York University, 19 University Place, Third Floor, New York NY 
10003-4556. Applications must be postmarked by November 1, 2005. 

NYU is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. 

SU of New York 

Comparative Literary and Cultural Studies, Humanities Building Stony 
Brook NY 11794 

Assistant Professor of Cultural Studies 756 

http://www.stonybrook.edu/cjo 
Assistant Professor (tenure-track) in any field of Cultural Studies, ideally with a 
comparatist, cross-cultural, transnational, and/or diasporic focus. We seek someone 
to diversify and expand current faculty specialties in theory, film, and literature 
as we continue to build an interdisciplinary Cultural Studies Ph.D. program 
and to develop a rapidly growing Cinema and Cultural Studies undergraduate 
major. (This might, for example, be someone specializing in media studies, or in 
the study of ethnic and/or minority popular cultures.) Required: Ph.D. complete 
by September 1, 2006. Interviews at the Modern Language Association Convention. 
Please send cover letter, CV, and letters of reference by Friday, November 
4, 2005, to: Professor Ira Livingston, Chair of the Search Committee, 
Department of Comparative Literary and Cultural Studies, Stony Brook University, 
Stony Brook, NY 11794-5355. AA/EOE. Please visit www.stonybrook 
.edu/cjo for employment information. 

SU of New York, Binghamton U 

Comparative Literature, PO Box 6000 Binghamton NY 13902 

Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature 1000 

http://www.binghamton.edu/complit/ 
Tenure-track. The Department of Comparative Literature seeks a scholar working 
in the interface of literature and philosophy. The successful candidate will 
contribute to the department's focus on theoretical inquiry and reflection on 
transnational cultural practices. We seek a colleague who will participate in a departmental 
culture that fosters interdisciplinary dialogue and be active in building 
cooperation with fields such as philosophy, English and foreign languages, art 
history, or the social sciences. We welcome applications from scholars whose research, 
informed by a solid knowledge of literary theory, demonstrates expertise 
in subaltern, African American, and/or Francophone studies. Send letter of application, 
vita, dossier, and writing sample to Luiza Moreira, Chair, Search 
Committee. Application review to begin November 15 and continue until position 
is filled. Binghamton University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. [R] 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


U of Chicago 

Comp Lit, 1010 E 59th St Chicago IL 60637 

Open Rank Position in Comparative Literature 363 

The University of Chicago invites applications for a tenure-track or tenured appointment 
(rank open) appointment in modern and contemporary literatures of 
the Atlantic rim. We are particularly in exploring significant relations among at 
least two of the following three literary traditions: African and/or African diasporic; 
Western European; and North and/or South American. We are particularly 
interested in under-explored links across the South as well as North 
Atlantic. Theoretical approaches might include theories of diasporic and postcolonial 
cultures as well as new developments in circum-Atlantic studies. All candidates 
should demonstrate fluency and expertise in at least two linguistically and 
geographically distinct languages and literatures. 

Please send letter of application, CV, writing sample, and dossier with three letters 
of recommendation by November 1, 2005, to Michael Murrin, Chair, Department 
of Comparative Literature, The University of Chicago, 1010 E. 59th 
Street, University of Chicago, IL 60637. The University of Chicago is an Affirmative 
Action/Equal Opportunity employer. [R] 

LINGUISTICS AND ESL 
Augusta SU 

Lang/Lit/Comm, 2500 Walton Way Augusta GA 30904 

Assistant Professor of English 948 

http://www.aug.edu/langlitcom/ 
The Department of Languages, Literature, and Communications of Augusta 
State University invites applications for a tenure-track position available August 
2006. Candidates should have expertise in second language acquisition 
(ESL) and linguistics. Teaching responsibilities will include upper-level courses 
for English majors in the area of specialty, freshman composition, and world humanities 
courses required for all students at Augusta State, as part of a 4/4 teaching 
load. Ph. D. and demonstrated teaching excellence required. ASU is 
committed to excellence through diversity in our student body and faculty, and 
thus strongly encourages women and minorities to apply. For full consideration, 
applications should be postmarked by Nov. 15. Please send a letter of application, 
a curriculum vitae, and three letters of reference to Dr. Lillie B. Johnson, Chair, 
Department of Languages, Literature and Communications, Augusta State University, 
Augusta, GA 30904. An Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer of the University System of Georgia. [R] 

Baylor U 

English, PO Box 97404 1 Bear Pl Waco TX 76798 

Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 642 

General Linguistics, with emphasis on syntax/semantics/discourse analysis; to 
begin Fall 2006. Primarily upper-division courses in our Program in English 
Language and Linguistics with some graduate teaching. Active researcher with 
publications either accepted or in print. Baylor is a Baptist university affiliated 
with the Baptist General Convention of Texas. As an Affirmative Action/Equal 
Opportunity employer, Baylor encourages minorities, women, veterans, and 
persons with disabilities to apply. Applicants should be able to affirm Baylor's 
Christian identity and mission. Applications will be reviewed beginning 17 October 
2005, and will be accepted until the position is filled. MLA interviews. To 
ensure full consideration, applications should be completed by 2 December 
2005. The position requires that a letter of application, a c.v., and at least 
three letters of recommendation be mailed to Professor Maurice Hunt; Chair, 
Department of English; One Bear Place #97404; Baylor University; Waco, Texas 
76798-7404. [R] 

Central Michigan U 

English Lang & Lit, Anspach 215 Mt Pleasant MI 48859 

Assistant Professor of English 322 

http://www.chsbs.cmich.edu/English/ 
Applied Linguistics. Tenure-track position as Assistant Professor beginning Fall 
2006. Ph.D. in Applied Linguistics or related field by August 2006 required. 3/3 
course load. Ability to teach phonetics/phonology and sociolinguistically-focused 
courses for future teachers required. Ability to teach courses in TESOL 

M.A. program and composition required. English education experience desired. 
Demonstrated evidence of effective teaching and an active research program are 
required. Send application, current vita, writing sample, transcripts, and letters of 
reference to Dr. Marcy Taylor, Chair, Department of English Language and Literature, 
Central Michigan University, Mt. Pleasant, MI 48859 by 28 October 
2005. CMU is a doctoral/research-intensive university with opportunities 
for leadership and involvement for its entire team. CMU, an AA/EO institution, 
strongly and actively strives to increase diversity within its community. Minorities 
are encouraged to apply (see www.cmich.edu/aaeo/). [R] 
Duke U 

English, Box 90015, 314 Allen Bldg Durham NC 27708 

Open Rank Position in Linguistics 969 

http://www.duke.edu/web/english 
Duke University English Department will be searching for a specialist in Linguistics. 
This is an open rank, tenure-track position that begins August 1, 2006. The 
Department seeks a scholar with a strong interest in global Englishes and expertise 
in one or more of the following areas: language and culture, sociolinguistics, 
cognitive linguistics, neurolinguistics, pragmatics, discourse analysis, or history of 
the English language. Please submit a CV and letter as MS Word or PDF attachments 
to: english@duke.edu. Use "Linguistics Search" as the subject line. Applications 
received by November 1, 2005 will be guaranteed full consideration. 
Duke University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Women 
and minorities are encouraged to apply. [R] 

Indiana U 

Linguistics, 1021 E 3rd St, 322 Memorial Hall Bloomington IN 47405 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 443 

http://www.indiana.edu/~lingdept/ 
Tenure track position in computational linguistics at the Assistant Professor level 
beginning Fall 2006. Applicants must have a Ph.D. and be able to contribute to 
the department's general linguistics program at all levels. Teaching load is two 
classes a semester. Salary is competitive. The ideal candidate should be familiar 
with natural language processing techniques/applications. Research specialties 
may include but not limited to natural language semantics, discourse processing, 
language acquisition models, empirical linguistics involving corpus-based studies, 
and language documentation and corpus creation. For more information, see 
http://www.indiana.edu/~lingdept/. Send application materials, including information 
about research and teaching interests, CV, sample publications, and three 
letters of recommendation by November 7th to: CL Search Committee, C/O 

Jan Cobb, Linguistics Dept, Memorial Hall 322, Indiana University, 1021 E. 3rd 
Street, Bloomington, IN 47405-7005. 
Indiana University is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Indiana 

University encourages applications from women and minorities. 

Metropolitan SC of Denver 

English, PO Box 173362, Campus Box 32 Denver CO 80217 

Assistant Professor 1020 

http://clem.mscd.edu/~english/ 
Assistant Professor of English wanted in Denver, CO to teach 4 three-credit college 
courses per semester in intro to linguistics, composition, modern lang theory, 
social linguistic, morphology, syntax, history of lang & other undergrad 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


courses. Prep & deliver lectures. Prep course studies & lesson plans. Dvlp teaching 
material, conduct classes & grad exams. Req: Doctorate in Linguistics. Resume 
to: Dr. Joan Griffin, The Metropolitan State College of Denver, English 
Dept, Box 32, PO Box 173362, Denver, CO 80217-3362. Ref code 
#105–101–99. No calls. 

Michigan SU 

Linguistics & Langs, A-615 Wells Hall East Lansing MI 48824 

Assistant Professor-Associate/Full Professor 7 

http://www.msu.edu/user/sls 
Second Language Studies 
Michigan State University seeks to fill up to four tenure-track positions in lan


guage learning and teaching, especially to support its newly-approved Second 
Language Studies Ph.D. (http://www.msu.edu/user/sls/) in the College of Arts 
& Letters, beginning August 16, 2006. Three of the positions are at the rank of 
assistant professor (Ph.D. in hand by August 16, 2006). The fourth will be at the 
rank of associate professor or full professor. The successful senior candidate will 
provide leadership in setting new research and instructional directions for second 
language studies at Michigan State University. Each candidate, depending on 
background and research specialties, will be housed in one of three departments:* 
1) French, Classics, and Italian, 2) Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, 
Asian and African Languages (home of the MA TESOL program), or 3) Spanish 
and Portuguese. We seek candidates with primary interests in: 1) computer-assisted 
language learning, 2) classroom-based research, 3) second language acquisition 
(formal, psycholinguistic, cognitive or sociolinguistic approaches), 4) second 
language semantics/pragmatics. One position will focus on the acquisition of 
German and one on the acquisition of Chinese. 


It is anticipated that the successful candidates will become part of a growing research 
community in second language studies and will take advantage of research 
opportunities through the Cognitive Science program (http://www.cogsci.msu 
.edu/), the Center for Language Education and Research (CLEAR, http:// 
clear.msu.edu) and related Centers and initiatives. 


Of particular interest are those candidates with experience or interest in working 
with heritage language learners and those whose major language interest area reflects 
the language areas of the participating departments. We welcome applicants 
whose research would especially benefit from collaborative opportunities in an 
interdisciplinary work environment. 


Applicants for all positions should submit: Updated CV, statement of interest 
with specific mention of which of these research areas is appropriate for the applicant's 
own background, and future research direction. This should include a 
statement of research interests and a statement of teaching philosophy. 


In addition, applicants for the senior-level position should submit: Names, mail 
and email addresses of three references. Applicants for the entry-level positions 
should submit: 1) Official transcript from the institution granting the doctorate. 
2) Up to two sample publications or major conference presentations. 3) Three 
letters of reference. 


Review of applications will begin on November 7, 2005 and will continue until 


all positions are filled. 
Please have all materials sent to: Susan Gass, Director, Second Language Studies 
Program, A-711 Wells Hall, Michigan State University, E. Lansing, MI 488241027. 


*Tenure system department will be determined based on individual's 


background. 
MSU is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Institution. Persons with disabilities 
may request and receive reasonable accommodation. [R] 


Mississippi SU 

English, Drawer E Mississippi State MS 39762 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 209 

http://www.msstate.edu/dept/english 
Tenure-track position for assistant professor of linguistics to begin in fall 2006, 
pending funding. PhD in linguistics (or in English with linguistics concentration) 
and college teaching experience required. Primary teaching responsibilities will 


include courses required for the TESOL certification program, especially Approaches 
to TESOL, Second-Language Acquisition, and English Syntax, and 
possibly sophomore-level literature surveys. The successful candidate will carry a 
2–2 teaching assignment in the first year, then a 3–2 assignment in subsequent 
years. Research interests are open, but TESOL or SLA will be preferred. Publications 
and professional service are required for tenure and promotion. Salary 
will be competitive. Affordable and comfortable faculty housing is usually available 
in the first two years of employment. Mississippi State University is a 
Carnegie Doctoral/Research-Extensive institution with approximately 16,000 
students on the main campus. To apply, please send a letter and cv by 
November 15, 2005, to Dr. Richard Raymond, Head, Department of English, 
Mississippi State University, Drawer "E," Mississippi State, MS 39762. Mississippi 
State University is an AA/EO employer. [R] 

Northwestern C 

Mod For Langs, 101 Seventh St SW Orange City IA 51041 

Assistant Professor of ESL and TESL 370 

http://www.nwciowa.edu 
Beginning August 2006, teaching assignments include a range of ESL courses for 
international students, such as ESL for Academic Purposes, ESL Bible, Business 
English, Oral English, ESL Writing and American Culture, in addition to TESL 
courses for the TESL Endorsement in Education for the B.A. program. Additional 
responsibilities include advising, Modern Foreign Languages departmental 
duties, student teaching supervision, scholarship, committee assignments, and 
working closely with international programs personnel. Preference will be given 
to candidates with a doctorate or nearly completed doctorate in ESL and/or 
TESL/Linguistics and proven excellence in teaching. Northwestern College 
seeks faculty who are evangelical in theology with a Reformed perspective, and 
who are committed to the distinctives of a Christian liberal arts education. Applications, 
including curriculum vitae and copies of transcripts, should be submitted 
to: Dr. Jasper Lesage, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Northwestern 
College, Orange City, IA 51041 vpaa@nwciowa.edu. NWC is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. [R] 

Purdue U 

English, 500 Oval Dr West Lafayette IN 47907 

Assistant Professor of English as a Second Language 230 

http://www.cla.purdue.edu/english/ 
Tenure track Assistant Professor of English as a Second Language. Two-course 
teaching load per semester. Starting date of August 14, 2006. Ph.D. in English as 
a second language or related field with expertise and interest in one or more 
areas that enhance or complement existing program strengths in language assessment, 
second language writing, and world Englishes. Ability to teach graduate 
courses in such areas as theory of second language studies, curriculum & instruction, 
qualitative research and quantitative research, as well as ESL support courses 
in written and oral communication, and the preparation of teachers of university-
level ESL courses. Demonstrated potential in scholarly research and commitment 
to excellence in teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels essential. 
Review of complete application files will begin Octoer 15, 2005 and continue 
until the position is filled. Send letter of application, CV, writing sample, evidence 
of teaching excellence and letters of recommendation to Daniel Morris, 
Chair of the Search Committee, Department of English, 500 Oval Drive, Purdue 
University, West Lafayette, IN 47907-2038. [R] 

Teachers College, Columbia U 

TESOL-Dept of Arts and Humanities, 525 W 120th St New York NY 10027 

Assistant Professor of Practice 172 

http://www.tc.edu/dean/facultysearch.htm 
The TESOL Program at Teachers College, Columbia University is seeking an 
assistant professor of practice in language and education with demonstrated 
teaching experience and research interests in TESOL, particularly as this relates 
to the education of English language learners in the PreK-12 contexts. 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Responsibilities: Teach TESOL graduate courses in some of the following areas: 
PreK-12 ESL methodologies; supervised student teaching; second language literacy 
development; second language classroom observation and supervision; 
TESOL curriculum design and materials development. Supervise PreK-12 student 
teachers in the schools. Advise M.A. students and serve on dissertation 
committees. Collaborate with teacher educators across the College in school-related 
issues. Participate in routine program administrative activities and maintain 
an active professional profile in TESOL. 

Qualifications: Earned doctorate in TESOL or Applied Linguistics; a record of 
successful PreK-12 ESL teaching experience and teaching of graduate TESOL 
courses; experience supervising PreK-12 ESL teachers. 

Complete job description can be found on http://www.tc.edu/dean/ 
facultysearch.htm. 

U of Alabama 

English, PO Box 870244 Tuscaloosa AL 35487 

Associate Professor of English 966 

Tenured position in TESOL, beginning in August 2006. Teach graduate and undergraduate 
courses in TESOL and linguistics; maintain active research and publication 
agenda; coordinate MA-TESOL program. Minimum qualifications: 
PhD with concentration in Applied Linguistics, TESOL, or related field; record 
of effective teaching at the college or university level; significant publications in 
area of specialization. Preferred qualifications: primary specialization in language 
teaching methodology and secondary specialization in theories of second language 
development; competence in at least one other language; international 
teaching experience; interest in rhetoric, discourse, or composition theory; interest 
in interdisciplinary collaboration. Review of applications begins November 
1, 2005, and continues until the position is filled. Send letter of application, 
vita, representative publications, and three letters of recommendation to: TESOL 
Search Committee, Catherine Davies, Chair. The University of Alabama is an 
equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

Indo-European Studies Prog, PO Box 951417, 100 Dodd Hall Los Angeles 
CA 90095 

Indo-European linguistics 221 

http://www.humnet.ucla.edu/pies/home.html 
Indo-European Linguistics—The Program in Indo-European Studies at the University 
of California, Los Angeles, invites applications for the Richard A. 
Diebold Chair in Indo-European Studies. The position is at open rank. Applicants 
should have broad training in the linguistics and philology of the principal 
ancient and medieval Indo-European languages and in the linguistic and cultural 
reconstruction of Proto-Indo-European. Field(s) of specialization open, but 
scholars with expertise in Anatolian and/or Tocharian are especially encouraged 
to apply. Candidates should demonstrate a strong commitment to scholarly research 
and publication as well as a dedication to teaching. The appointment will 
be effective July 1, 2006 and is subject to final budgetary approval. Salary will be 
commensurate with education and experience. Candidates should send a cover 
letter with curriculum vitae, writing sample, and three letters of recommendation 
(or references for senior candidates) to Stephanie Jamison, Head, Program in 
Indo-European Studies, Dodd 100, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1417. In


quiries may be directed to jamison@humnet.ucla.edu. Applications should be 
received by November 30, 2005. 
UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer with a strong 

commitment to the achievement of diversity among its faculty. [R] 

U of Illinois 

Department of Linguistics, 707 S Mathews-4080 FLB/MC176 Urbana IL 

Assistant Professor in Sociolinguistics 57 

http://www.linguistics.uiuc.edu/ 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 

The Department of Linguistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
is searching for a full-time tenure-track Assistant Professor position in sociolinguistics. 
The candidate should have a strong record of research and teaching 
in one or more of the following areas: discourse analysis, multilingualism, language 
contact, and social dialectology. Candidates should be prepared to teach 
both undergraduate and graduate courses in sociolinguistics. The salary is commensurate 
with experience. The appointment will start on August 16, 2006. 

The ideal candidate will be someone whose research interests complement and 
build on existing strengths of the department and who is eager to engage with 
students and faculty in the broader linguistic community at UIUC. 

The successful candidate must have completed all the requirements for the PhD 
degree. For full consideration, applications must be received by October 15, 
2005. Candidates are requested to submit a CV, three sample publications, 
teaching evaluations, and arrange for three letters of recommendation to be sent 
to the address below. 

Sociolinguistics Search Committee, c/o Marita Romine, University of Illinois, 
Department of Linguistics, MC 168, 4080 FLB, 707 S. Mathews Ave, Urbana, 
IL 61801, U.S.A. 

Inquiries about this position may be sent to: Rajeshwari Pandharipande rajpan@
uiuc.edu (217) 333-0946. The UIUC is an AA-EOE. [R] 

U of Kentucky 

English, 1215 Patterson Off Twr Lexington KY 40506 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 831 

http://www.uky.edu 
We seek an assistant professor who can teach a broad range of classes in an 
interdepartmental linguistics program; appointment is tenure-track, and is to be 
housed in the English Department. Specialization is open, but versatility and 
ability to teach in an interdisciplinary context are desired. Teaching load is two 
courses per semester, including introductory and advanced undergraduate 
courses and graduate courses. Evidence of successful scholarship and promise of 


successful teaching required. Ph.D. should be in hand at the time of 
appointment. 
We will interview at the Linguistics Society of America Convention. Appoint


ment begins August 2006. 
Please send letter of application, c.v., writing sample, and three letters of recom


mendation to Linguistics Job Search, c/o Ms. Lucy Combs, English Department, 
1207 Patterson Office Tower, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506 
Deadline is November 11. 
The English Department is strongly committed to diversity; minority and 


women candidates are encouraged to apply. [R] 


U of Pittsburgh 

Linguistics, 2816 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Assistant Professor of Phonology 890 

http://www.linguistics.pitt.edu 
The University of Pittsburgh, Department of Linguistics, invites applications for 
a full time tenure-track position in Phonology to begin in the Fall Term 2006, 
pending budgetary approval. The appointment is at the Assistant Professor level. 
Applicants must have a solid training in phonology, as well as demonstrated competence 
in a secondary area. Candidates should send a CV (including a list of 
funded research if applicable), a statement of research and teaching interests, copies 
of 2 reprints or other written work, teaching evaluations (if available), a transcript 
of graduate work. Applicants should arrange to have three reference letters 
sent directly to the search committee. Send materials to: Phonology Search 
Committee, Dept. of Linguistics, 2816 CL, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, 
PA 15260; (412) 624 5900; Fax (412) 624 6130. e-mail inquiries should be directed 
to Alan Juffs, Chair, at juffs@pitt.edu. The web page for the Department 
is http://www.linguistics.pitt.edu. To ensure full consideration, complete applications 
should be received by November 22, 2005. The University of Pittsburgh 
is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer. Women and members of 
minority groups under-represented in academia are especially encouraged to 
apply. [R] 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


U of Pittsburgh 

Linguistics, 2816 Cathedral of Learning Pittsburgh PA 15260 

Open Rank Professor of Applied Linguistics 895 

http://www.linguistics.pitt.edu 
The University of Pittsburgh, Department of Linguistics, invites applications for 
a full-time tenure-track position in Applied Linguistics to begin in the Fall Term 
2006, pending budgetary approval. The appointment is at the Assistant Professor 
level or above, depending on the credentials of the applicant, with senior rank 
possible if the candidate has the appropriate experience and an established international 
reputation. Applicants should have a solid training in applied linguistics 
and/or second language acquisition, classroom teaching experience, and knowledge 
of a language in addition to English. Preference will be given to candidates 
with expertise in research methodologies and/or classroom-based research. Candidates 
should send a CV (including a list of funded research, if applicable), a 
statement of research and teaching interests, copies of 2 reprints or other written 
work, and teaching evaluations (if available). Applicants at a junior rank should 
send a transcript of graduate work. Applicants should arrange to have three reference 
letters sent directly to the search committee. Send materials to: Applied 
Linguistics Search Committee, Dept. of Linguistics, 2816 CL, University of 
Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260; (412) 624 5900; Fax (412) 624 6130. e-mail 
inquiries should be directed to Alan Juffs, Chair, at juffs@pitt.edu. The web page 
for the Dept. is http://www.linguistics.pitt.edu. To ensure full consideration, 
complete applications should be received by November 22, 2005. The University 
of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity employer. 
Women and members of minority groups under-represented in academia are especially 
encouraged to apply. [R] 

U of Texas-Pan American 

English, 1201 W University Dr Edinburg TX 78541 

Assistant Professor of Linguistics 544 

http://www.panam.edu/dept/english/ 
Linguistics: Assistant Professor, tenure-track, position No. F05/06–14. 
Ph.D. in Applied Linguistics or closely related field required. Graduate course


work in theoretical and applied areas of linguistics and demonstrates evidence of 
scholarship in an applied area of linguistics desired. Preferred: theoretical emphasis 
in semantics and/or applied emphasis in second language qualitative and quantitative 
measurements/ESL testing, language competency testing & 
international/national standards; experience teaching introductory and applied 
linguistics; experience working with minority students, teaching ESL, developmental 
writing and/or reading; interest in distance learning, web-based and computer-
assisted instruction. Tenure-track position begins Fall 2006. 


Applications are invited from candidates with strong records and potential as 
teachers and scholars. We are looking for colleagues with an interest in and enthusiasm 
for developing new programs and curricula in a rapidly growing and 
expanding department. UTPA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity 
employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Send letter of application 
specifying the position number, C.V., three letters of recommendation 
and all undergraduate and graduate transcripts to Professor Steven Schneider, 
Chair, Department of English, The University of Texas-Pan American, 1201 W. 
University Drive, Edinburg, Texas 78541. Candidates may be requested to submit 
a writing sample. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Position 
open until filled, pending budgetary approval. This position is security-sensitive 
as defined by the Texas Education Code 51.215 (c) and Texas Government 
Code 411.094 (a) (2). For more information about our department please visit 
our website: (http://www.panam.edu/dept/english). [R] 


U of Wisconsin-Madison 

English, 600 N Park St, 7187 Whitehall Madison WI 53706 

Assistant Professor in English Language and Linguistics 104 

http://www.wisc.edu/english 
Tenure-track, working in the areas of phonology (including phonetics and 
prosody) and language variation and change, both diachronic and synchronic. 

We encourage applications from candidates who are able to make connections to 
our strong programs in literature, creative writing, and/or composition and rhetoric. 
This Assistant Professorship carries a 2–2 teaching load, with courses at the 
undergraduate and graduate levels. Candidates should demonstrate a commitment 
to advanced research and a wide range of research skills, as well as proficiency 
in teaching. Scholarly research and University service required. 


Applicants should send two copies—one by email, one by regular mail—of their 
initial materials: application letter, curriculum vitae, and 1–2 page description of 
dissertation or book. The email copy should be sent to employment@ 
english.wisc.edu. The paper version of these same materials should be sent to 
Chair's Assistant, Department of English, 600 N. Park St., University of Wisconsin-
Madison, Madison, WI 53706-1475. Send dossiers and writing samples only 
upon request from the search committee (rather than sending them as part of the 
initial materials). If possible, emails should be flagged with a tracking option to 
request a read receipt for the message. 


To be considered, materials must arrive (by email) no later than November 4, 


2005. 
Women and minorities are encouraged to apply; unless confidentiality is requested 
in writing, information regarding the names of applicants must be released 
upon request. Finalists cannot be guaranteed confidentiality. 


U of Wisconsin-River Falls 

English, 410 S 3rd St River Falls WI 54022 

Assistant Professor 

http://www.uwrf.edu/hr 
Tenure track. To teach Structure of English, English Language: History and Culture, 
Language Acquisition, and Introduction to Language and Linguistics beginning 
August 2006. The ability to teach TESOL courses or bilingual education 
courses may be considered an asset. For complete job description details and information 
about procedures, please see the University's website at www.uwrf 
.edu/hr after September 23. AA/EEO [R] 

NONACADEMIC LISTINGS 
German Historical Institute 

1607 New Hampshire Avenue, N.W. Washington DC 20009 

Editor, German Historical Institute 636 

http://www.ghi-dc.org 
The German Historical Institute, Washington, DC, seeks a full-time editor for its 
English-language book series in transatlantic history, German history, and international 
environmental history. The position entails extensive revision and/or 
rewriting of texts in English. A command of German is desirable but not required. 
Competitive candidates will have work experience in scholarly publishing 
and/or advanced training in European history, German studies, or a related 
field. Please send a cover letter, CV, and writing sample to: David Lazar, German 
Historical Institute, 1607 New Hampshire Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20009. 
The deadline for applications is October 31, 2005. [R] 

Modern Language Association 

Job Clinic on Nonacademic Careers, 26 Broadway New York NY 10004 

Job Clinic at the 2005 Convention 975 

http://www.mla.org 
A Job Clinic for MLA members interested in employment outside the academy 
will be held at the 2005 convention in Washington, DC. The Clinic will again 
be conducted by Howard Figler, career consultant, author ("The Complete Job 
Search Handbook"), and former director of the career center at the University of 
Texas at Austin. The twenty one previous clinics have been enthusiastically received 
by participants. The first job clinic was held at the 1984 convention. One 
participant praised a previous clinic for being "very well organized, reasonably 
priced." Another observed, "I feel that I now have a concrete picture of available 
opportunities and practical approaches to the job search. Dr. Figler really helped 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


build my confidence and change my frame of mind to a more positive attitude. I 
especially appreciated that Dr. Figler's own background and the slant given to the 
seminar wre pertinent to my own specific situation as an academic in transition." 
The clinic will assist in learning about career options and marketable skills, 
preparing effective resumes, locating jobs, and improving interviewing and negotiation 
skills. It will consist of five sessions that begin at 4:00 p.m. on 26 December 
(one day before the formal opening of the convention) and conclude at 
noon on 28 December. There should be minimal conflict with other convention 
sessions. The cost is $215 in addition to the convention registration fee;enrollment 
is limited. To receive further particulars, write or e-mail (rchustek@mla 
.org) with your name and complete mailing address to the MLA Job Information 
Service. Enrollment is limited. To receive further particulars, write or e-mail 
(rchustek@mla.org) with your name and complete mailing address to the MLA 
Job Information Service. Enrollment is limited. To receive further particulars, 
write or e-mail (rchustek@mla.org) with your name and complete mailing address 
to the MLA Job Information Service.enrollment is limited. To receive further 
particulars, write or e-mail (rchustek@mla.org) with your name and 
complete mailing address to the MLA Job Information Service. 

POSTDOCTORAL LISTINGS 
American Academy of Ar ts & Sciences 

Visiting Scholars Program, 136 Irving Street 136 Irving Street Cambridge 
MA 02138 

Visiting Scholars Program, The American Academy of Arts and Sciences 194 

http://www.amacad.org 
American Academy of Arts & Sciences 
Visiting Scholars Program 
Post-Doctoral and Junior Faculty Fellowships, 2006–2007 
Postmark Deadline: Friday, October 14, 2005 
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences, an international learned society 


and research institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts, invites postdoctoral scholars 
and nontenured junior faculty to apply for research fellowships for the 
2006–2007 year. 


The Academy is interested in proposals that relate to its current projects in the 
following program areas: Humanities & Culture, Science & Global Security, Social 
Policy & American Institutions, and Education. For more information on 
these studies, please visit the Academy's website (www.amacad.org/ 
projects.aspx). Projects that address American cultural, social, or political issues 
from the founding period to the present are especially welcome, as are studies 
that consider developments in America from a multidisciplinary and/or comparative 
perspective. In conjunction with its 225th anniversary, the Academy has 
launched a major archival initiative to preserve its historic papers and invites proposals 
that will draw upon these holdings as well. 


Visiting Scholars are expected to participate in conferences, seminars, and events 
at the Academy while advancing their independent research; they must be in residence 
during their fellowship year. 


Terms of Award: $35,000 stipend for post-doctoral scholars; up to $50,000 for 


junior faculty (not to exceed one-half of salary). 
For details, contact: The Visiting Scholars Program, American Academy of Arts 
and Sciences, 136 Irving Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138-1996. Telephone: 
(617) 576-5014; FAX: (617) 576-5050; e-mail: vsp@amacad.org. 


Application information is available on the Academy's website at www.amacad 
.org/visiting.aspx. 


Brown U 

Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women, Box 1958 
Providence RI 02912 

Postdoctoral Fellow 122 

http://pembrokecenter.org 
Pembroke Center Postdoctoral Fellowships 2006–2007 

Mediated Bodies/Bodies of Mediation 
Seminar Leader: Lynne Joyrich 
Chesler-Mallow Senior Faculty Research Fellow, Pembroke Center 
Department of Modern Culture and Media 
Fellowships are open to scholars from all disciplines. Recipients may not hold a 


tenured position in an American college or university. 


The term of appointment is September 1, 2006-May 31, 2007. The stipend is 
$35,000, plus health insurance unless otherwise covered. 
For application forms contact Elizabeth_Barboza@brown.edu; phone: 401-863


2643. A full description of the fellowship is on the center's website:pembroke


center.org 
The mailing address of the Center is Box 1958, Brown University, Providence, 
RI 02912. The deadline for applications is December 8, 2005. Selection will be 
announced in February. 


Carnegie Mellon U 

Mod Langs, Baker Hall 160 Pittsburgh PA 15213 

Postdoctoral Fellow 254 

http://www.hss.cmu.edu/cas/ 
Scholars and artists who have received their terminal degree within the last seven 
years in any field of humanistic inquiry or artistic endeavor are invited to apply 
for an Arts in Society Fellowship, supported by the Center for the Arts in Society 
at Carnegie Mellon University. The purpose of these fellowships is to provide 
junior scholars with time and further their own work in a cross-disciplinary 

setting, to associate with a distinguished faculty, and to contribute to an innovative 
humanities initiative at the University. 
One Fellow will be appointed to the Center for the Arts in Society for the aca


demic year 2006–2007, and will be awarded a stipend plus a $5000 research 
grant. The Fellow will teach one undergraduate course each semester that contributes 
to the Center's new arts-histories curriculum. The fellow will also participate 
in the work of the Center for the Arts in Society, which sponsors 
conferences, lectures and colloquia on various topics, and give on public lecture. 
A Fellow is expected to be in residence in Pittsburgh during the term of the fellowhsip. 
The fellowships will provide a stipend of $35,000 and full university 
benefits. 

Applications should address the issue of "arts in society," offering a unique interdisciplinary 
perspective on the topic. A research proposal and a suggested course 
should demonstrate this perspective, both in terms of the contribution to future 
work and in terms of new course content. 

DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: 
Must be received by February 3rd, 2006 
Candidates for the Fellowship should submit the following documents (there is 

no official application form): 
a) a statement of current research interests 
b) a one-page proposal for an undergraduate course bridging the arts and hu


manities 
c) a full curriculum vitae 
d) three letters of recommendation 
APPLICATIONS SHOULD BE MAILED, NOT FAXED OR E-MAILED, 

TO: Anna Houck, Arts and Society Fellowship Committee, Dean's Office BH 
154, College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, 
Pittsburgh, PA 15213 [R] 

Johns Hopkins U 

Krieger School of Arts and Sciences, 3400 N. Charles St., 146 Gilman Hall 
Baltimore MD 21218 

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities 280 

http://www.jhu.edu/ksas 
The Krieger School of Arts and Sciences of the Johns Hopkins University solicits 
applications for the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humani-

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


ties. Three fellowships will be available starting July 1, 2006. The appointment is 
for one year, renewable for a second. The position carries a departmental affiliation 
and the responsibility to teach one course per semester. The initial stipend 
will be $45,000, with an additional $1,000 made available for research and travel 
expenses; health insurance and a one-time moving allowance of $1,500 are also 
included. Applicants should have completed the Ph.D. no earlier than June 30, 
2002, in any discipline of the Humanities. 

Applicants should send a letter of interest, a c.v., three letters of recommendation 

and an academic statement including a research and a teaching proposal to 
Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship Committee, 237 Mergenthaler Hall, Johns 
Hopkins University, 3400 North Charles Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21218 

Applications must be postmarked by December 31, 2005. Applications from 
women and underrepresented minorities are especially encouraged. The Johns 
Hopkins University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Kenyon C 

Office of the Associate Provost, Edelstein House Gambier OH 43028 

Kenyon College Dissertation Fellowship 664 

http://provost.kenyon.edu 
Kenyon College announces a competition for the Marilyn Yarbrough Dissertation/
Teaching Fellowship. This fellowship is intended for members of underrepresented 
groups (e.g., ethnic minorities; women in fields that attract mostly men, 
or men in fields that attract mostly women; and persons who are first-generation 
college attendees). Those eligible to apply include individuals who are enrolled 
in a research-based Ph.D. program; individuals who aspire to a teaching and re


search career; and persons who have not yet earned a doctoral degree at any time 
and in any field. 
Kenyon College located on an idyllic campus in rural central Ohio (about 50 


miles NE of Columbus) enrolls approximately 1500 students and is ranked in the 
top tier of national liberal arts colleges. Kenyon prides itself upon its reputation as 
an excellent teaching environment enriched by small classes, close contact with 
highly motivated and engaged students and an excellent faculty of dedicated 
teacher scholars. 


For more specific information regarding this fellowship and for application instructions 
please visit: http://provost.kenyon.edu. To learn more about Kenyon, 
visit: www.kenyon.edu 


Review of applications will begin December 1, 2005 and continue until the po


sition is filled. 
An EOE, Kenyon welcomes diversity and encourages the applications of women 
and minority candidates. [R] 


Rice U 

Center for the Study of Cultures, P.O. Box 1892 Houston TX 77251 

Postdoctoral Fellow 691 

http://culture.rice.edu 
Rice University and the Center for the Study of Cultures announce the continuation 
of the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship Program. 
Up to three postdoctoral fellows will be selected for a two-year appointment beginning 
July 1, 2006 at a stipend of $40,000 per year plus a moving and research 
allowance. Fellows will teach two courses per academic year, will be expected to 
make significant progress in their research, and will also participate in the intellectual 
life of relevant departments, programs, and Center research groups. While 


candidates will hold department affiliation, we seek candidates who take interdisciplinary 
approaches to any area of humanistic study, broadly construed. 
Eligibility: 
Ph.D. degree received 2002 or after. Applicants who will receive the Ph.D. de


gree by July 1, 2006 are eligible to apply. If the Ph.D. is not in hand at the time 
of the application, a letter of confirmation must be received from the committee 
chair or department stating that the candidate will have the Ph.D. degree before 
the term of the fellowship begins on July 1, 2006. 


Applications should include: 


1. A cover letter 
2. A statement of current research including project(s) to be undertaken during 
fellowship period (three single-spaced pages maximum) 
3. A brief proposal for a one-semester undergraduate course 
4. A curriculum vitae 
5. Three letters of recommendation 
APPLICATION DEADLINE: All application materials (including letters of recommendation) 
must be received by December 1, 2005. Applications should be 
mailed or express-mailed, not faxed or emailed. It is the applicant's responsibility 
to ensure that all documentation is complete and that letters of recommendation 
are submitted by the deadline. Send all materials to Associate Director, Center 
for the Study of Cultures, MS-620, Rice University, P.O. Box 1892, Houston, 
Texas 77251-1892. Contact http://culture.rice.edu, email: culture@rice.edu. 
Rice University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. 
Employment eligibility verification requested upon hire. [R] 

Rice U 

Program for the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality, P.O. Box 1892 
Houston TX 77251 

Postdoctoral Fellow, Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality 958 

http://swg.rice.edu 
The Program for the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality at Rice University 
announces two postdoctoral fellowships in the humanities or social sciences 
for scholars pursuing research and publication projects in sexuality studies; feminist 
legal studies; globalization; feminist critical race and ethnicity theory; or 
feminist science and technology studies. Pre-twentieth century topics are welcome. 
Ph.D. prior to appointment. Each fellowship has duration of two years 
beginning August 2005. Recipients will teach two women's studies courses per 
year (level open) and will play an active role in the intellectual life of the Program. 
Rice will provide a salary of $40,000 plus benefits. Rice University is an 
Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Send letter of interest, 
curriculum vita, dossier with a minimum of three references, and writing 
sample (about 25 pages) to Sarah Westphal-Wihl, Program for the Study of 
Women, Gender, and Sexuality MS-38, Rice University, P.O. Box 1892, Houston, 
TX 77251-1892. Postmark deadline for applications is Friday, December 2, 
2005. [R] 

Stanford U 

English Department, Building 460 Stanford CA 94305 

Stanford Humanities Fellow 169 

http://fellows.stanford.edu 
Stanford University invites applications for the Stanford Humanities Fellows Program, 
a postdoctoral fellowship designed to give the best recent Ph.D. recipients 
in the humanities a unique opportunity to develop as scholars and teachers. Up 
to six two-year fellowships will be awarded in the following fields: Art and Art 
History; Drama; English and American Literature; Music. Stipend is $50,000 
plus benefits and other support. Fellows are provided offices in and teach for one 
of Stanford's fifteen standing humanities departments. Course load: one course 
and one course-equivalent per year. Applicants must have received a qualified 
Ph.D. between 1/1/2003 and 6/30/2006. Application deadline is December 5, 
2005. Please see our display ad in the Chronicle of Higher Education (Oct. 7, 
Oct. 14) or visit our website at http://fellows.stanford.edu. [R] 

U of California, Los Angeles 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities, RHG, PO Box 951539 
Los Angeles CA 90095 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities at UCLA 707 

http://www.ucla.edu 
"Cultures in Transnational Perspective" 
Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities at UCLA 
Call for Applications 

MLA JOB INFORMATION LIST 


Deadline: February 1, 2006 
The division of humanities at the University of California, Los Angeles, will appoint 
four Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellows for a 2-year tenure beginning 
in the fall of 2006. Fellows must have earned their doctoral degree no 
earlier than January 2000 and no later than June 2006. The Mellon Fellowship 
provides a stipend of $45,000 a year, standard fringe benefits, a one-time moving 
allowance of $1,500, plus a small research budget of $1,000. All Fellows will be 
housed in relevant home departments for which they teach two courses each 
year. They are required to be in residence and to participate in the monthly Mellon 
Fellows Seminars and annual Mellon Conference, as well as the on-going in


tellectual life of their home departments. Fellows will also write a progress report 
due on June 15th of each year of residence. 
The Mellon program at UCLA is designed to explore the emerging field of 

Transnational Studies. Its aim is to broaden the study of minority cultures from 
its national focus to global and comparative perspectives. We seek innovative 
scholarship that explores minority cultures as major components of world culture 
and history, generated by immigrant and minority writers, artists, filmmakers, 
playwrights, and musicians residing in metropolitan centers across the world and 
thereby reshaping the canons of literature, art, and music in their respective 
countries. The program encourages the investigation of such patterns of encounter 
over several centuries in order better to understand what is distinctive 
about each period and in each field of research. 

There is no application form. Applicants should send a cover letter, a description 
(no more than 1500 words) of the scholarly project relevant to the program, a 
CV, and three letters of recommendation by February 1, 2006, to: Mellon Postdoctoral 
Fellowships in the Humanities at UCLA, Royce Humanities Group, 
212 Royce Hall, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA 90095. The program is co-chaired by 
Professors Franoise Lionnet (French and Francophone Studies; Comparative Literature) 
and Shu-mei Shih (Asian Languages and Cultures; Comparative Literature). 
For more information, please contact Cyndia Soloway at (310) 267-4842 
or via e-mail at soloway@humnet.ucla.edu. 

U of California, Los Angeles 

UCLA International Institute, 11349 Bunche Hall Los Angeles CA 90095 

Global Fellow 1017 

http://www.international.ucla.edu/globalfellows/ 
The UCLA International Institute will appoint up to eight Global Fellows to 
commence residence for up to two years on 1 September 2006. Fellows will be 
drawn from the arts & humanities (including literary studies & philosophy), the 
natural sciences (including engineering, medicine, & public health), and the social 
sciences (including law, public policy, & management). This interdisciplinary 
program emphasizes comprehensive approaches while encouraging border-crossing 
conversations among resident Global Fellows. Activities include research, interaction 
with faculty, and teaching. There is no citizenship requirement. 
Applicants must have received their doctoral degree between January 1999 and 


June 2006. Fellows will be awarded $50,000-$70,000 in remuneration per year 
depending on field and experience. 
Further information is available at http://www.international.ucla.edu/ 


globalfellows/Contact: globalfellows@international.ucla.edu or (310) 825-3902. 


Applications and nominations should be submitted on-line between 15 November 
2005 and 13 January 2006. Appointments will be made by 15 March 2006. 
UCLA is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. The International 


Institute has a strong commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity 
among its faculty and staff. 


U of Chicago 

Society of Fellows, 1116 East 59th Street Chicago IL 60637 

Collegiate Assistant Professor 126 

The University of Chicago Society of Fellows 
The University of Chicago Society of Fellows is now accepting applications for 
several four-year postdoctoral teaching appointments as Harper and Schmidt Fellows 
who hold the rank of Collegiate Assistant Professors in the Humanities 
Collegiate Division. The Fellows are members of the College Faculty whose pri


mary responsibility is to teach in the general education program. In most years, 
Fellows teach two courses (usually of identical preparation) for each of three 
quarters. Each Fellow also has the opportunity to design an independent course 
and each is eligible for one quarter of research sabbatical in the third year of residence. 
The Fellowships are open to scholars in all disciplines and areas of specialization 
who will have completed all requirements for their Ph.D. degree no later 
than August 31, 2006. The annual salary for 2006–2007 will be $48,000. The effective 
date for these teaching appointments is September 1, 2006. 

To apply for these positions, please see our web site at http://fellows.uchicago 
.edu 
Applications must be received by November 16, 2005. 
AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

Washington U 

English, One Brook ings Dr, Campus Box 1122 St Louis MO 63130-4899 

Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Lecturer 1010 

http://www.artsci.wustl.edu/~szwicker/Mellon_Postdoctoral_Pr 
Postdoctoral Fellowship Program designed to encourage interdisciplinary schol


arship and teaching across the humanities and social sciences. We invite applications 
from recent Ph.D.s for the position of Fellow. In 
September 2006, the selected Fellow will join our continuing Fellows in order to 

participate in the University's ongoing interdisciplinary programs and seminars. 
The Fellow will receive a two year appointment with a stipend beginning at 
$40,700 per year. Postdoctoral Fellows have an opportunity to plan and pursue 
their own continuing research in association with a senior faculty member at 
Washington University, and, over the course of their two-year appointment, to 
teach three undergraduate courses in their home discipline and to collaborate 
each spring in an interdisciplinary theory and methods workshop. 

There is no application form, but further information on Modeling Interdisciplinary 
Inquiry is available at the address below and on the web at 
http://www.artsci.wustl.edu/~szwicker/Mellon_Postdoctoral_Program.html. 
Applicants should submit a cover letter, a description of their research program 
(no more than three single-spaced pages), a brief proposal for the seminar in theory 
and methods, a curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation. All 
materials must be submitted in paper copy. 

Submit materials by December 1, 2005, to Steven Zwicker (szwicker@ 

artsci.wustl.edu) Department of English 
Washington University, Campus Box 1122 One Brookings Drive, St. Louis MO 
63130 Washington University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. 
Employment eligibility verification requested upon hire. [R]] 

Wesleyan U 

Ctr for the Humanities, Middletown CT 06459 

Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow 

http://www.wesleyan.edu/chum 
ANDREW W. MELLON POSTDOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP FOR 
2006–2007 AT WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY'S CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES, 
an institute devoted to advanced study and research. At least one 
fellowship will be awarded; the stipend is $45,000. For information on the criteria 
of eligibility, the application procedure, and the Center's themes for 
2006–2007, visit the Center's web-site: http://www.wesleyan.edu/chum Completed 
applications must be received by November 10, 2005. 

ENGLISH EDITION • OCTOBER 2005 


MLA JOB 
INFORMATION 
SERVICE 

26 Broadway, 
3rd floor 
New York, NY 10004-1789 

FIRST CLASS MAIL 

• 
Job Information List 
on the World Wide Web 
• 
How to access the electronic 
JIL 
(inside front cover) 
FIRST CLASS MAIL 
DATED MATERIAL 


First Class 
US Postage 
PAID 
New York, NY 
Permit No. 2967 



